I see myself as being honest , diligent , persevering and creative . And I have a strong sense of responsibility .
How about your psychological resilience ?
I think I can work well under pressure , if necessary .
How would you deal with those who are not easy to get along with ?
I will just be sincere and friendly to others , and I believe they will treat me the same way .
You seem to be a kind-hearted lady .
Thank you . I simply believe the goodness of human nature .
Please tell me your weaknesses if you can .
What does your job involve ?
Why is there water all over the bathroom floor ?
I'm sorry - it's my fault . I was filling the bathtub and I left the water running too long , so it overflowed .
I am dropping off my prescription to get it filled .
You can come back in twenty minutes , and it will be ready .
If I couldn ' t wait , could the prescription be mailed to me ?
Yes , you can have it delivered or filled at any location in our HMO .
When should I take this medication ?
You need to take it at bedtime .
Should I take this medicine on an empty stomach ?
Don ' t mix alcohol with this medication , but you can take it with or without food .
What are the side effects of this medication ?
Dear , can you drive me to the clinic ?
I'm afraid I can't .
Why ?
Well , my car won't start . I don't know what's the matter with it .
Could it be the battery ?
No , I don't think it could be . I checked the battery two days ago . It must be other problems .
Well , I suppose it could be the gas .
No , there is plenty of gas . I filled it up yesterday .
Perhaps it's the starter then ?
Hey , Mary . We're back . Have you eaten yet ?
I had some bread for breakfast .
Let's go out for brunch .
Brunch ?
It is a meal that combines breakfast and lunch . On Sundays , many Americans sleep late and go out for brunch . Those who go to church without having breakfast have brunch also .
Can you give me a hand with some things in the kitchen ? I don ' t think I can finish everything in time .
Ok , what do you want me to do ?
First of all , I need you to do the drying up . I ' m almost finished the washing up . I ' m going to clean the cooker when I finish .
Ok . I ' ll put the plates and cutlery away as I dry them . Where is the tea towel ? Oh , here it is .
We ' ll have this finished in no time with two if us working on it .
While you ' re cleaning the cooker , I ' ll wipe the worktop . That was a great meat , by the way .
Actually , it was just some leftovers from yesterday . I made far too much food to eat alone . I am glad you could come over to help me finish it .
My pleasure ! This tea towel ' s a little ragged . Do you have another one ?
Yes . Look in that drawer . I should throw the old one out .
Good morning , sir . May I help you ?
Yes , I'd like to settle my bill .
Certainly sir . May I have your room key , please ?
Sure . Here you are .
Just a moment , please . I'll draw up your bill for you ... Thank you for waiting , sir . Your bill totals two thousand six hundred and fifty-eight yuan , including the phone and laundry .
That much ! Would you mind letting me have a look at it ?
Not at all , sir . Here you are .
Thanks . Well , It seems to be right . How much is that in dollars , please ?
Just a moment , sir . I'll calculate that for you . It comes to 305 dollars and 52 cents at today's exchange rate .
I see . OK .
How would you like to make the payment ?
In cash , please . Here you are .
Thank you , sir ... Here is your change . Could you check it , please ? Thank you for choosing our hotel . I hope you enjoyed your stay .
By the way , please forward my mail to this address .
Could you project what you would like to be doing five years from now ?
As I have some administrative experience from my last job , I may use my organizational and planning skills in the future .
How do you plan to accomplish this ?
By doing everything necessary and for further study .
How long would you like to stay with this company ?
How long I will stay with the company depends on whether the company and I are satisfied with each other .
What do you think of this industry's outlook in five years ?
Can you tell me where it hurts ?
I am so glad they called you . It feels like something is really wrong with my stomach !
Does it hurt when I push here ?
It ' s mostly on my right side . Right here !
Have you been feeling this way for awhile ?
I started feeling kind of sick last night after dinner , but this morning the pain got really bad !
Have you eaten anything unusual lately ?
No , not that I remember .
We are going to take you to an emergency room right now .
Thank god you are open ! I have an emergency !
Hello , Mr . Henderson what can I do for you ?
I need this dress and this suit dry cleaned ASAP !
OK , I can have it ready by the end of the week .
No , you don ' t understand , I need this tomorrow morning ! I accidentally spilled beer all over my wife ' s dress and we have a wedding to attend tomorrow ! She ' s gonna kill me !
OK , I can have it ready tomorrow afternoon , but this suit is also very stained . I can ' t guarantee we can remove it completely .
Fine ! Can you also iron and starch this shirt ?
Certainly .
Good coming , sir . What can I do for you ?
Good coming . I would like to open a new account . I want to deposit 500 dollars .
Very good , sir . What kind would you like ?
Could you tell me how many kinds there are in your bank ?
Besides the checking account , there's a monthly savings account and a daily interest account .
Oh , I think I'd like to take the monthly savings account then .
Would you fill out this form ?
OK . Here you are .
All right . And here's your deposit book .
Thank you . Goodbye .
Let's have a look at the map first .
All right . Wukesong stop is quite a few stops from here .
Let's buy some tickets .
The train is coming . There are a lot of people waiting here . let's stand in a better position to get on the train
Well , it's not as crowded as we expected , is it ?
Good morning . May I help you ?
Yes . I'm looking for an apartment , I'd like two bedrooms .
All right . Have a seat , please . Let me ask you a few questions . First of all , may I have your name , please ?
My name's Donald Eakins .
How do you spell your last name , Mr . Eakins .
It's E-A-K-I-N-S .
E-A-K-I-N-S . First name , Donald . And what's your present address , Mr . Eakins ?
It's 1446 Pine Street .
1446 Pine . That's in San Francisco , isn't it ?
I'd like to extend my visa for another two years .
Are you on a tourist visa or a student visa ?
Student visa .
What is the reason for extension ?
I'll go into a practical training as soon as I receive my Master ' s degree from the University of Pennsylvania early next month .
Lisa , is there a milk section ?
No , there's no such section . The dairy section is where you'll find milk and cheese .
What's Condiments ?
That's where you'll find things like salt and pepper .
Oh , I see .
Let's go to aisle 4 to pick up some pasta for tonight .
Great ! Pasta for dinner .
And let's get a loaf of bread at the bakery for breakfast .
Maybe we should get a shopping cart .
Have you seen the sales report for last quarter ? Who do you think is our digest threat ?
From the numbers , it seems like Forest Inc . is our digest competitor ... Le'Ban and Markford are also major contenders in our market .
Le'Ban is the new kid on the block , it's amazing they've had such tremendous success so soon ... With them on the scene , the competition is outthrough .
here's information about our competitor's recent market activities ...
Thanks , this will be a big help in putting together next quarter's marketing strategies . With competition this intense , we'll have to step up production even more . We need a price we can compete with .
We're in a very competitive environment . It's sink or saimin this market .
morning . Rent-A-Car Agency . May I help you ?
Good morning . This is Paul Alexander calling from the Isis Advertising Firm . We need a car to the airport for Mr . Phillips .
Certainly , Mr . Alexander . When would Mr . Phillips like to leave ?
We want to order some of these products .
Mr . Thomas , this is a standard size .
Can you supply us right away ?
Yes , we have plenty on hand right now .
Good , we'll take 500 suits .
Are there any vacancies still available ?
Yes . We need a plumber here .
I am looking for a job that is more advanced than that , such as sales manager or regional manager .
Hello . Excuse me .
Yes . Can I help you ?
Do you remember me ? I just had lunch here a half hour ago .
Of course I remember you .
I think I lost my wallet here .
Oh , no . Really ? I didn't see anything .
Really ? You didn't find a wallet ?
No , I didn't . Would you like to go look by the table with me ?
Yes , I would . It's not here . And it's not on the floor . Has anyone sat at this table since we left ?
No . It's been empty the whole time .
Hmm . I don't know how it could have happened .
I remember , sir , that your friend took the bill . You didn't pay for the lunch yourself , did you ?
No . My friend did .
Then are you sure you took your wallet out of your pocket while you were here ?
No , I'm not sure . But I usually take out my wallet when I sit down . It ' s uncomfortable to sit on it . So I usually put it next to me on the table .
Maybe you lost it before you came here . Or maybe you left it at home .
I don't think it's at home . I think I had it when I left the house . But what should I do ?
Well , the first thing you should do is make sure it's not at home . Then , if it isn't , you need to call your credit card companies and cancel your cards . Next , you need to replace whatever you lost , your driver's license , things like that .
Should I call the police ?
You can if you want . But the police usually don't do anything about lost wallets .
Hmm . I'll go home and check . Maybe you're right . Maybe it's at home .
I'm sorry we couldn't find it , sir .
Can I help you , Miss ?
I would like to order 2 office-style cabinets and desk calendars . We want office-style cabinets in white . The catalogue number is 90 - f - 2356 .
How soon do you want it ?
Could you deliver it tomorrow ?
No problem .
Please handle the items carefully .
Certainly .
Do you want to know what really motivates Vince to be nice to me ?
OK . What ?
It isn't gratitude . It's fear . Vince is afraid I'll jump to a competitor .
You wouldn't do that . Would you ?
I might . Vince knows he needs to keep me happy .
Excuse me , but I'm not feeling too well . I think I'm going to throw up .
There's an airsickness bag behind the seat that's in front of you .
I must've missed it .
Is this your first time flying ?
Yes . I'm going to San Francisco .
Oh , it's a beautiful city . I think you'll like it .
Hey , I'm feeling much better already .
Sometimes if you don't think about it , that sick feeling will go away on its own .
Thanks . By the way , my name is Mary .
Good morning , Miss .
Good morning . Could you tell me where I can find the Clothing Department ?
On the left of the elevator of the 3rd floor .
I ' d like to buy a woolen vest for my grandpa .
I ' m sure you can find your favorite there .
Thank you very much .
Would you like to come by and play bridge ?
Well , let's see . Why don't we go dancing for a change ? We haven't done that for a long time .
Well , to tell the truth , I don't really feel like it tonight . I had a pretty hard day and I'm sort of tired .
Hmm . Well , in that case , we could go to the movies .
Oh , we always go to the movies . Can't we do something different ?
Well , do you have any suggestions ?
Let's see . How do you feel about playing bridge ?
It's OK with me , but we don't have any beer and things .
Well , shall I call Janet and ask her and Tom to come over , and I'll go to the store and buy some stuff .
OK .
Hello , Steven . How do you get along with your job ?
Actually , I learn many things from it . I find that I am a quick learner in new things .
Practice makes perfect . By the way , what do you learn from your job ?
At first I didn't know anything about the machine . Now I know how to operate it . Besides , the work gives me a sense of fulfillment and achievement .
Yeah , you are a good learner . I must commend you for your good performance .
Thank you . That's a long way to go for my job .
I appreciate your effort very much . The coffee break is over ; it's about time we set to work .
Excuse me . I've been waiting for my main dish for quite a time .
Yes , sir . Just a minute , please , I'll check with the kitchen .
Thank you for waiting . It takes another ten to fifteen minutes , I'm afraid .
We have an appointment in half an hour .
I see .
Do you have anything else I can have instead ?
Well , yes . How about beef stew ? We can serve you at once .
Excuse me , but could you tell me the way to the railway station ?
The railway station ? Just go down this street and turn left at the second corner . The station is at the end of that street .
How long will it take me to get there ?
It's about a ten-minute walk .
That's very clear . I think I can find my way now . Thank you .
How beautiful the flower is !
Really , it's so beautiful .
You like it . Well , I'll gather in for you .
You mustn't pick it in this place .
Where it is ?
Good morning , sir . Is there a bank near here ?
There is one . 5 blocks away from here ?
Well , that's too far . Can you change some money for me ?
Surely , of course . What kind of currency have you got ?
RIB .
How much would you like to change ?
Well , Mr . Smith . That's a nasty infection you have .
Yes . Is there anything you can give me to get rid of it , doctor ?
I'm going to prescribe some antibiotics and some cream to ease the itching and burning .
Ok , thank you ! Where should I buy them ?
The pharmacy will give you a discount since you came to the clinic .
Great ! What floor is pharmacy on ?
The fourth . I'll send the prescription down there so you can just pick it up on your way out .
Please put your baggage on the counter and open it , let me have a look .
Yes , sir . Please examine it .
Anything subject to duty in your suitcase ?
No , sir . Nothing except my personal belongings , such as clothes , notebooks and some gifts .
Any cigarettes or liquor ?
I have cigarettes for my own use .
I think you'll have to pay some duty on these cigarettes because they exceed the quota . And this article is liable for duty .
How much duty should I pay ?
One hundred dollars .
Here is the money .
Just a moment . I'll make out your duty memo . ( Writing and giving the memo to Mr . Green ) Take it and pay the girl over there .
Comfort Inn , may I help you ?
I ' m looking for a hotel near the convention center .
You ' re in luck ! We ' re just a two-minute drive from there . Would you like to make a reservation ?
Not just yet . I have one or two questions . How much for a single ?
During the peak season , a single room goes for 50 dollars on a night . But we ' Ve got a Single Super Saver Special going on right now -- only $ 30 a night . And we ' Ve also extended our checkout time 00 in
That ' s a good deal . Since this is a working trip , I wonder if you have meeting rooms where I can get together with some clients .
Yes , we have five meeting rooms , of various sizes . We can accommodate large meetings and small , informal gatherings as well . Of course , if you have many small meeting , you might consider checking
That sounds great . Do you accept checks ?
What ' s up ?
I guess there is some kind of virus seeking into my computer , I can ' t send out this e-mail . Do you have the number of the text port ?
Do you mind I have a look at your computer ?
Of course not , I appreciate that .
Well , it has nothing to do with virus . The problem is your attachment is a bit larger . It has exceeded the e-mail capacity .
I see . What can I do now ?
Hi , I'm George . I'll be your waiter this evening . Are you ready to order or do you need a few more minutes ?
I'm ready now . I'd like the roast chicken and a side order of corn .
And would you like an appetizer before your meal ? The soup of the day is our delicious tomato soup .
I'll pass on the soup , but I'd like a garden salad .
Can I get you anything to drink ?
Yes , I'd like a glass of iced tea .
Okay . I'll be back in a minute with your drink and salad .
Hello ?
Hi , Deborah ! This is John . I'm calling from Australia .
What are you doing in Australia ?
I'm attending a conference in Sydney this week . Remember ?
Oh , right . What time is it there ?
It's 10:00 P . M . And it's four o'clock in Los Angeles , right ?
Yes - four o'clock in the morning .
4:00 A . M . ? I'm really sorry .
Oh , damn . There ' s another traffic jam on the highway .
How can there be a traffic jam on a 16 - lane highway every day ?
There are just too many people , and too many cars .
I wonder if there was an accident .
No , they just said it too many people were trying to get off at the Capitol exits .
Well , let ' s put on some music . We ' re going to be stuck in this for a while .
All right , what do you want to listen to ?
How about some Beatles ?
Here is the document you asked for this morning .
Oh , you are so efficient . I thought you might give it to me tomorrow . Thanks .
You ' re welcome . You know , these days I have been reflecting on my biggest weakness procrastination . The more I think about it , the more I hate myself for being so disorganized . I decided to change the situation as soon as possible . Otherwise I will be more regretful later .
This is encouraging news , good for you ! What is your solution , then ?
The most useful method is to make plans and set priorities . It helps me to manage time well and get the most important things done at the first place .
Well , Peter , you have to do better than that next time , won ' t you ?
Have I really got to do those exams again , Dad ?
Of course , you have . You must try harder this time .
And must I go back to school ?
No , you needn ' t do that . You ' d better get a part-time job somewhere and go to evening classes .
But Dad , I should be working full-time at my age . I ' m nearly 17 .
You ought to have worked harder then you wouldn ' t have failed your exams . You have to take a job and study .
What else I ' Ve got to do ? Join the army ?
Good morning , sir . Can I help you ?
Yes , I need to check-in for the eleven 20 flight to New York , please .
O . K . Ticket , please .
Here you are .
Would you like a window or an aisle seat , Mr . Smith ?
I want an aisle seat as close to the exit door as possible , please .
Very well . Do you have any bags to check ?
No , I just have this one small bag .
Here you are , seat 12c . Please go to gate 23 after passing through the security checkpoint .
Thank you .
Have a nice day .
Ahh ... What a fine day ! I do feel like an outdoor exercise .
How about taking a walk in the park ?
OK . It ' s delightful to have a walk in the park with the air so fresh .
( After they enter the park ) Oh , it's so quiet here . We have the park to ourselves , only you and me !
Don't you see many people over there ? Just on your left .
Oh , I see them . Some are doing Taijiquan , some are performing swordplay , some are practising the Chinese Wushu .
Hello , this is Hilton Hotel . How may I help you ?
Hi . I would like to make a reservation on this Friday .
OK . What kind of room do you want ? We have single rooms , twin rooms , double rooms and suites available on Friday .
I want a single room with ocean view . Do you have one ?
Let me check . Yes .
OK . I will take it .
When do you check in ? How long are you planning to stay ? Do you have any special requirements ?
I guess I am going to arrive at 9:00 in the morning and I would like to leave at 200 in the afternoon on Sunday . Please give me a room away from the elevator . I hate noises while I am sleeping .
What's the matter ?
Checking out , please .
Can I have your keys , please ? Thank you . Here's your statement .
Excuse me . What are these charges ?
Oh , these are the phone charges and these are for something from the bar .
Wait a minute . I made a phone call , but I never made a connection .
I know , sir . Those aren't telephone company charges . Those are hotel charges .
Isn't that a bit excessive ?
I'm sorry , sir . It's our policy .
OK . Here is the money .
Peter , it's time to get up .
Ten more minutes , mom .
What time is it now ?
It's already 3 8 o'clock .
Which one of them is Marys brother ?
The one with a very big nose .
I'd like to meet him . Will you introduce him to me ?
I am a student in Cambridge University . I read your ad , I want to know something more about your room , please ?
It's a big bedroom with a drawing room , facing a beautiful wood .
Is there a bathroom ?
No , but there is one downstairs , which my daughter used some years ago .
It sounds good . Could I go and see it myself ?
Certainly , you're welcome anytime .
See you later !
( after a while ) Good afternoon , Mrs . Smith . I called you just now .
Welcome ! Come in , please !
Yes .
This way please . Your room is upstairs ... Here it is .
Wonderful ! A modest , comfortable room . Ah , a beautiful window , through which I can see a beautiful scene , and hear the birds singing . How nice !
Yes , if you want to wash something , there is a separate lavatory room outside .
Excellent ! I like it ! When can I move in ?
Anytime you like .
Is this the counter to pick up parcels ?
Yes , it is .
I want to pick up my parcels .
Please show me your parcel order .
OK . Here you are .
Let me check your parcel number . Song Ping's parcel number should be CP 06230221 5 CN . Here is your parcel .
Thank you .
Doctor , save my baby , please
What symptoms does he have ?
He has had a fever for one day . Just now at home , he had febrile convulsions with teeth and fists clenched and eyes turned up . We were at a loss what to do . We called an ambulance and brought the baby here .
How long did the convulsion last ?
About 3 minutes .
Does he have any other complaints ?
Three days ago , he began to cough , sneeze and have a running nose . Yesterday , he began to have a fever .
Have you taken his temperature ?
It was 38 ° C this morning and it was 39 ° C just now .
Let me examine him to see if there is any rash . No rash .
Is it serious ? Is it meningitis ?
No , it is not meningitis . Just a high fever and convulsions , which results from a virus upper respiratory tract inflection .
Does he have to be admitted to hospital ?
No . No need for admission . I'll give the baby analgia nose drops to bring down the temperature first . Then I will give you a prescription . The pink tablets are used for his fever . When his temperature is over 38 ° C , give him one tablet . The other tablets are sedatives for his convulsions . The white liquid is for the cold . Give the baby plenty of water to drink .
I've brought this dress back to exchange it .
That's not a problem . Leave it with me , and find something that you like .
I was hoping you'd have something on sale today .
We have nothing on sale today . But we're having a big sale next weekend .
Is the sale going to include dresses ?
Everything you can see will be on sale .
I like the sound of that . I'll just come back next weekend .
All right . I want to bring everybody in on this project . When can we start working on this ?
Well , we could probably get started with a strategy meeting tomorrow morning at 8
I tell you what , 800 is no good for me , but why don ' t you guys get started and I ' ll come by at around 8
What are you reading ?
Oh , it ' s the latest novel by Ray Blue . It ' s a sic-fi thriller .
I thought he usually wrote horror books .
He does . He ' s good at this genre too . It ' s a captivating read .
We ' re going to the bookshop . Would you like to join us ?
Yes , I would . I need to buy a textbook for my course and , as you know , I love browsing through the latest paperbacks .
Me too . I need something to read on the flight to New York . I can never sleep on planes . Sarah wants to pick up some children ' s books for her daughter .
I want to look at nelson Mandela ' s autobiography .
Have you worked out the offers . Mr . Thou ?
Yes , we have . Here's our CIF quotation sheet . Please have a careful look .
Are the prices on the list firm offers ?
Yes . All the quotations on the list are subject to our final confirmation .
I wonder whether there are any changes in your prices .
All these products are our best-selling lines . The prices of our products will change according to that of the international market demand . And we are always open to negotiate , especially on larger orders . What do you have in mind ?
How long does your offer remain valid ? I need some time to get my supervisors on board with this plan .
Billy , you don ' t look too well . Maybe you should take the day off school .
But Mom ! Today we ' re playing football ! I love football !
You ' Ve got a fever and playing football isn ' t a good idea for a boy with a fever . What ' s that on your arm ?
I don ' t know . It was there when I woke up this morning .
It ' s rash . I ' d better take you to see the doctor . How did you get that bruise on your leg ?
I bashed it against the chair in my room .
Does it hurt ?
A little , but not much .
Here . Put this wet towel on your face to keep your temperature down . I ' ll take you to the doctor ' s after breakfast .
If I ' m better this afternoon , can I go to school ?
So that concludes the introduction . Now let's move to the first part of my talk , which is about 2006 fiscal year marketing plan . So first , right off the bat , When looking at the marketing plan , tell me some of the goals that we had set this year to begin with ...
We wanted to appeal to a younger set of consumers and also , in line with that goal , redo our image ...
Hi , Jane . How are you doing this morning ?
I ' m all right , thanks . Just a little tired .
Late night ?
Canton Hotel .
I'd like to reserve a double room . I will be arriving next Monday , the 12th . My name is Wilson .
A double room for the 12th ? The name is Wilson ?
Yes , that's right .
How long will you be staying ?
Three or four days , perhaps longer .
Did you see the picture of the guy on the front page of the newspaper this morning ?
No . I haven't had a chance to read the paper yet .
you've got to see it . It's an unbelievable picture !
What's so interesting about it ?
Well , this guy fell asleep on the sofa and when he woke up , half his face had been bitten off !
What ? How did that happen ?
They think his dog was trying to wake him up and couldn't , so ended up biting him in his face .
Wow . What does his look like now ?
It looks pretty frightening . He doesn't have any lips , so all you can see are his gums and teeth . Most of his nose and chin are missing too .
What did he look like before his dog bit his face off ?
He was actually quite handsome . What a shame .
What's he going to do now ?
Good afternoon . May I help you ?
Yes , I ' m here to see Joanna Stevens . I have an appointment at four .
Certainly , may I take your name ? I ' ll let her know you ' Ve arrived .
Sure , it ' s Josh O ' Neil .
Ms . Stevens will be with you momentarily . Can I offer you something to drink ?
Yes , a coffee would be nice , thank you .
Good morning . Madam . What can I do for you today ?
Hello . I hope you can help me ; I'm a little worried about my new card .
What seems to be the problem ?
I received my new card this morning , but I'm unable to use it .
Oh ? You mean , the ATM machine has eaten it ?
No , it's right here , see ? The ATM will not accept it !
You said you received your card this morning , am I right ?
Yes . I was told it would be activated and ready to use right away . So , what's gone wrong ?
Did you receive your PIN number yet , Madam ? You see , unless you have your new PIN number , to match your new card , you cannot use it . We usually send that separately , around one day after the card , for security reasons .
Are you interested in mountaineering ?
Yes , in some sense . I should say I like mountain climbing , you know , because I'm not so professional . How about you
I'm the same with you , an amateur mountain climber . I went climbing in the Rocky Mountains with my friends last summer vacation . We spent two days in the mountains .
How did you spend the night there ?
We pitched a tent in the night , waiting for the sunrise . Wow ! It was too beautiful .
I had a similar experience , but that was on the top of Tasha Mountain in my country .
Tasha Mountain ? It's very famous in China , isn't ?
Yes . It is one of the Five Mountains .
I want to climb Tasha Mountain this summer vacation . Would you be my guide ?
I would like to open an account please .
Do you have any form of ID ?
I have my Tennis Club card . Is that good enough ?
I ' m afraid not . It has to be a passport or a valid driver ' s license .
Oh ... wait a minute ... here ' s my driver ' s license .
OK , just fill in this application . You can sit over there . This brochure explains our services . We have free checking , and you will be given a debit card and on ATM card . There is no service
John , it ' s time to get up .
It can ' t be time to get up yet .
It is . Hurry up ! You ' ll be late for school .
What ' s the time ?
It ' s nearly half past seven .
My watch says ten past .
It ' s slow . Hurry up ! The bus goes at twenty to eight .
Are you sure half past seven ?
Positive . I ' ll put the radio on .
It ' s only seven o ' clock . Your watch is fast .
No , it isn ' t . It ' s stopped . I forgot to wind it up last night .
Do you have a swimming pool in this hotel ?
We don't have a swimming pool , sir , but we do have swim stations in the gym .
I never heard of a swim station . Is that like a train or bus station ?
It's just a deep bathtub with a current of water that you swim against .
Holy cow ! I never heard of such a thing . How much do they cost ?
As a guest , sir , you pay nothing .
This sounds better every second . Now , when can I use the stations ?
If you want to swim , you can visit the gym any day between 7 a . m . and 10 p . m .
Oh , boy ! This is going to be great . I'm going to the gym right now !
What is my prime responsibility in daily work ?
Your main job is serving the clients and giving them what they want .
What other things do I need to know ?
You'd spend 30 % of your time on the computer . You may be bored with a job like that .
Quality is very important to us . We work to very low tolerance levels . We need to have guaranteed supplies of consistently high quality raw materials . Over the years we've built up very good relationships with our suppliers .
Do you have many different suppliers ?
Good evening , Mr . Lee and thank you for choosing our airline . We have just discovered that this flight is overbooked . Would you like to volunteer to give up your seat ?
Overbooked ? Give up my seat ? I don ' t understand .
From time to time we have a situation in which there are more passengers than there are seats on the aircraft . That ' s overbooked .
I know what overbooked is , I just don ' t understand how that could happen ?
Actually it ' s a common practice to overbook , as passengers often don ' t take their flight as scheduled . Most of the time there is no problem but today , more passengers arrived than we have seats ,
So who has to stay behind ?
Well , first we ask for volunteers . If someone like yourself volunteers , they receive a free round trip ticket to be used within one year . If no one volunteers we just have to select someone .
We came too early . There're still three hours before the performance starts .
I know . Sorry , I shouldn't have rushed you , but I just couldn't stay at home and wait .
Never mind . What about taking a look around the theater ?
Why not ? I'd love to do that .
Here we go . There is a museum of the Beijing Opera art .
Wow . Look at this . So delicate and beautiful . Did ancient Chinese people really wear them ?
Not really . They are just opera costumes . Do you like the embroidery ?
I surely do . They must have had advanced machine in ancient China to do that .
No , no , no . They are all handmade , girl . You know , the ancient Chinese women were supposed to be good at needlework .
Good afternoon , ma'am . May I help you ?
Yes . Can I deposit valuables here ?
Of course , you can . Please put your articles in this bag and seal it .
OK .
Thank you . Here is your tag .
Would you tell me the rate per day for depositing my bag ?
Sure , madam . Only one dollar .
When does the cloakroom close ?
This cloakroom is open until 10 p . m .
Oh , dear ! I won't be back until about 11:30 tonight . Where can I pick up my bag ?
We will transfer your bag to the Lobby Floor Cloakroom . You may collect it there , madam .
I see . Thanks a lot .
Excuse me , Dr . Steward , I wonder if I could talk with you about my paper .
Yes , of course . When ?
Will you be free this afternoon , say from 3 to 4 ?
I want to send some money to Australia . Could you handle it for me ?
Yes , madam , how much would you like to remit ?
2,000 AD $ .
Which would you like to remit , by mail or by cable ?
What is the difference between them ?
The cable will take less time for your account , in the meantime , the regular service charge is also higher than that of the mail one .
Well , I think the cable is better .
OK , please fill in the application form giving the name and address of beneficiary , your name and telephone .
All right . Here you are .
Everything is OK . The commission is 50 yuan .
I would like to order a waistcoat .
Have you chosen the material ?
Yes , I want it to made of tweed .
Fine . And the charge is $ 100 .
When will it be available ?
Please come in and sit down . I'm happy to finally meet you .
Same here . I've been looking forward to this .
I ' m sorry I kept you waiting so long . I'm running a little late today .
No problem . That happens to all of us , it goes badly with the traffic .
Thank you . Can I offer you some refreshment ?
Hi , I would like to return this TV .
Sure , do you have the receipt ?
Yeah here you go . Actually I also want to return this keyboard .
Ok . may I ask what is the reason for returning these products ?
The TV flickers a lot when I am watching a movie and at times the image is not very clear .
I see , and what about the keyboard ?
I spilled some coffee on it and now it won't work .
I am sorry mam , but we can only exchange or refund defective products , we cannot take responsibility for misuse or damages .
My warmest congratulations on your promotion !
Thanks . It ' s nothing special actually .
Don ' t say that . It owes to your efforts and team spirit .
Oh , it was nothing . Anyone could have done it . I still have a lot to learn yet .
You are very modest . Best luck in your new position .
Yes , sir . May I help you ?
Please I'd like a ticket to New York .
For today ?
No , early saturday morning .
We have a flight that we'll put you there at ten AM . Is that ok ?
Nothing earlier ? I prefer flight at nine thirty .
I'm afraid not , unless you want a night flight .
No , exactly not
How about afternoon ?
Hi ! Fiona ? I almost didn't recognize you . You are much thinner since I last saw you .
Yes . I have lost about ten kilos .
How did you do it ?
I am on a diet . And I do more exercise regularly .
What's the secret then ?
It lies in perseverance .
Well . It's hard for me . I can't keep doing exercise .
May , is this the Hall of Ancient China ?
Yes . Look at these historical relics here , amazing !
Why are they all in glass boxes ?
For protection . Some relics will turn to dust if exposed to air .
So there isn't air in the glass boxes ?
No , there isn't . They are all vacuumed .
I wonder how old these things are , thousands of years ?
Yeah , they all come from a very ancient time .
Hey , look at the three-leg cup . I've seen it on TV .
The bronze cup was made 4,000 years ago . It's priceless !
Yeah , it has no value at all . Who will use this cup today ?
Danny , priceless means so valuable that you can't put a price on it .
Were you a leader when you were in college ?
Yes . I was Propaganda department minister of our university .
Did you get any honors or awards at your university ?
No . It ' s a pity about it .
Were you involved in any club activities at your university ?
Yes . I was a member of the basketball Society . I like playing basketball .
What extracurricular activities did you usually take part in at your college ?
Can you tell me , Ms . Smith , about the training programs you initiated this year ?
We ran a call center training service and language program to ensure that our customer service representatives are well trained .
What ' s the result ?
We directly attribute an increase in our customer service feedback of 50 % to the increase in language skills and training that our employees have received .
That seems very impressive . Good work !
Excuse me . We're leaving today . I'd like to pay our bills now .
OK . By the way , I'd like to tell you that the check-out time is 12
I see .
Have you used any hotel services this morning or had breakfast at the hotel dining room , Mr . Green ?
Yes , my friend and I just had breakfast at the dining room , but we didn't use any services .
How about the charge for the days you shared the room with your friend ?
Please add to my account .
The total for the eight days is five hundred sixty yuan .
We need to call an emergency meeting as soon as possible about this .
OK . Let me send a memo around .
Schedule it for this afternoon , when Ken gets back .
I don ' t think he ' s back today .
Oh , that ' s right . Go ahead anyways . I ' ll fill him in . We can ' t lose this order under any circumstances !
Is this the baggage claim area for flight KB256 ?
Yes , we are on the same plane .
But I am a transfer passenger . I have a connecting flight to Miami .
So you have to bring your baggage to the transfer check-in area .
Yes . It ' s quite troublesome .
But Ernie , we're still missing something . We need someone to play the music !
Oh right ... you know , my friend Eric is a DJ . Maybe he would like to play with us .
Hmm ... does he have a good ear for hip hop music ?
Oh , gosh ! I feel everything around me is against me .
Don't take it too hard . There are some tips you should know in job-hunting of 2010 .
Well , I am all ears . Maybe they are helpful .
Firstly , you must always show your best to the interviewer . And secondly , try to avoid spamming through e-mails , because this will make the reader go crazy . The last but not the least , there is no substitute for pounding the pavement in such a digital age .
I understand what you mean , and I will not upset myself . Face it .
Good afternoon . Is this the Roley Hotel ?
Yes , madam . May I help you ?
Yes . I ' m calling from Westwood and Westwood Attorneys . I need to make a reservation for Mr . Alex Brent .
I'm after some chinese incense burner ? How's this one ?
How's this one ?
Oh , I need a small one , otherwise my luggage will be overweight .
What about this one ?
Tom , it's time for you to go to bed .
Good night , mum .
Excuse me . Could you please tell me how to get to the nearest cinema ?
Turn left at the second light . You can't miss it .
Will it take me long to get there ?
No . It's not far at all .
Thank you very much .
Excuse me , I ' m sorry to trouble you . My name is Susan Ransom , and I have placed several orders with you company .
Yes , Mr . Ransom ? This is Karl Miller . How may I help you ?
Well , I wonder if you could track an order I placed with you last month . It hasn ' t arrived yet .
I would like to speak to you , if you don ' t mind .
What would you like to speak to me about ?
I would like to talk to you about this year ' s election .
Is that right ?
I am a volunteer for this year ' s campaign .
That ' s wonderful . I am impressed at someone so young taking a stand .
I know history is about to be made , and I would like to be a part of it .
That ' s fantastic .
Are you planning on voting ?
I ' m going to vote .
Go to your polling place early on Election Day .
Would you help me figure out what to do about the office party ?
I would be happy to help . What would you like me to help with , food or entertainment ?
I would like to help you with both .
That will work out fine . To make sure everything goes together , do you think this party should be casual or dressy ?
A dressy party would be fun !
That will work out fine . Do you think that Chinese or Continental food would be best ?
We should probably have both .
Yes , that will work out fine . Should we hire a band or bring in a DJ ?
Maybe we could do both !
Smells good ! What ' s for breakfast ?
Well , since we are getting up so late , I decided to make a big breakfast !
Nice ! Brunch !
Kind of , so I made scrambled and soft boiled eggs , some french toast and buttermilk pancakes !
Wow ! You really went all out ! Did you make any coffee ?
Yeah , just the way you like it ! I also put out some cereal and muesli if you feel like having something more light .
Looks good ! I ' ll squeeze us some fresh orange juice .
Come in , please .
Good morning ! I am Anna Lu . I've come for an interview which was arranged .
Oh , I see . I am Jack White , Personnel Manager . Take a seat , please .
Glad to meet you , Mr . White .
Miss Lu , have you got any experience in restaurant service ?
Yes . Since I entered college , I have been working at a fast food restaurant as a part-time waitress .
For how long ?
3 years .
Our restaurant receives a lot of foreign customers . Can you serve them in English ?
That's why I applied for this job . Now I am studying Hotel English in my college , and I am quite familiar with the western courtesy and restaurant etiquette . I am sure my public relation skills will leave a strong impression on your customers .
You must know our working hours are very long and overtime work is frequent .
I don't mind that .
I think I will give you a 3 months ' trial . The salary for this period is 800 yuan a month with no bonus . After that period if we both feel satisfied , a formal contract would be signed .
When am I supposed to start working ?
Next monday . Bring your resume and diploma with you .
Yes , I will . Thank you , Mr . White . Goodbye !
Congratulations , Francis . Your hard working finally pays off . I am so happy for your promotion .
Thanks , Monica . Without support from you and other colleagues , I would not have made it .
I hope I could get promoted some day . Tell me about your experience , ok ?
Well , just saying that you wanted to get promoted is not enough , you need to write down your desirable position and an available plan for achieving that adjective . Don ' t be afraid of taking challenging . They might be opportunities and failing is not fatal . You learn more from that actually . Sometimes , you need to fail to be successful .
How do you think if I volunteer for some work ?
Cindy . We were going to try to surprise you for your birthday . But you ' re just too busy ! Can you tell me when you ' ll be free ?
Oh , Brian . That ' s really sweet of you guys . I would love to get together with all of you . How about Friday ?
Great ! What time ?
I want to find a job in your bank as an accounting clerk .
Do you know various funds and accounts ?
Yes , I enjoy working with that .
How slowly you drive !
I'm sorry . Something is wrong with my taxi .
Where does it go wrong ?
Let me stop my car for check . Oh , my god . I got a flat tyre .
Can it keep going ?
Well , it's illegal to bring food and drinks into the theater .
Too bad . I did anyway .
No wonder you brought such a big bag today .
I brought Strawberry Sticks . See ?
Those are the ones that are pre-dipped in sweet coating !
Oh , come on , Ultraman !
What's up , Bro ? What's in the bulletin ?
It says that there will be a blackout from 5 p . m . to 7 p . m . in our neighborhood today .
Blackout ? Even the TV has the limit .
Don't you know you will look like a monster in the blackout ?
Oops , no , Daddy can't watch American Idol , either !
That's not the point . Come on , can you imagine that there will be no electricity on such a hot day ?
Oh , my god ! No air-conditioner !
OK , since you are the smart one , can you come up with a better plan ? So that we won't be baked like cookies here .
How about playing Barbie out there in the neighborhood ?
Barbie ? You know , I might be seven , but I'm not a girl .
Do you have a better plan ?
I can ' t make out anything , the words are too light . I thought they have already changed the toner cartridge this month .
It seems not or somebody has recently received a large fax .
Ok , no problem . We do it ourselves .
Do you know how to do it ? I am not so good at machine things . I will have somebody do it as soon as possible .
no , no , you helped me with my computer last week . I want to repay the favor .
no , it's definitely my turn to treat you ... you paid last time !
oh , that was just a quick bite to eat---that doesn't count !
ok , ok , how about we just go Dutch ? It's settled . Listen , I'm still pretty new around here , would it be alright if you found the restaurant ?
Good morning , Mr Zhang , I wonder whether you have got an answer from your superior .
Yes , we had a meting about it yesterday afternoon .
What's the answer ?
We decided that we could agree to your price , but we are a bit worried about the slow delivery .
Let me see . I quoted your delivery in three months , didn't I ?
Yes , but we hope that the wool could reach us as soon as possible .
I thought you would be worried about it . So I rang Auckland last night . As you are our biggest customer , they agreed to ship the order on the first vessel available that will leave Auckland next month .
Good , if you agree we'll draft the agreement right away and sign it then .
Did you lock the doors ?
All except the back door . I left that open for Tim . He took the dog for a walk .
Well , I'm going on to bed . I'm beat .
Okay . I'm going to stay up a while . I've got to go over the household budget . We're a little overspent this month .
Please tell Tim to close the door to the basement . I don't want the dog down there tonight .
How do I submit an expense report ?
You need all your receipts for reimbursement .
You mean I have to attach the receipts with the expense report ?
Isn't it past your bedtime already ?
I am not sleepy .
It's getting late , and you have to wake up early tomorrow .
There is no way that I can fall asleep right now .
Try listening to some soft music .
It won't work . I'm nowhere close to being tired .
I really don't care , just go to sleep .
What if I stay up and do something , until I get tired ?
You'll be up all night if I let you do that .
I'm going to get to sleep eventually .
You need to go to sleep now , so go to sleep .
Why are you reading the classifieds ? What do you need ?
I'm looking for a bookcase , but I don't want to buy a new one .
Are you having any luck ?
Not really . There aren't any used bookcases listed . But there are a few rummage sales on Saturday . I think I'll go to them .
Do you mind if I go with you ?
Not at all . These private sales are great places to bargain . And sometimes you can find terrific things among all the junk .
I learned to negotiate from my mother . I thought I was pretty good at bargaining , but I had a problem the other day at Kimble's Department Store .
What happened ?
Would you like something to drink ?
Yes please . Do you have any teas ?
Of course we have lots of teas ?
What do you recommend ?
What about a green tea or perhaps a jasmine tea ?
What ' s this one ?
That ' s Oolong tea -- it ' s a Cantonese tea .
Hi . I need more amenities , please .
Could you be a little more specific , sir ?
Well , to be more specific , the free stuff , like soap , lotion , and shampoo .
I understand . Now , you're saying that you've already used up all your amenities ?
Oh , no ! I've got all I need for my stay here .
So , what's the problem ?
I need souvenirs !
You want some souvenirs !
Yes , yes . Souvenirs .
But , sir , our souvenir shop carries all those items .
That's not the same thing . If you buy hotel souvenirs , they have no sentimental value .
Can I help you , sir ?
Yes , I'd like to look at some suits .
Oh , this way please . What size do you wear ?
Size 41 . I want something in dark flannel .
How about this one ?
It feels all right . But if it were a darker color , I'd like it better . This seems too light for winter . Do you think you could get me one ?
All right . I'll show you something darker . Do you like this one ?
It looks good . But can I try it on ?
Of course . Let me help you .
Thanks . It's comfortable . Well , how much is it , please ?
$ 280 .
How many languages can you speak ?
Besides Chinese , I can speak English and French .
You mean you can read and write both of them ?
No , I can only carry on a simple conversation in French .
Can you read and write English well ?
I can speak the language better than read and write .
Do you speak the language well enough to communicate with people of English-speaking countries ?
I think so . I used to be an interpreter .
Do you think your English is good enough to do desk work ?
I'm going to buy a new living room set .
Where are you going to buy one ?
I'm really not sure .
You like my living room set , don't you ?
Where did you buy it ?
I found mine at IKEA .
Are they expensive ?
Everything I got from IKEA cost me a couple thousand .
Is the furniture crafted well ?
The furniture isn't built cheap .
I'll pay the money , as long as I'm getting what I pay for .
I'd like to make sure my plane reservation is in order .
May I have your flight number , please ?
World Airlines , Flight 201 .
And your name , please ?
John Anderson .
Yes , sir . You're booked on Flight 201 , leaving in one hour .
Hello , ma ' am . Can I help you ?
I ' m looking for a sweater .
What size are you looking for ?
Well , I ' m looking for size 10 but you don ' t have it .
How about this one ? I think it looks terrific on you .
Yes , I like the color . Can I try it on ?
Sure . The fitting room is on your right .
It fits well . I like it a lot . What do you think ?
You look pretty in red .
Oh , it ' s my favorite . How much is it ?
$ 29 . 99 .
Okay . I ' ll take it . Thank you very much for your help .
Good Morning . What can I do for you ?
Good Morning , I have a bad cough , and I want to see an internist .
Do you have a registration card ?
No , I don ' t . I ' m a tourist .
Then you need to register as a new patient . Can I have a look at you ID card ? I need your name , age , occupation , address and contacting number .
Here you are .
Thanks . Which kind of medicine do you prefer , western medicine or traditional Chinese medicine ?
I ' d like to try traditional Chinese medicine . I heard it really works quite well if you know what you're doing .
Hello , this is Steven from Blue Sky Co . May I speak to Mr . James ?
Speaking .
Excuse my troubling you . You purchased our products last year and now I am following up to find out about their workings . Are they still in good condition now ?
Yeah , exactly ! I bought them last year . En ... at present , they are still in good state .
That's it ! All of them have first-class quality and performance . Besides , we adopt advanced technology . Now we have developed new products . They are much better than what you have bought .
Your company is developing so fast . Maybe later on I will plan to buy more .
That's great ! Thanks for your support . If any , please remember to call us . I am afraid I have to say goodbye now ! Bye , Mr . James !
My name is Mary , and I will be your waitress tonight .
Thank you , Mary . We have been looking forward to trying out this restaurant .
Before your main course , would you like to order an appetizer ?
Sure , that sounds great . Where are your appetizers listed ?
There is a special appetizer menu right here in the center of the table .
The chicken and cheese quesadilla looks good . Is that pretty good ?
You know , that is one of my favorites !
OK , I'll take one order of that .
You could choose another appetizer for half price to share .
Excuse me . Do you speak English ?
Yes , I do . How can I help you ?
Well , I've just arrived in my room , but there are no instructions in English about the facilities available ! Could you help me for a moment ?
Of course not . What exactly would you like to know ?
First , what is the number for room service ?
It's 1200 . Room service is available 24 hours a day .
Very good . Now , could you help me to adjust the air conditioning , please ? It's too hot in my room .
Yes , the control unit is on the wall next to the bathroom . Is 24 ° C all right ?
Yes , that's perfect . Another thing , if need more items for the mini-bar , which Number should I call ?
You should call the Housekeeping Department on 2300 . They will replace any stock for you immediately .
I see . So , is it possible to make international phone calls from my room ?
That's no problem . Just dial 9 to get an outside line , and then dial the number as usual .
Well , thanks a lot for your help .
No problem , sir . If there's anything else you need , you can find me at the desk by the elevator , or you can call housekeeping if I'm not there .
OK , goodbye .
What are you doing ?
I ' m trying to put the vase on the shelf .
Let regive you a hand .
What do you think of the project ?
Very interesting . Thank you for bringing it to us .
Are you interested in making this investment ?
Well , Mr . Smith . That ' s a nasty infection you have .
Yes . Is there anything you can give me to get rid of it , Doctor ?
I ' m going to prescribe some antibiotics , and some cream to ease the itching and burning .
OK . Thank you . Where should I buy them ?
The pharmacy will give you a discount since you came to the clinic .
Great . What floor is the pharmacy on ?
The fourth . I ' ll send the prescription down there , so you can just pick it up on your way out .
Please give me a piece of ' New York Daily ' .
You are late . The last piece has sold out .
Really ? Is there ' Wall Street Journal ' , please ?
There are several , take a piece . The crash appears in the headline . It is famous for offering catastrophe stories .
I have a long flight for ten hours . I need to choose a magazine .
There are various magazines in the rack .
Give me the latest issue of ' National Geographic ' .
That's the top magazine in America and is popular with young people . OK . It is totally 30 dollars .
Here you are .
It's your turn to go first .
I went first last time .
No , Mary went first last time .
Hello , how are you doing today ?
I ' Ve been having trouble breathing lately .
Have you had any type of cold lately ?
No , I haven ' t had a cold . I just have a heavy feeling in my chest when I try to breathe .
Do you have any allergies that you know of ?
No , I don ' t have any allergies that I know of .
Does this happen all the time or mostly when you are active ?
It happens a lot when I work out .
I am going to send you to a pulmonary specialist who can run tests on you for asthma .
Harry , come here immediately !
What ?
Don't take that tone with me ! I saw you hit your brother .
No ! He hit me first .
Mom , will you have time to help me with my homework today ?
Emergency road service . May I help you ?
I have a flat tyre .
All right . What's your membership card , please ?
489 3362 1978 .
And your name ?
Eve .
What's the expiration date on your card ?
It's July 16,2009 .
Where is your car now ?
It's on the west street , near Royal Hotel .
And which direction were you going ?
I was going west .
What is the make and model of your car ?
BMW 530 .
What color is it ?
It's red .
What's your licence plate number ?
SAY 201 .
We need to take the accounts system offline to carry out the upgrade . But don't worry , it won't cause too much inconvenience . We're going to do it over the weekend .
How long will the system be down for ?
We'll be taking everything offline in about two hours ' time . It'll be down for a minimum of twelve hours . If everything goes according to plan , it should be up again by 6 pm on Saturday .
Hello . Mr . Othman ? This is Michael in Mr . Emory ' s office . He ' d like to set up and appointment with you to talk about buying a new copier .
Sure , I ' d be glad to . What time frame did he have in mind ?
He ' d like to do it as soon as possible , sir . How about tomorrow at 2:45 ?
Oh , I ' m staving . I ' d like to try some real Chinese cuisine . What would you recommend waiter ?
Well , depends . You see , there are eight famous Chinese food cuisines , for instance , sichuan cuisine and HUNAN cuisine .
There're all spicy or hot of heard .
That ' s right . If you have hot dishes , you can try some .
It might be too hot for me .
And there are Cantonese cuisine and Kiangsu cuisine .. Most people like them .
What about any special Beijing dishes ?
There ' re Beijing roast duck .
OH , yes . I heard of a lot of about it . I like very much to try it . Where can I find it ?
You can find it in most restaurant . The best place certainly is Quanjude restaurant .
Is it near here ?
Not too near but not too far either . A taxi will take you there in fifteen minutes . the traffic is not too bad , I mean .
Well , thank you for your information . What ' s the name of that restaurant again ?
Let me write it down on a piece of paper for you . You can show to the taxi driver .
Hello , Can I speak to Tom , please ?
I'm afraid he is not in at the moment .
May I ask what time he will come back ?
I think he will come back at 3 p . m . Do you want to call later ? Or would you like to leave a message for him ?
I'd like to leave a message . Please ask him to call me back as soon as he returns . I'm A and he has my number .
OK . I will do that .
Thank you very much . Bye .
What would you have ?
I'll try Chinese wine .
What about this dry red ? It's good indeed , it never goes to the head .
OK . Give me one , please .
Here it is .
Thank you .
Peter , go and tidy up your toys now .
Wait a moment , mom .
I'm mad ! I said now ! Turn off the TV , and do it now .
Mom , just ten more minutes . The show is going to be over soon .
How are you doing , Jim ?
Fine , just fine . How about you ?
Hello Mr . Jones , please have a seat . Thank you for coming in today . I have read your resume . You completed University in England ?
Yes , I went to Cambridge . After graduation , I started right away into the advertising industry . Later , I made a bit of a switch to focus on marketing research .
So , what experience do you have ?
I have ten years marketing experience . This includes both entry level and management positions . In my last position , I worked my way up to being director of the marking department .
I can see that from your resume . Your last position was marketing director for a pharmaceutical company , is that right ? Later , why did you decide to leave your former post ?
I felt after five years in one place , I was ready for something new . I would like to have a job that is challenging , something that I can see and do new things every day . I loved many things about my former job , and I left with amiable feelings on both sides . I was just ready for something new .
I see . Do you want to work full-time or part-time ?
I would rather work full-time .
I'll make note of that . Now , what are your salary expectations ?
Welcome to the McDonald's . What will it be for you , madam ?
One Big Mac and French Fries .
Is there anything else ?
Give me one coke , please .
Is this to go or to eat here ?
To go , please .
That comes to four dollars and ten cents .
And can I have some ketchup , please ?
Did you check before you left the shop ?
Yes , I did . But when I got home , my son put it on and we found the hole .
Really ? Let me have a look at it . Mm . OK . Let me change it for another one .
How may I help you today ?
I need to open a second account .
What kind of account would you like to open ?
I need another savings account .
Do you have another account with us ?
I sure do .
Would you like to transfer money from that account into your new one ?
That ' s fine .
How much would you like to transfer ?
Transfer $ 100 .
Give me a moment while I complete your transaction .
What are you doing here today ?
I would like to fight my ticket .
Is the arresting officer in the courtroom today ?
Yes , the officer is here today .
What's your case ?
I was pulled over for running a red light , but I never did .
Do you believe that the officer lied ?
There was a camera on the signal . So , he was obviously lying .
Your license plate was caught on camera ?
A picture of my license plate was never taken .
Since there is no picture of your license plate on record , I'm going to let you go .
Why is the car before us stopping ?
What's going on ?
Look . Two cars are standing right in the middle of the road and the drivers are shouting rude words to each other . That's why that car stops .
More and more people easily get irritated while driving .
I think that you look very cute today .
Is that right ? This is a brand new outfit .
What store did you get it from ?
I went to Macy's and picked it out .
I love your outfit right now .
Well , I think you look nice today too .
Thanks . I found these new shoes earlier at the store .
I think that those are some really nice shoes . What kind are they ?
These are Chucks .
Your shoes look really nice . How much did you get them for ?
They only cost me about forty dollars .
Could you help me with these books ?
My hands are full . Can ' t you see that ?
Please , George .
Excuse me . I have just missed the connection plane due to the heavy fog in London . Can I change my ticket now ?
Please Show your ticket and passport .
Here you are .
Which flight do you want to change ?
Could I see the manager please ? I have a complaint to make .
Yes , I ' m the manager here . What can I do for you , Madam ?
Did you have the room checked before we move in ?
Which room are you in ?
1808 . The toilet doesn ' t work properly ; the water doesn ' t run in the shower .
shall we dance ?
sure . i suppose you dance much .
oh . no as a matter of fact , i haven't danced for a long time .
but i can see you dance wonderfully well .
thanks for flattering me .  i think you dance much right ?
no , just occasionally
oh , i like this music very much , let's tango .
Is everything to your satisfaction ?
No , the steak was recommended , but it is not very fresh .
Oh , sorry to hear that . This is quite unusual . I will look into the matter .
This is very annoying .
I'm sorry , sir . Do you wish to try something else ? That would be on the house , of course .
No , I don't risk it .
How about a delicious dessert then , with our compliment ?
I'm not keen on dessert as a habit . They are fattening .
Yes , emergency . There is a huge fire here .
Calm down , sir . What's your name and where are you now ?
My name is Jerry and we are on the intersection of West Road and East Road .
You're looking rather pale , why ?
I couldn't sleep well recently .
You'd get plenty of sleep for you work so hard .
I always drink too much wine in the evening .
You shan't drink more wine in the evening .
Yes , you are right .
And you'd take some exercise every day .
Ahhs ! I'm beat !
What happened to you ? You look like you got hit by a tornado !
I just got back from fighting the crowds .
You mean at the mall ? Was there a sale ?
Yeah . For five minutes , everything was half off . It was total chaos ...
Cool !
Right , let me run through your options . You can go ahead and cash your undue Large-Amount Deposit Certificate if you really want to , but I'd recommend a Personal Durable Commodities Loan .
OK , what does that entail ?
It's not too much trouble to do it this way and remember , your certificate is due in 2 months . If you can hold on to it , it'll be much better for your finances .
Yes , it does seem a little silly to cash it now . I'll probably need about 25,000 RIB . Will that be a problem ?
Not at all , Mr Zu . As the certificate is due in 2 months , you can get the loan on mortgage of that certificate .
I'm glad you thought of this . I'd have just gone ahead and cashed it ! And I suppose I can use the money from the certificate to pay back this Personal Durable Commodities Loan and I won't lose any interest , right ?
Exactly right . If you'd like to go ahead , I can process that for you now , Mr Zu .
I was really glad to hear about your award . Congratulations !
Thanks , Denise . Actually , I was really surprised . I mean , there were a lot of qualified people out there .
Sure . But the work you did was really exceptional ! You definitely deserved it !
Look , Mary ! There are so many people over there !
Oh , I remember , there is a job fair in the personnel market .
I have never been to the personnel market .
Really ? I have been there several times .
Are there many employers ?
Yes . The personnel market is a place specially for job-hunters and employers .
So there will be many large companies in the personnel market , right ?
Yes , there are many famous corporations .
When will there be a job fair ?
Every Saturday and Sunday
Do I need to pay to go into the personnel market ?
No , it's free .
How about going there to have a look now ?
Now people are talking about world recession which started more than a year ago . Can you give us your personal assessment of the situation of the global economy ?
As you know , we are in a very special time . This is a very hard time for many countries ' economics , both developed and developing . I think the current economic situation could be described as synchronized slowdown of major economies .
What is the direct impact of the terrorist attack upon your country's economy ?
Once the US economy is in trouble due to the terrorist attack , the impact could be quickly felt in the rest of the world .
What challenges is your country's economy facing at the moment ?
Come in and sit down .
Thanks , Mr . Liang .
Among all the assistants , I think you're on top of it . Based on the annual evaluation , the board of directors decided to give you a bonus .
Really ? I am too happy .
I've been reviewing your work over the past few months . Thanks to your excellent work , we benefit much from your project . And you should get the perfect attendance award too .
Thanks for your trust . Owing to my colleagues ' help , I've successfully completed my task .
You are very modest and diligent . The distribution of bonus derived from the performance evaluation . You deserve it .
Operator . May I help you ?
Yes . How do I get an outside line , please ?
Just dial 0 , wait for the dial tone , and then dial the phone number you want to call . Or we can place a call for you , if you want .
I like Chinese food .
I like Chinese food , too . I like dumplings best .
At school , we sometimes have Chinese food for lunch .
That's good . We eat Chinese food only at the Chinese restaurant .
My mother can make some Chinese food .
So , what do you plan to do today ?
There is a Matisse exhibition at the Museum of Modern Art . Larry and I will go .
Did you buy tickets already ?
No . Do we need tickets ?
Well , probably . Probably you will have to wait in line if you don't have tickets .
Outside or inside ?
Outside , on the sidewalk .
Hmm . It's very cold today . But I brought my jacket . Maybe it will be alright to wait .
The MYOMA is very popular . There will be a lot of people .
MYOMA ? What's that ?
Oh , sorry . It stands for the Museum of Modern Art . It's an acronym . M O M A MYOMA .
I see . Do you have any suggestions for other things we should do ?
I suggest you go to the Jewish Museum . It ' s not far from the Guggenheim , near Central Park . It is really very interesting . Also , there is a great museum of medieval European art further up north . It ' s called the Cloisters .
How can we get up there ?
You can take a bus .
What kind of place shall we rent ?
It should be close to the university . Neither of us are good at getting up in the mornings and closer it is , the later we can get up .
Absolutely . That's the most important thing to take into consideration . I'm not too worried about the size of the flat .
Neither am I . so a small place is ok , but we'll get a bigger one if it's not expensive . Do you mind if it's in a noisy area .
I don't mind . I'm not a light sleeper , but quieter is better for when we have to study at home .
Good point . Ok , let's go to the estate agent and see what they can offer us .
Yes , if we're lucky we'll find something in the next few days . I think you had a good idea to start flat hunting early .
How much do you think the rent will be ?
Excuse me . May I take you a picture ?
With pleasure .
Thanks you . Shall we stand a bit further ? I would like to take the tower in .
No problem .
That's OK . If you want the photo I will mail it to you .
Do you develop films here ?
Yes , we shall . What size do you like ?
Well , the 4 x 6 is fine .
Which do you prefer , color or black and white ?
The last one is black and white , all the rest should need color .
OK .
I hope they will come out well . When should I pick them up ?
They will be ready at noon tomorrow . Each negative develops one print , right ?
Yes , it is . And develop them as glossy as possible .
No problem . Do you need another film ?
Yes , a roll of Kodak film please .
Bob from accounting is on the line . Do you want to speak with him ?
Yes , I need to talk to him .
I'll put the call through then .
the air quality in this city is horrendous ! The pollution levels were so high that we weren't supposed to go outside with a face mask again !
exhaust fumes from vehicles cause a great deal of damage to the environment .
on top of that , there are a few large chemical factories in the suburbs , which are contributing to the high pollution levels in the water and the air in this city .
as much as I love this city , I think I'm going to have to find a greener city to live in . Living in a polluted city like this just can't be good for my health .
I know what you mean . However , there are so few places left that have not been affected by global warming . If it's not the pollution , then it's the natural disasters , deforestation , or the greenhouse
what is the greenhouse effect exactly ?
it's the gradual rise in the earth's temperature .
I see , so it's similar to global warming ?
they're related to one another , yes .
I heard that some people in England are pleased with the fact that the climate is becoming warmer because it's making their towns a more pleasant place to live .
people joke about the benefits of the increase in temperature , but it's not all good news . They've been experiencing a lot of deadly storms there as well .
people always seem to make jokes as a way to deal with unfortunate situations .
I think this spring is a good time for us to start looking .
We should plan to move out of here before July . I'm tired of living in apartments .
I know , dear . I am too . But we've just been too busy to look for a house .
We need to find a good realtor .
Not necessarily . If we use a realtor to find a house , it will be more expensive .
What do you mean ?
Realtors always get a commission . If the realtor helps us find something , we have to pay him .
But doesn't a realtor help with the contract ? I thought they take care of all the legal troubles .
Yes , that's often true . But you have to pay them .
I still think we should have a realtor . We ' re new in this country . We don't know all the laws of buying a house . And also , the realtor will inspect the house . He can tell us if the house has
Of course we need a home inspector . But we can hire an inspector on our own . And as for the legal problems , I have friends . They can help us .
So how can we find a house if we don't have a realtor ?
It takes a little more time . We have to check the ads in the paper . Probably also there are special real estate magazines with ads . Then we have to drive to the homes and look at them .
And doesn't the person selling the house have a realtor ?
Sometimes they do , sometimes they don't . It's best to find someone who is selling by themselves .
Why ?
Because if the seller has a realtor , their price will be higher . He will have to pay a commission to the realtor .
Hmm . It all sounds very complicated .
It is . But buying a house is very important . So it takes time . That ' s why we haven't done it yet . It's very troublesome .
I want to look in the papers today . Maybe we can see something we like .
Hello , Fred . What are you doing ?
I'm doing the business online .
Can you tell me the concept of e-commerce ? Now , many people mentioned the word , ' e-commerce ' , in front of me .
E-commerce , or Electronic Commerce is the practice of purchasing and selling products or services over the Internet .
What kinds of channels can you use in e-commerce ?
We can complete a trade by email , electronic data interchange and smart cards , and so on .
What are the benefits of e-commerce ?
Firstly , it can overcome the geographic limitation . And secondly , e-commerce can lower the internal costs . And thirdly , people like us , can also open stores on Internet .
What are we going to do ? I can't get the car out of this ditch . I'm stuck !
I'm worried , Tom . I haven't seen any other cars for almost an hour .
I know . This is terrible . What can we do ? This snow doesn't stop falling !
I told you we should have stayed in town today . The weather report said 100 percent chance of snow . Why did you want to come up here ?
I wanted to show you the cabin . We only had another half-hour to go .
Well , now we're stuck . What can we do ?
I don't know .
I've heard that when this happens , it's important to save energy .
What do you mean ?
We're stranded here , Tom . We may be here a long time . We need to conserve the gas in the car . The car's energy is what will keep us warm .
I have plenty of gas .
Yes , but the gas and the battery both have to stay working . We can't just let the car run and run . If we do , it will die soon . Then we'll freeze .
So what can we do ?
Turn the lights off . Then , run the car and the heater only about fifteen minutes every hour . That will conserve the heat as long as possible .
Alright . That's a good idea .
I wish we hadn't come up here . Now we'll probably be here for days .
Days ?
Yes , it happens . That is what happens in big snowstorms . People get stranded for days .
Oh , my God ! It's good we have food .
How much is your last salary ?
I have earned 10,000 a year including bonuses .
How much do you want us to pay you ?
What's the name of this street ?
University Street .
Do you know of any banks near here ?
The numbers in this table don't seem to be in accord with reality .
Can I borrow five bucks ?
No !
Come on ! I'll pay you back on Tuesday .
Last time I lent you money , you never paid me back .
I promise if you lend me five dollars today , I will repay you in full next week .
Ok , but I'm taking your skateboard as collateral .
Fine ! I can't believe you don't trust me .
Mr . Li , I come to remind you of the meeting scheduled at 11 o'clock this morning .
Oh , that's right . And the general manager asked me to report the company's sales for last year at the meeting .
By the way , the meeting will be held in your office .
OK , thank you very much .
What can I do for you today ?
I need to buy a new refrigerator today .
Were you looking at a particular refrigerator ?
I like that Kenmore refrigerator .
This particular refrigerator is a very good choice .
Tell me about it .
Not only is it affordable , but it comes with all the appliances .
What are the appliances .
It has an ice maker , water dispenser , and plenty of room on the inside .
I'd like to see it for myself .
Go right ahead .
How often does the bus run ?
Every five minutes .
Oh , here comes a bus !
I often sneeze after having a bad itch inside my nose . Sometimes this is accompanied by an itching throat .
Any other discomfort ?
Yes . Sometimes I can notice a constriction in the chest and shortness of breath after a fit of sneezing . And I often suffer from a running nose with a profuse watery discharge .
Does it occur seasonally or all year round ?
It has been seasonal during these past three years .
Are you sensitive to other things ?
Yes , things like seafood and penicillin-type drugs .
OK . Let me examine your nose . According to your case history and the examination , I believe that it's allergic rhinitis .
What useful treatment can you offer ?
We've been waiting here for nearly ten minutes now , and there still isn't a bus in sight .
I'm afraid we'll be late for the party .
Have you got the time , Tom ?
Yes , my watch says a quarter to seven . but there is something wrong with my watch !
But you bought it only last month .
Yes , but ever since I bought it , it gains about five minutes a day , so I ' Ve got to have it repaired .
How long will it take us to get there ?
I think about ten minutes by bus .
It's not far away , then . Let's walk , it's beginning to rain .
Hello , could I speak to Allison , please ?
I'm sorry ; he's out at the moment .
When do you expect him back ?
I think he'll be back in about an hour at least .
Well , may I leave a message ?
Yes , of course .
Would you please ask him to call Chris when he gets back ?
Ok . Does he know your number ?
I'm afraid he doesn't . My mobile is 139- 2477 - 4026 .
You seem to be upset . What ' s eating you ?
It ' s because of my son . Dick keeps getting on my nerves
Dick ? How come ? He used to be as meek as a lamb .
Yes , he used to be . But now he ' s drifting off track .
Could you give me some advice on how to bring up my son properly ?
He's a bright boy , isn't he ?
But he always wimps out of difficulty .
I'm about to run out of business cards . I need some new ones .
We can print as many as you like . Just tell me how many .
Two thousand should get me through the year .
Here's a form to get you started .
My old card is perfect , so all I want you to do is copy it exactly .
I think you'll be very pleased with how well we duplicate your old card .
... Here you go
Thanks . Come back here next Wednesday to pick up your order , please .
I'm sorry , but can you give me a three-day turnaround ?
How was your interview ?
Pretty good . The HR manager asked me the usual questions . Then he wondered why I had decided to leave my previous job .
What did you say ?
I told him that I hadn ' t got a raise for three years . I also told him that one of my best co-workers quitted her job because she had not been promoted for eight years .
Did he want to know the reasons ?
Yes . I told him that my boss made some excuses of the recession . But I thought he had a pattern and a record of promoting men only .
That ' s sex discrimination . When will you get the reply ?
In a couple of days , I was told .
Wish you good luck !
Long time no see , George !
Yes , a very long time .
What brings you here ?
Lily , I am terribly sorry about this . But we have to put off or cancel tomorrow's meeting .
Cancelled ? That's just can't happen !
Sorry to say , but nothing can be done . The equipment broke down and can't be fixed till Friday .
Hello , Mary .
Oh , hello , Tom ! Beautiful day , isn ' t it ?
We are here .
OK . How much is the fare ?
The total is 45 yuan .
45 yuan ? It is too much , Are you sure ?
It is 45 yuan on the meter .
Is there something wrong with your meter ?
No . I am sure about that .
OK . Could you give me a receipt ?
Finance , Angie speaking .
Hi Angie , it ' s Tom Reynolds here . Can you tell me if my tuition fees for this semester have been approved ?
Yes , Mr . Reynolds . They were approved yesterday . You can pick up the check today .
Good morning , May . Good girl , you are reading English books again .
Good morning . There is no reason to miss so beautiful a morning . Is that a new bird ?
Oh , yes , my daughter bought it yesterday . We call her Lulu .
It looks so cute . Is it a parrot ?
Yes . Just look at her colorful feathers . What else can it be ?
I see . It's interesting that there is also a parrot in my English book . His mane is Polly .
Really ? A foreign parrot !
He can speak English , too .
Maybe you can teach Lulu some English words .
Marry Wang's Office , this is Marry .
Hi Marry , this is Tom .
How can I help you ?
Good afternoon , madam . Is there anything I can do for you ?
Yes , I spent so much time sightseeing here . It is already so late now . I am afraid I can't catch the last bus back to downtown .
Don't worry . I will try to get a taxi for you . You can take it to the bus station .
I am very grateful to your help .
Don't mention it . It is my duty .
David , we have been doing business for three years , haven't we ?
Yes , I'm glad we've had very pleasant cooperation in the previous years . And your achievement for promoting our clothes was great in the three years .
So , I wish to apply for the sole agency of your product in our local market . If you give us the agency , that will be more substantial for our cooperation .
To be frank , you are not the only one who applies for an agent for us in your country . I'd like to know some ideas of terms on which you would be willing to operate as our agent .
As we are a well-established company , we are very familiar with the customers ' needs . Besides , we can make full use of our good connections with the wholesalers and retailers here and develop a good market for your products if appointed as your agent .
Sounds reasonable . I will tell my boss about you agent application . Another question , what do you think is the minimum annual sales you can guarantee ?
To be on the safe side , and for garment of all materials , sizes , and styles , I think the amount will be 50,000 pieces a year .
Well . As our sole agency , you will neither handle the same or similar products of other origins nor re-export our goods to any other area outside your own .
I'd like to talk to Mr . White please ?
He stepped out of the office for a little while .
When is a good time to catch him ?
How can I help you ?
well , I'm looking for some summer clothes .
Oh , it is the right time for you purchasing in our clothes shop . We are now having a low price on all our summer apparel .
Really ? What's that ?
Everything for summer is 20 % off .
I like this T-shirt . Would you like to help me look for any skirts that go with it ?
Sure . We have both skirts and trousers that would look well with the T-shirt . Look at this section .
This one is good .
You have good taste . It is very much in style this year .
I'll take this one . How much are they ?
160 yuan .
Hey , buddy , can ' t you see there ' s a line ?
Oh , sorry . I didn ' t know .
What ? You haven ' t taken the bus before ?
No , I ' m afraid not .
Well , you have to wait in line like everyone else . Besides , you should let old people on first .
Sorry .
It ' s all right . Where are you going ?
I wanted to see the White House .
Oh , well you don ' t want this bus , anyway . It goes to Georgetown .
Oh , no .
It ' s all right , though . Just get off at the next stop and catch the 79A .
Oh , well thank you very much .
Can you develop the roll of film ?
Sure .
How long does it take ?
6 hours . If you are in a hurry we can develop it in 3 hours .
There are many art craft items in this shop . I suggest you take your time , and you might find something you like .
That's what I am going to do .
If you have any problem , please come to me .
I surely will . How much is this wood carving ?
You are an expert on it . That wood carving is very rare . But I'm so sorry . that is not for sell .
That's OK . Is anything else recommended ?
Do you have any special request ?
I'd like to see some traditional arts .
So that means you are shopping for presents ?
Yes , I'm just here to pick out some special presents for my foreign friends .
Actually , I think the paper-cuts is OK , because it is easy to carry and foreign friends are also interested in it . They think that is a miracle .
Sounds good . I'll take paper-cut .
I have collected different kinds of paper-cuts all over the country , you can pick the one you like best .
You collect them yourself ? I think that you are just doing the wholesale .
As a matter of fact , I open the shop because I'm interested in the arts . I spent lots of time doing research on the folk art of our country .
I ' m interested in teaching at your school .
Great . Are you a qualified teacher ?
Yes .
What kind of teaching certificate do you have ?
I have a TEFL certificate .
How many years of experience do you have ?
I have three years of teaching ESL and four years of teaching per-school children .
When did you get your TEFL certificate ?
I got my TEFL certificate three years ago .
Why do you want to teach at our school ?
Well , I ' Ve heard many good things about it . I also like teaching young children .
That ' s great . Can you speak Chinese ?
Yes , just a little .
Can you come in for an interview tomorrow at 10:00 ?
I sure can .
Holly ? Holly Madison , is that you ? You look great ! You haven't changed a bit .
Uh ... Andrew . Hello . I can't quite remember you .
It's me . The D-man ! I sat behind you in English . Are you and Taylor still dating ?
Um ... we never were . We're just friends .
Well , if you're not seeing anyone , maybe we could ...
Happy Birthday , this is for you , Brian .
I'm so happy you remember , please come in and enjoy the party . Everyone's here , I'm sure you have a good time .
Brian , may I have a pleasure to have a dance with you ?
Ok .
This is really wonderful party .
Yes , you are always popular with everyone . and you look very pretty today .
Thanks , that's very kind of you to say . I hope my necklace goes with my dress , and they both make me look good I feel .
You look great , you are absolutely glowing .
It's raining heavily .
We have to find a shelter .
All right .
Let's go under the tree .
No , we can't . It's thundering .
Excuse me , could you tell me the bookshop ' s address ?
Yes , the bookshop is just around the corner . Turn left and you ' ll see the bookshop .
Thank you very much . By the way , is the hospital beside the bookshop .
Right , if you see the bookshop , you can see the hospital .
Thank you for your help .
The skirt looks beautiful . Can I try it on ?
Of course .
Well , I think this one is a little too small . Would you please bring me a bigger one ?
Please help yourself at your dishes . I hope you ' ll enjoy what you ' Ve got .
It suits my taste . You are really a good cook .
Would you like to try my special recipe ?
Wow , let me try . It tastes nice . How did you make it ?
Have you ever thought about having children , Kaitlyn ?
My husband and I have thought about it , but we've decided not to have any . They're just too expensive . Besides , with all the news about global warming on the news lately , who knows what kind of Worl
Well , I've always wanted to have lots of children . Growing up with only one brother , I always felt a bit lonely . What do you think about families with only one child ?
For me , growing up in a big family always made me yearn for attention . I always wanted to be an only child so that I could always do what I wanted and so that I wouldn't ever have to share .
Don't you think you would miss having other people around ?
No way ! I spent 20 years of my life with relatives around me 24-7 . You know , I don't think I've ever actually spent any time by myself in my parents ' home . What do you think fo the one-child policy
If China didn't have such a policy , can you imagine how many people there would be in China now ?
That's true . But as a woman , I'm glad that even though I don't want any children , I at least have a choice in how many children I have . On the other hand , I can't imagine what China would be like
Do you think most families with many children envy or feel sorry for other families with only one child ?
We will go to Luoyang for a vacation next month .
How long will you stay there ?
About one week .
Where will you live during the vacation .
In the hotel .
Have you made a reservation ?
Yes , we have .
Come in and sit down , Jack . Now , what's the trouble ?
I've got a terrible pain in my stomach , Doctor .
I see . When did it start ?
It started yesterday . I didn't eat any supper .
Have you got a temperature ?
I think so . I feel very hot .
Let's see . Yes . You ' Ve got quite a high temperature .
I've got an awful headache , too , and my throat hurts .
Hm ... I think you ' Ve got the flu .
Is it serious ?
No , not at all , but you must stay in bed for three days and take this medicine .
How often must I take it ?
Three times a day after meals .
Oh , so the zoo is over there . Thank you so much for your help .
You ' re welcome . Can I ask you what brings you to China ?
I ' m actually travelling around Asia .
Oh , very nice . How long will you be in Beijing ?
Probably another week .
Oh , I see . Well , I ' ll give you my phone number and if you need a guide , please call me .
Hello , Anna . Come in and sit down .
Hello , doctor .
What's the matter ?
I've got a backache .
Do you often suffer from backache ?
No , I don't . I've never had a bad one before .
When did it start ?
About four days ago .
Well , go home and rest in bed for two days , then you'll feel better .
Can you give me some medicine ? It's very painful .
Hello ? This is John Smith . Can I speak to Mr . White , please ?
This is Mr . White speaking .
Hi . I understand that you have a house for sale , haven ' t you ?
Yes .
I ' d like to know more about it .
Can you come to my office this afternoon at 3 o ' clock ?
OK . I will be there .
Thank you for calling . Goodbye .
Hello , who is speaking ?
Hello , this is John . I want to speak to Linda .
This is her .
Hi , Linda , I'm just calling to invite you to a dinner party tomorrow evening .
Really ? What time and where ?
7:30 PM at London-Chinese restaurant . I \ ' ll be at your place at seven to pick you up if you need a ride .
Yes , please , I'll need a ride . I'll be waiting for you then .
See you tomorrow at seven . Make sure your dress a little formally . I heard the restaurant is kind of upscale .
Thank you , see you then .
Hello , can I help ?
I'm from Lexington Software and I'm here to collect an export L / C .
I have it right here .
Great . Can I take it with me now ? Or do you need me to fill in some forms or something ?
No , you can take it away now . I just need you to sign here .
Here you are .
Just one thing before you go , could you please prepare your documents in accordance with the L / C within the validity period ?
Mr . Smith , do you like the hotel we booked ?
Yes , we do . We like it very much .
I've come to make sure that your stay in Beijing is a pleasant one .
My aunt told me one of her secrets--cellophane tape .
I just got it at the special health store . It's for my flabby arms .
Let me know how it works .
I have to say , I have had enough of this roller coaster .
I know what you mean . I'm like a yo-yo .
Do you have a reservation , sir ?
No , I ' m afraid we don ' t .
I ' m sorry the restaurant is full now . You have to wait for about half an hour . Would you like to have a drink at the lounge until there ' s a table available .
No , thanks , I ' ll come back later . May I reserve a table for two ?
Yes , of course . May I have your name , sir ?
Bruce By the way , can we have a table by the window ?
we ' ll try to arrange it , but I can ' t guarantee sir .
That ' s fine .
What shall we do when we find a shortage in the shipment ?
You should do one of the two things - either to lodge a claim with the shipowner or with the insurance company .
Shall we leave it to the brokers ?
Yes . They usually do it .
Do they charge for that ?
Of course . In Europe , they charge a commission of 1 % of the amount of the claim for their service .
Is it the same in America ?
They do the work without charge to the importer .
It's part of their service , isn't it ?
Exactly .
Is it enough to claim with an on board bill of lading ?
No , you must also obtain a statement from the shipping agent certifying that the goods were actually loaded on their vessel for shipment .
I see . By the way , how do we prove the ownership of our goods ?
You must provide full original set of ocean bills of lading original insurance policy or certificate and the original commercia invoice .
I see . Thank you .
Can I be of any service to you ?
I've been told that Chinese arts and crafts are famous for their excellent workmanship . We'd like to take some home . What would you recommend ?
There are over a thousands kinds of articles in our shop . For example , there is tricolored pottery originating in the Tang Dynasty , embroidery , batik , jade carving , just to name a few . Do you have anything in mind ?
No , not really . But I think it should be something distinctively Chinese . And easy to carry .
I would suggest you buy paper-cuts , embroidery and batik . They are very easy to carry .
Hi , I would like to purchase a one way ticket to Brussels , please .
Certainly sir , this is our train schedule . We have an express train departing every morning and an overnight train that departs at nine pm .
How long does it take to get there ?
About twelve hours . We currently have tickets available only for first class on the express train . If you ' d like , you can choose a sleeper on the overnight train which is a bit less expensive .
Yeah , I think that is the best option . Do you serve food on the train ? Twelve hours is such a long time !
Yes , of course . There is a dining car towards the front of the train where they serve meals at all times . We do provide complimentary water and coffee for all of our passengers .
Great ! I ' ll take it .
Here you are sir . Your train leaves from platform number nine at nine on the dot . Remember to be here at least thirty minutes before your scheduled departure time or else you might miss your train !
I understand . Thank you very much !
Can I have the check please ?
Right away , sir .
Is this amount correct ?
Yes , sir , it is .
Thank you , the service was good
Hey , Jimmy , you've been sitting in front of the TV all day . Anything interesting on TV ?
Not really . Quite boring right now , actually . Mostly infomercials and public service announcements .
Why don't you turn off the TV and get outside ? You need to get some fresh air .
I know , I know . But my favorite show is on in a couple of minutes . It's the series finals , and I wouldn't miss it for the world !
Really ? What's the series about ?
Well , it's about how an immigrant girl achieve her dream in America . It's a sitcom but really quite smart and really funny . I think you'd like it .
It sounds interesting , but I am not a big fan of TV shows . They're time consuming and don't have much depth .
I believe some shows are quite informative and interesting . Take this show for example , it examines American xenophobia and how it might conflict with the American dream , with hilarious results .
Really ? that's interesting !
Yeah . Oh , here it comes ! why don't we watch it together ? they are going to have a court debate in this episode . It should be good .
Hello . This is Dr . Galas Office . Can I help you ?
Yes . I ' d like to make an appointment with Dr . Galas . Could you arrange it for me ?
Sure . Let me check his schedule . How about tomorrow afternoon at 2:30 ?
I ' m not available tomorrow afternoon . How about tomorrow morning ?
I ' m sorry . Dr . Galas is fully engaged tomorrow morning . How about the day after tomorrow at 9:30 in the morning ?
That ' s fine . Thanks .
You ' re welcome . Could I have your name and phone number , please ?
Certainly . My name is Janet Smith , and my phone number is 610-555-1234 .
Very good , Ms . Smith . I have scheduled an appointment for you on Wednesday at 9:30 am .
Thank you very much .
Hi , Mark .
Hi , Bill . I ' d like to take the apartment I looked at yesterday .
All right .
So , what do we do now ?
This is the lease . You should read the lease very carefully before you sign it because it describes your legal rights and responsibilities as a tenant . The lease also describes our rights and responsibilities as landlords .
Okay . ( Reads the lease ) So , according to the lease , I ' ll deposit one month ' s rent as a security deposit , and I have to pay the first month ' s rent in advance . I understand that I ' ll get the security deposit back when I move out if the apartment does not need any costly repairs .
Yes . If you do not damage the apartment , you will get your security deposit back when you move out .
Can I pay you by check ?
Sure . A check will be fine .
Is there a laundry room in the basement ?
Yes .
Is this the central park to East Market bus ?
This is the East market to Central park bus . Where do you want to go ?
To the ministry government hall .
Take the same number bus going other direction . There ' s stop right cross the street .
Can you give me a hand with the dishes ?
Sure . Should I wash or dry ?
I wash and you'll dry .
Excuse me . I need to refill this prescription .
It says on the bottle here that you can have two refills .
Yes , I need to refill it today .
Alright . I'm sorry , Miss . According to our file , this prescription has already been refilled twice .
I was worried about that . I couldn't remember if I had it refilled twice yet or not .
Well , it looks like you have . You will need to see your doctor to get a new prescription .
Listen . This is an emergency . I tried to call my doctor , but he is out of town . So I can't see him in time . I need this medicine . It is for skin condition . I've run out . Can you just refill it once more ?
I'm sorry , Miss . We can't do it . We must follow the prescription . And this prescription has run out .
But I need it . Please . Refill it for me just this once . I can go to the doctor around ten days from now . Then I'll have another prescription .
Miss , I understand your problem . But it is against the law for us to sell certain medicines without a prescription . It ' s the law . I can't do anything about it . We never sell medicine unless we have a proper prescription . Never .
But I have a prescription . I just need more of it .
A prescription must be valid . It cannot be an expired prescription . I'm sorry , Miss . It's the law . You will have to find another doctor who will prescribe this for you .
Oh , it will be so expensive ! I have a special medical plan , and I can only see one doctor . It will cost me a lot of money to see another doctor .
Miss , I just can't help you on this . I'm a pharmacist , not a doctor . And there are other customers I need to help now . I know it is frustrating when this happens . But there is nothing I can do about it . I'm sorry .
This is ridiculous ! In Taiwan , it is much easier to get medicine when I need it .
Can you tell me a little bit about yourself ?
I am a graduate of a technical university and have been employed as a technician with Company or approximately 10 years .
Please explain why you are interested in leaving your current position and please elaborate on your technical skills .
I am looking for a growth opportunity , which I feel is not available at my current employer . In terms of skills , I am Microsoft certified in Windows XP and several other operating system
Where do you see yourself five years from now ?
Hey , Jim . It's time to wake up and get out of bed .
Do I have to get up now ?
You'd better get up , or you'll be late .
What're you talking about ? My alarm even hasn't gone off yet .
Yes , it did . It went off thirty minutes ago . You slept right through it . You're like a dead person while you sleep .
I must have slept right through it .
Rise and shine ! Sleepyhead !
Just let me sleep five more minutes .
The early bird gets the worm .
I know , I know . But I don't want any worms .
Did you ever buy food from the snack stands near our hotel ?
Yes , several times .
How do you like them ?
Not bad .
I always have the temptation to eat something there .
Then , why didn't you do that ?
I don't know how much we can trust them . Do you have any ideas ?
Some of them , I think , are not good .
It doesn't taste good ?
No , I mean some of them are not clean enough .
That's my greatest concern . But how can you tell which one is clean ?
I judge by appearances .
I got it . I think it's worth trying .
It certainly is .
I'd like to try some kebab , roasted squid , and many different appealing things .
Don't try everything at one time , please .
Dad , may I have a room of my own ?
Oh , honey , I'm so sorry , we don't have enough space for you to have your own room .
Dad , but I don't want to share a room with Peter . He snores every night .
Honey , you can ask him to be quite . Otherwise you may punish him and tell him to stand out of the room , right ?
Hey there , you look a little lost . Are you new here ?
Yeah how ' d you know ?
You can always spot the newbies . I can give you a few pointers if you want . Were you trying to use this machine here ?
Yeah ! I just started my training today and I ' m not really sure where to begin .
It ' s ok , I know how it is . This machine here will work out your upper body , mainly your triceps and biceps . Are you looking to develop strength or muscle tone and definition ?
Well , I don ' t want to be ripped like you ! I just want a good physique with weights and Carpio .
In that case you want to work with less weight . You can start off by working ten to fifteen reps in four sets . Five kilo weights should be enough . Now it ' s very important that you stretch before pumping iron or you might pull a muscle .
Got it ! Wow is that the weight you are lifting ? My goodness that ' s a lot of weight !
I can't find the price tag .
It's right here . $ 100 .
But I heard other stores were having great mark-downs on this item .
Ours are of really good quality .
Don ' t throw your weight around . I can ' t bear you any more .
Where do you come from ?
I come from Greece .
What's the climate like in your country ?
It's very pleasant .
What's the weather like in spring ?
It's often windy in March . It's always warm in April and May , but it rains sometimes .
What's it like in summer ?
It's always hot in June , July and August . The sun shines every day .
Is it cold or warm in autumn ?
It's always warm in September and October . It's often cold in November and it rains sometimes .
Is it very cold in winter ?
Hello , I brought a lap-top computer with me . Do you know how can I use the internet in my room ?
Well , right now , we can't afford internet use in the rooms . But you can go to the web bar in our hotel . It's on the 12 floor .
Good afternoon , Sir . You're here to see about a Temporary Loan , right ? The loans we offer are for purchasing income-generating assets . Is that what you require ?
Yes , that's exactly what I need . How about terms for these ?
Well , we offer 60 - day or 90 - day loans . The balance of the loan is to be repaid in full by the end of the specified period .
Is there any flexibility on that ?
Unfortunately , not .
OK . In my position , I think the best way to go would be for the 90 - day loan . That would give us a little more time to sort out the repayment plan .
Do you sometimes feel overwhelmed by your work ?
Of course ! It is the No . 1 stressor in my life . You know job stress has become a very common problem these days . So we must learn to cope with it .
Totally agree . What is your solution ?
Well , there are two causes of job stress . One is employee characteristic and the other is company condition . So if we want to manage job stress , both we and the companies should do something . For me , I am trying to balance work and leisure time . You know , all work and no play make Jack a dull boy .
You seem to have a very relaxed outlook .
It is necessary . Positive attitude helps to prevent stress .
But I don ' t think we can change our working condition . Anyway , we are not the bosses .
Taxi !
Yes , sir . Where to ?
The city square , please .
Are you in a hurry ?
Yes , I have to be there to meet a friend at 5 thirty pm . So we're sure we can get there on time ?
I'm afraid not , sir . Generally we can , but you know how it is in the rush hour now .
I see . Here's the extra 5 $ for you if you can get me there on time .
All right . I'll do my best .
Oh . we made it . Thank you . How much do I own you ?
The reading on the kilometer is 12 $ .
Here's the money , keep the changes , please .
Do you need a receipt ?
What is your salary at present ?
My present pay is 100,000 Yuan per year .
What are your salary expectations now ?
I like to be paid more than that . Hopefully , 120,000 Yuan per year .
That's a little more than we had planned .
I think you'll find I'm worth that .
I can only offer you 110,000 Yuan a year . Raises will be given after a three-month probation according to your performance . Is that satisfactory ?
Peter , how often do you exercise ?
Well , I swim and run every day .
Now , tell me , what do you eat ?
Well , I don't eat any meat , but I do eat fish and eggs .
Do you eat a lot of vegetables ?
Oh yes , and fruit , I love fruit .
What do you drink ?
Well , I never drink alcohol , coffee or tea . They are very bad for you .
I need to go to the ATM .
So , why don ' t you ?
I have no idea how to use the ATM .
What do you mean ?
This will be my first time using an ATM .
I can help you with that .
Explain to me how to use it .
Just put your card into the machine .
Now what do I do ?
Then you need to type in your PIN .
Now what ?
May we see the wine list please ?
Sure . Our special wine today is a 1989 Chardonnay .
That sounds pretty good ! How much is it ?
It's $ 4 . 25 cents by the glass . The whole bottle is $ 22 . 5 .
I'd like a bottle please .
I'll need to see your ID please .
Here you go .
What date would you like to depart , sir ?
Do you have any seats for September 16th ?
Let's see ... I'm afraid the 16th is fully booked . But I have seats for the 17th .
The 17th will be fine .
And what date will you be returning ?
Hmm , I guess on the 28th .
Okay , you ' re booked on American Airlines flight 710 , departing JFK at 6:40 p . m . on September 17th . Your return flight is flight 711 , departing London ' s Heathrow Airport at 11:15 a . m . on September 28th .
Excuse me , I'd like to have these pants I bought here yesterday altered . Here's my receipt .
Certainly , sir . What would you like done to them ?
They're a little bit too long , so I'd like about half an inch taken off them .
All right , sir . They should be ready for you by tomorrow afternoon .
Thank you very much .
Some companies use to ban dating among employees , but now they have realized it is something in avertable . People spend so much time at work . It is not surprising for one to have a crash on the other .
If we think positively , office love can be beneficial to company .
Beneficial ? I don ' t think so . If two employees get married , they will leave at the same time for a honeymoon , or later one of them will stay at home taking care of babies . If they break up , the company will probably have to relocate one of them to make the workplace more comfortable . By any means , the company must spare extra efforts to solve problems brought by an office dating .
But if two employees are in love , they will be happy . Happy people are more productive . If they develop an intimate relation with each other , they are willing to share knowledge and experience . It can help to improve work efficiency .
What kind of a car do you have ?
An old one .
I know it's old , but what make is it ?
It's a Chevrolet . Why do you ask ? You going into the car business ?
Nothing like that . My cousin is going to take a job overseas and he can't take his car with him , so he's going to sell it - cheap . It's practically new .
well I have been thinking about getting a newer car . I can't afford a brand new one .
Would you like to look at my cousin's car ?
Is it a four-door or a two-door ?
It's a coupe with a vinyl roof .
Does it have automatic transmission ? .
Yes , and it also has power steering , power brakes , and air conditioning .
Which restaurant do you prefer ?
I'd like to taste Mexican food .
How about the one on Baker Street ?
Come in , please .
Good morning , sir !
Good morning , please make yourself comfortable .
Thank you , sir .
Your name and examination number , please .
My name is Du Tao , number 3 .
Pardon ?
Du Tao . D-U for Du and T-A - 0 for Tao .
Yes , Mr . Du , when were you born ?
I was born on January 1st , 1988 . I ' m 20 years old now .
Where do you live ?
I ' m living at Room 222 , Building 18 , N . P . U .
Can you leave me your phone number ?
Oh ! ! ! I have a horrible toothache .
You should go to the dentist .
I hate dentists .
Well , suffer then . If you have a toothache , you have to go to the dentist .
It always hurts . I hate going .
Stop being such a baby . If it really hurts that much , just let them knock you out .
O . K . , O . K . , I ' ll go .
Would you like a cigarette ?
No , thanks . I've decided to give up smoking .
Really ? Why ?
Well , it's just that I think if you don't enjoy doing something any more , you should stop doing it .
I see . You mean you don't enjoy smoking any more ?
That's right . You should give it up , too . It ' s bad for your health .
Stop talking like my mother . That's what she keeps saying .
But it's true . It's a nasty habit . I can't think why I ever started . Anyway , it's obviously got you in its grip !
What do you mean ? What are you talking about ?
Kate , you never believe what's happened .
What do you mean ?
Masha and Hero are getting divorced .
You are kidding . What happened ?
Well , I don't really know , but I heard that they are having a separation for 2 months , and filed for divorce .
That's really surprising . I always thought they are well matched . What about the kids ? Who get custody ?
Masha , it seems quiet and makable , no quarrelling about who get the house and stock and then contesting the divorce with other details worked out .
That's the change from all the back stepping we usually hear about . Well , I still can't believe it , Masha and Hero , the perfect couple . When would they divorce be final ?
That's really convenient . We were wondering if you could take a little off the rent , though .
I can take two thousand off . That'll make the rent twenty-eight thousand .
That's great . Every little bit counts . And we don't need the parking space . I guess we could rent it out .
Sure , for at least three thousand per month .
That'll bring the price down to twenty-five . That's the price we were shooting for .
can you squeeze me in sometime today ?
That ' s a big order , Jane . I am really swamped .
I know what you ' re saying , but I have to go over the books with you before I go see our tax guy .
Mr . Black , I ' d like to take some time off . I ' Ve been feeling exhausted these days .
That's no problem . Let me see ... You still have ten days annual leave left , is that right ?
Yes . I was wondering if I could take another two weeks off .
That's long leave . How's your project coming along ?
The project I'm in charged of now will be done by the end of this week . I'd like to take my leave from next Monday on .
Well , all right . But you make sure to tie up loose ends before you leave .
Thank you , Mr . Black . There are no immediate projects coming up at the moment . Mr . Smith will be in charge during my absence . He is taking part in several projects as my assistant and knows how to maintain relationships with our clients .
Great ! I hope you have a good relaxation and come back refreshed .
It is my first time coming to China . I want to buy something unique of China to my friends as gifts .
We have a great variety of Chinese antiques and porcelain . Do you like them ?
Yes , I love them , but they are fragile . It is not convenient to take them .
You are right . How about paintings and embroidered handkerchiefs ?
Sounds good . May I have a look ?
Of course . These paintings have many designs , such as animals , flowers , landscape , aquatics and so on .
They are beautiful , but I can't understand the connotation in them . Let me see the handkerchiefs .
All right . Chinese embroidery is one traditional art with elaborate design and high quality .
Oh , I like the bamboo design . What is this ?
This is a series of animals , called Chinese zodiac .
Good . So I will take three series and five bamboo ones .
Once you arrive at the American airport , please call me .
OK , don ' t worry about it . I will .
I've got a temperature and my stomach hurts .
How long have you been feeling this way ?
It all started the day before yesterday .
You seem to have picked up some kind of infection .
What should I do ?
May I help you ?
Yes , do you have sweaters ?
This way , please . How do you like this one ? It's made of cotton .
Mr . Johnson ' s office . Cindy speaking .
Hi , Cindy . It ' s Michael Kurt . Is Mr . Johnson in ?
No , I ' m sorry , Mr . Kurt . He ' s stepped out for a bit . Would you like me to have him call you ?
Excuse me , did you see a set of keys ?
What kind of keys ?
Five keys and a small foot ornament .
What a shame ! I didn't see them .
Well , can you help me look for it ? That's my first time here .
Sure . It's my pleasure . I'd like to help you look for the missing keys .
It's very kind of you .
It's not a big deal . Hey , I found them .
Oh , thank God ! I don't know how to thank you , guys .
Passport , please , madam .
Just a minute , please . It's in my bag . Here it is .
Thank you . Please fill out the Baggage Declaration Form .
All right . Shall I enter all my belongings ?
There are so many record players here . That is hard to choose .
Look at this one . It has a radio and cassette player and built in speakers .
I'd rather get one with separated speakers . They give a clear sound .
Yes , but we shouldn't get any thing too big . Remember it has to fit in with our living room furniture .
That's right . Now this one looks alright ? It's a detached or do you prefer this one ? It's Sony .
Why did you apply for the position ?
I learned from your ad . That you will provide on-the-job training for new employees . This is just what I need , because I'm a recent college graduate . I have the necessary knowledge and skills but I lack experience .
What do you hope to become ?
I want to prove my true value in the electronic industry , and hopefully in the near future I would be promoted to a higher position .
How long will it take for our order to be delivered ?
Let's see . You are importing fifty containers of textiles from China . They should be able to place your order before the end of next week . It will take 2 days for shipping to the port city of Ningpo . The freight will take 3 weeks on the open ocean and will arrive in Los Angeles approximately a month from today . Domestic shipping will be your responsibility , you can make arrangements with the pier in Los Angeles .
Fine , we will handle domestic shipping , but what about customs ? Will we have to pay tariff on our imports ? I hope we don't run into any problems with the border control .
Are you ready to order , madam ?
I'm on a diet . So I have to avoid food containing too much fat . Do you have vegetarian dishes ?
Yes , We do have some choices for ladies like you . What about some green salad ?
Does it taste good ?
Sure . It's a popular dish among young ladies .
I think I'll try it .
We have three kinds of dressings for salad . Italian , French and Thousand Island . Which one would you like ?
French , please .
OK . Do you want to order something else ?
Excuse me , do you have the latest issue of Newsworld ?
Yes , this week's issue just came in . Here it is .
How about Music Madness ?
Let me check ... yes , we got the October issue a few days ago . It's on that shelf over there .
Hello . Hot water overflowed from the bathtub . Will you help me ?
Would you turn off the tap ?
I did it .
Then will you put all the towels under the bathroom door ?
OK . I will .
I'll have our housekeeper come right away .
I'm sorry I was too tired to fall asleep .
When you woke up , the water was coming out of the tub .
Hello !
Is that Sue ?
Speaking .
A . This is George .
Miss , would you like to try this free sample of our new suntan cream ?
Sure , why not ?
This is a new product of company this year . It's oil-free .
I see . It feels very light on the skin .
It gives your skin a very natural healthy look .
Hello , is John in ?
No , can I take a message ?
No , I'll call back later .
Hello . Capital Hotel . May I help you ?
Yes , unlikely my flight will be 2 hours due to the fog . Would you please keep my reservation ?
Sure . May I have your name please ?
I'll be on business for a couple of days , could you take care of your sister ?
OK , Mum , when will you be back ?
Where is that ?
Take me to the airport , please .
Are you in a hurry ?
I have to be there before 17 o'clock .
We'll make it except a jam . You know it's rush hour .
There's an extra ten in it for you if you can get me there on time .
I'll do my best .
Here's twenty dollars .
Do you have small bills ?
No . If you can't break it , keep the change . But can you give me a receipt ?
Excuse me .
Yes ?
Can you tell me the way to the Peak Tram , please ?
Certainly . Go along Queen's Road ...
Along Queen's Road ...
Yes , and turn right at the Hilton Hotel .
Right at the Hilton .
Then go up Garden Road , past the Cathedral .
The Cathedral ?
Yes . Then cross the road at the next traffic lights . The Peak Tram is straight ahead . You can't miss it .
That's very kind of you . Thank you . Er ... have you got a pencil ?
Yes . Why ?
Thank you for purchasing your new mattress with us .
No , thank you .
Would you like us to deliver the mattress for you , sir ?
That would be great .
When do you want it delivered ?
I need it delivered tomorrow . Will that be possible ?
What time exactly ?
I need it delivered at 12 o'clock .
We can have it to you at that time .
That's not a problem ?
We will deliver your mattress tomorrow at 12 o'clock .
Recently I have been getting headache and my eyes don't seems to see focus properly .
When did you last time have your eyes checked ?
Two years ago . At that time I had no problems . Now I can ' t even make out something ten meters away .
Come over here . I will test your eyes . First cover your left eye like this , and when I point , please read the chart from the top , and go as far as you can , telling me which way the " E " points .
All right .
Good . Now the other eye .
Well , this one is worse .
Never mind , just read as far as you can .
You have been staying at home for several days . Would you like to hang out with me ?
I'm so sorry about your brother , Mr . Wang .
Thanks , Jane .
Do you have any seat preferences , sir ?
Yes , could you put me in the no-smoking section ?
Yes . Would you like a window seat ?
Excuse me . My name is Dan Ford . I have an appointment with the dentist at 3:30 .
Yes , Mr . Ford . The dentist will be ready to see you in a minute . Have a seat .
I'm glad these batteries are on sale .
I'm sorry . These batteries are not on sale .
But that's what the ad said .
I'm sorry . If you look at the ad again , you'll see that the other brand is on sale .
Oh . You're right . I misread the ad .
Yes , many people make that mistake .
Well , you can't blame them . It's a confusing ad .
You're right . Many ads are like that .
Well , as long as I'm here .
Hi , John .
Oh , hi , Mary , come on in . Any problem ?
Oh , no problem .
Great . I forgot to ask you , though . How long did you want the place ?
Six months .
Oh , well , that might be a problem . I usually only sign one year leases .
Well , one year would be fine , too . I ' m not planning on leaving the area anytime soon .
Well , if it ' s not a problem . Then here you go .
Just let me look at it quickly .
Of course .
Looks like a standard lease .
Yeah , and don ' t worry about the security deposit . If everything ' s all right when you move out , you ' ll get it back .
O . K . Great . Just sign and date it here ?
Yes . Thanks . You can move your stuff in tomorrow .
Do you have any night tours ?
Yes , we will depart in 10 minutes .
Is that a guided tour ?
Yes , it is .
Excuse me , but can I draw on my account for payment of things I buy in China ?
Certainly , sir . How much do you draw ?
RIB 8,000 , please . Would you please tell me my balance ?
What do you do ?
What do you think of this dress ? Do you think it suits me ?
Sure . Why don ' t you try it on ? The fitting room is over there .
It ' s just the right size-a perfect fit ! Have you seen anything you like ?
I ' m thinking about buying this sweater . I know it ' s June now , but it will be perfect for autumn and winter .
It looks too big for you , but I like the color and the material is good quality . Is it on sale ?
Yes , it ' s half price . It ' s supposed to be too large--that ' s the fashion .
I might get one too , but in a different color . I prefer light blue to white .
There . It looks great , don ' t you think ? I ' m going to get these jeans as well . I need a new pair . I ' m also going to buy this scarf ready for winter .
I ' m getting this beret ? Doesn ' t it look cool ? I ' d like to get some jeans too , but I don ' t have enough cash on me .
Don ' t worry . I ' Ve got my credit card . You can pay me back later .
We hope that there will be no repetition of this kind of trouble in the future .
Yes . I promise it will not happen again .
We look forward to your settlement at an early date .
Could you give me an expense report ? I would like to attach the invoices for my phone bill this season .
Here you are . Do you need glue ?
That is very kind of you . I ' m just running out of glue .
Tom . Please do not disturb me for the next hour .
Are you having a meeting ?
Yes , and I don't want to be interrupted .
Excuse me , you look lost . Can I help you ?
Oh , Thank you . I'm looking for the train station .
Right . Let me see . You go straight down here and turn right .
Right ? OK , got it .
Then take the next left then the next right . Are you with me ?
I'd like a double room .
Do you have a reservation ?
Yes , I called you last week from New York . My name is George Lee .
Wait a second , PLS . Yes , Mr . Lee , we have a room reserved for you . How long do you plan to stay ?
Probably two days . My wife will join me tomorrow . Then we will decide when to leave for Seattle .
Would you sign the register , PLS ?
By the way , does my room have a private bath ?
Certainly , every room in this hotel has a private bath .
Does my room have twin beds or a double ? I prefer a room with twin beds .
Your room has twin beds , Mr . Lee . It also has a view . I am sure you will like it . This is your key . It's on the eighth floor room 801 . The elevator's over there .
Thank you . One more thing , where is your restaurant ?
The restaurant is on the second floor . We also have a cafeteria on the top floor . If you would like something to drink , you can either call room service or come down here . The bar is right behind the lobby .
Thank you , you are very kind !
There are so many eating utensils on the table . Which ones do I use first ?
Use them from the outside in .
I see . A set for appetizers and another for the main course .
Right . We do the same thing at home . Don't you remember ?
Oh yeah . The big napkin goes on my lap .
Let's look at our menus .
Cindy , help me order because I'm still not very familiar with American cooking .
Yes , ma'am , how could I help you ?
I am wondering if you do facial care ?
Yes , we do .
How much would it be ?
From 200 to 800 .
I'm afraid 800 is too expensive for me . Could you recommend something around 300 ?
I want to go try on these clothes .
What did you find ?
I found some jeans , and a new blouse .
Go and try it on .
What do you think ?
I love that shirt on you .
What about the jeans ?
They don't really fit you right .
I don't think so either .
That blouse is absolutely wonderful on you though .
Well , I'll just buy the shirt .
Yes , sir ?
Can I have Mr . J . Smith paged ? He said he'd be in the main dining room . I'm Mr . J . B . White .
Who would you like to have paged again , sir ?
Mr . J . Smith .
Where would you like him to come ?
To the front desk .
I haven't told you what happened yet , have I ?
I haven't heard anything .
My boss offered me a promotion , and I took it .
Are you serious ?
Yes , I am really excited .
That's great . Congratulations .
I appreciate that .
You have no idea how happy I am for you .
For real ?
Excuse me , waiter , would you please bring us a nest ? A friend of mine will join us .
Wait a moment . Here you are .
By the way , we would like to order some dishes for my friend .
What's our target audience for this campaign ?
This go-around we're focusing on new moms , families with median income and one or more children under the age of two .
Do you think that's much different from the succor moms we tailored the last campaign for ?
Well , there are some similarities that come up . Because both groups are made up of mothers ... so as before , we can play up on maternal instincts , hygiene , safety , along those lines . But that being said , there are some specific differences that come into play because we are dealing with mothers of infants here .
Right , that makes sense . What's the average age ?
Taxi !
Yes , sir . Where to ?
Wangfujing , please !
All right .
Oh , I like the music on your radio . It's nice .
Thank you ! I always tune to this program when driving . So what's your favorite program ?
I like Winner's English very mush . You know the Beijing Olympic Games is right around the corner . We should learn English Well . It's on FM 96 . 6 , China Business Radio . You can get it on your radio too .
But I don't speak English at all .
That's OK . The program is especially for the beginners like us .
Really ? When is it on ?
It begins at 6:40 every morning , and it goes for 20 minutes .
Thank you so much . I'll try and catch that .
The radio has brought us lots of convenience .
Yes , I can also learn about the traffic condition through it .
With the development of the society and technology , radio is nearly everywhere .
How long does it take to get to downtown from here ?
It is 15 minutes ' drive .
What companies do we have in our neighborhood ?
Mitsubishi , HP , IBM and many other famous corporations .
Does the 7th floor belong to our company too ?
Yes , our company has two floors , the 6th and 7th floor in this building .
It ' s such a large firm . Do we have our own staff restaurant ?
Hello , China Southern Airlines . Can I help you ?
Yes , could I make a reservation to New York on July 21st , next Friday ?
Sorry , there is no flight available on July 21st .
That's too bad . What's the earliest flight available ?
I can give you a reservation on flight No CZ 387 on July 22nd .
What about the fight schedule ?
It departs at 12:10 and arrives at 15:10 next day .
Is it a non-stop flight ?
Yes .
Sounds good . I'd like to take this flight .
Would you prefer first class or economy class ?
Economy class .
And your name , please ?
Edward Smith .
Mr . Smith , you can get things fixed through our agencies in Guangzhou . Do remember to bring your passport with you .
Yes , many thanks . Goodbye .
I miss grandma . I dreamed about her yesterday .
May I help you , madam ?
Yes . I ' m trying to find a pair of earrings to match my necklace . Can you recommend some to me ?
Yes . Your gold necklace has a diamond pendant , and your eardrops should be
These look wonderful . Do these come with a guarantee of quality ?
Of course . If there is anything wrong with them , you can come back and show me the guarantee of quality , and then you will surely get free service .
Hi , I need to make an appointment to see the doctor .
What seems to be the problem ?
I have a rash that I need a doctor to look at .
Do you have a fever with that rash ?
No , it just itches a lot .
I have openings on Tuesday or Wednesday . Which would be best for you ?
I need an appointment on Tuesday .
Fine , I am putting you down for 9
I would like to see Dr . Jones .
Good morning . sir . My name is Liu Peng from Tsinghai University . I am here for the interview relating to my visa application .
Glad to meet you . Would you mind if I ask you some questions ?
Of course not .
Why do you want to go to the US ?
I'd like to have further education . Now I am studying for my doctorate .
Will you get any kind of scholarship ?
Hey ! What happened ? ! My song was only half way through and it skipped to the next song .
I don't know what happened !
You cancelled the song , didn't you , Jack ?
No , I didn't . Really !
Where can I get my baggage ?
Are you from a domestic flight or an international one ?
An international one from Seattle .
In that case , you should go to the baggage hall over there .
Good morning !
Can I speak to Miss Cooper please ?
Would you hold on a second , please ? Miss Cooper's extension is engaged .
Engaged . Oh , dear ! Could you tell her it's a long-distance call ?
I'm sorry , sir . I can't interrupt her . I'm sure she won't be very long .
How long do you think she'll be ?
I really can't say how long she'll be .
Can I leave a message , please ?
Yes , certainly .
Can you tell her I'm waiting to speak to her ?
Yes , sir . I'll ring her on an inside line if you like .
What can I do for you ?
I need some medicine .
For whom ?
My wife . She suffers from a bad cold .
What symptoms does she have ?
Fever and a bad cough .
I see . Don't worry , just a common cold .
What kind of medicine does she need ?
Patulin will be enough .
How many pills for each time ?
Nine pills per day , and three pills after each meal .
Thank you very much .
Hello . This is the Holiday Inn . Can I help you ?
Hi . Is there a special rate for a group reservation ?
Yes . There is a 20 % to 40 % discount . It depends on the season . During the summer the discount is 20 % . During the winter it is 40 % .
I need five single rooms in October . How much of a discount can I get ?
Our summer season ended in September . So the discount will be 40 % . That ' s a good deal . Would you prefer rooms with a front view or rear view ?
Front view , please .
What date and time will you be checking in ?
October 25th around 2:00 in the afternoon .
We need you to send a deposit for 1/3 of the bill . You can send the check , or you can use the credit card .
Ok . I ' ll send a check .
Could you tell me your name , address and phone number , please ?
Sure . My name is Anderson . My address is 109 Ferguson East , Holton . And my phone number is 309 789 1267 .
May I help you ?
Yes , I would like to exchange some money .
what currency would you like to trade in ?
I would like to exchange Chinese RIB for American dollars . Do you accept $ 100 bills ?
No problem , we can accept any denomination . How much would you like to exchange today ?
Well , that depends on the rate . How much is the RIB trading at today ?
It's a shame you didn't come a little earlier , the exchange rate was reset yesterday afternoon . The American dollar is now worth 7 . 45RMB . If you would like to sell RIB , we can give you a rate of 7 . 35 . Will that be all right ?
Hello , this is Lucy . May I speak to Mr . Smith ?
Oh , hello , Lucy . What's up ?
I'm afraid I can't come to work today , Mr . Smith .
Oh , what's wrong with you ?
I've got a fever and a very sore throat .
Well , you sound ill over the phone .
Yes . I have to stay in bed today , but I'll be able to come tomorrow .
That's all right . Have a good rest until you feel well enough .
Thank you , Mr . Smith . Goodbye .
You really need to look at some of the problems we are having with the apartment .
That apartment never had any problems before . Are you sure the problem isn ' t you ?
We spoke with you the first week we moved in about things that you promised to fix .
Where do you think you have problems ?
There is no hot water , the bedroom has a broken window , and there are rats in the kitchen .
You know , no one else who has been in that apartment has had a problem before .
You are obligated to maintain your building and my apartment .
I will fix these problems when I get around to it .
I will be withholding my rent check this Friday unless these problems are addressed immediately .
Hi , do you have any tickets for the show tonight ?
Sorry , it ' s all sold out .
Well , do you have any for tomorrow ?
We have tickets for the matinee . It starts at 3p . m .
Ok . I ' ll take it .
Where would you like to sit ?
Do you have anything in the middle section ? I want a good view , but sitting too close hurts my eyes .
Give me a pack of first-class stamps , please .
Here you are . That will be five dollars . Anything else ?
Yes . I want some post cards and some airmail stamps . I want to send some letters to South America .
Just a moment , I'll look up the rate for air-mail letters to South America .
Can you tell me how much it will cost to send a package to Colombia ? Also , I what to know how long it will take .
Do you have the package with you ? I would have to weigh it to see how much it would cost .
Do you insure package ?
Yes . All you have to do declare the value of the package and decide how much you want to insure it for .
Is there a way that I can be sure that the people in South america receive my package ?
The post office rarely loses package . You can , however , request a rectum receipt .
One last question-what are your hours ?
We open at eight-thirty in the morning and close at five-thirty in the afternoon .
Hi , Sally ! You are talking to the proud father of a new baby girl !
Congratulations , Bob ! That ' s great news , what ' s her name ?
We ' Ve named her Alice after my wife ' s grandmother .
Marry Lin's Office , this is Linda .
Linda , this is David Wang .
Hi , Mr . Wang , what can I help you with ?
I need to talk with Marry .
Certainly , hold on .
Here ' s my passport . I'm a visiting scholar .
Do you have anything to declare ?
No , these are all my personal effects .
What's in the bag ? Would you mind opening the bag ?
Not at all . I don't know what's dutiable . Do I have to pay duty on things for my own use ?
NO . You don't have to pay duty on personal belongings .
Is there anything I can do for you ?
I'm interested in taking a tour to Sydney .
Well , we have a package tour there .
How much does it cost ?
$ 600 .
Does that include the insurance ?
We have achieved great success last year . The most important is that we realize our strength lies in after-sale service .
Your achievement is obvious to all .
What we will do is to strengthen it .
Mary , can you tell me how you keep in shape ?
You'll never be in shape until you eat less and take more exercise .
Now , tell me what you often eat .
I often eat fish and eggs .
Do you eat a lot of vegetables ?
Oh yes , and fruits . I love fruits very much .
What do you like to drink ?
Well , I never drink alcohol , coffee or tea .
Whatever would you like to drink ?
I drink a lot of milk . I drink milk almost every day .
How often do you exercise ?
Well , I walk every day .
It's a good diet and a regular exercise .
Where are you feeling the pain ?
I can ' t stand up ! My stomach is killing me !
Can you put your hand where it hurts the most ?
It hurts smack in the middle of my gut !
Did this just come on suddenly ?
I felt OK until an hour or so ago , and then I just doubled over .
Have you exercised strenuously or played sports recently ?
No , and I don ' t usually get a lot of stomachaches .
We need to get you to an emergency room to see what the problem is .
Have you brought the receipt with you ?
No , I don't . I left it home .
Sorry , but we can't do anything without the receipt . Come back with it .
I didn't know . I'll go to get it . How late will you be open ?
Excuse me , sir . Are there only 3 programs in your hotel ?
Of course not . We have 50 channels in all .
Well . I am afraid it must be my fault . Can you send someone here to help me ?
So , how should we get to the theatre ?
Let's take the bus .
I hate the bus system in London ! The bus drivers are rude , the buses are never on time , and there are few people around who can help you .
It's not that bad . You probably just had a bad experience once .
It wasn't just once . Every single time I take the bus , something bad happens to me or to someone else on the bus .
We could take the subway , but we'd have to go three stops along one line and then change trains twice .
Train fares are twice as expensive as the bus fare , too .
If we don't hurry up , we'll miss the show . Should we take the bus ?
We're already late , so I think we had better take a taxi .
I don't think we'll be able to find a taxi very easily during hush hours . Let's just take the bus .
Fine . Have a look at the timetable to find out when the next one arrives .
It looks like it should be here in just a few minutes . don't worry . Nothing bad will happen . I'll even buy your ticket for you .
Thanks , that was nice of you .
The bathroom looks lovely . Did you redecorate it yourself or did you get someone in to do it for you ?
I did it myself . I went online and found a lot of website devoted to home improvement . Then I went to DIY shop and bought everything I needed . I ' m sure I saved a lot of money by doing it myself and it was fun too . I learnt a lot by doing it myself .
So , let ' s see . You have put new tiles on the floor and replaced a few tiles on the walls . You ' Ve also added a small cupboard for toiletries . The bath , shower , and washbasin are the same as before , aren ' t they ?
Yes , they are . I gave them a good clean . They are in good condition and don ' t need to be replaced .
How long did it take you to do the tiling .
As I hadn ' t done it before , I had to keep referring to income 3ation I got from the internet . Doing the floor tiles took a whole day-from early morning to right through to the evening . Then I spent a few hours replacing the cracked wall tiles . Putting the cupboard up took about an hour , so it took me two days altogether .
I think you ' Ve done a very good job . As least as good as a professional would do . Perhaps I can convince you to redo my bathroom ?
Are you ready to go shopping ?
Just a minute . I need to make a list of thinks that we need .
Good idea . Have you written down potatoes , carrots , and onions ?
I don ' t have onions on my list . I ' ll add them . We should get some tea . Is green tea ok or should we get the same tea that we usually get ?
Let ' s get both . We need some coffee too . Is that on your list ?
Yes , it is . Here ' s my list . Is there anything that I ' Ve forgotten ?
I think you ' Ve got everything . I want to got some chocolate and some cheese .
What kind of cheese do you want .
I ' m not sure . I ' ll decide at the cheese counter , when I can see what they have . Have we got enough money ?
We don ' t have enough cash , so I ' ll take my credit card and we can pay with that . Where are the car keys ?
Nice to meet you , sir . I come from New Times Clothes Company . We learnt that your exhibits on the Trade Fair in Shanghai this month were marvelous . Would you please quote the price ?
Before we discuss the price , may I ask you what kind of exhibits you are interested in ?
Your summer clothes for white-collar and men's jackets .
Can you give us a rough idea of the quantity you require ? It is generally known that the price varies according to the quantity .
That is to say , 10000 sets for the one of white-collar and 5000 for men's jackets .
In that case , our offer for the white-collar series is US $ 200 , and the other is US $ 300 per set .
Do you quote CIF or FOB ?
We usually quote on a CIF basis and a commission of five percent for you . You will find our price is most competitive .
What are your terms of payment ?
Letter of credit at sight .
Another question . Could you tell me the earliest possible time of shipment ?
Within a month after your letter of credit reaches us .
Well , I got all the point . All the decision will be made since I get the approval from my supervisor .
Let's go to the animal shelter .
What do you want to do ?
I want to get a puppy for my son .
That will make him so happy .
I'll get him one of those little dogs .
One that won't grow up too big .
And eat too much .
Do you know which one he would like ?
Oh , yes , I took him there yesterday . He showed me one that he really liked .
I bet you had to drag him away .
He wanted to take it home yesterday .
Didn't you say your friend was American ? Where is she going on her honeymoon ?
They're going skiing in Colorado .
What a coincidence ! These pajamas would be perfect to take along on the honeymoon !
Would you mind if I ask some personal questions ?
No . I don ' t . Please .
Are you in robust health ?
Do you work well under pressure ?
Working under pressure is exciting and challenging . I don ' t mind working under pressure . I work well under that circumstance . People can , I can .
Do you have any particular conditions that you would like the company to take into consideration ?
No , nothing in particular .
How soon can you begin working for us ?
Are you ready to order ? May I suggest a veal ?
No , I'll have the fish please .
The chicken is also nice .
No , I want the fish .
Our special tonight is lobster .
Thank you , but I prefer the fish .
Perhaps you'd enjoy the lamb .
No , I like the fish .
Hi ! Is that the new laptop you brought last week ? It looks very nice .
Yes , it is . Thanks . I ' m just surfing on the internet .
Here ? In this cafe ? How can you do that ?
This cafe offers a wireless internet connection . That means I can get on the net for free while I ' m here . Of course , I have to buy a cup of coffee !
That ' s great . Can you do it anywhere ?
No . you can only do it when the cafe offers a wireless connection . There are only about 10 or 12 places that offer it in this city .
So , what programs do you have on your laptop ?
I ' Ve got all the usual ones for word processing and then I have a few for creating and editing photographs .
I know you are keen on photography . It ' s very useful for you to be able to download photos from your digital camera . Then you attach the picture files to emails and send them to anyone , anywhere , at a
We have three dressings for salad . Which one would you like ?
What kind do you have ?
We have Italian , French and Thousand Island .
Hi , my name is Sovia . What ' s your name ?
My name is Jeff .
What do you do ?
I ' m a podiatrist . What about you ?
I ' m a nurse . What do you do in your free time ?
I like to play piano , go bowling and chat with my friends . And you ?
I like to hang out with my friends , play games and go swimming .
Would you like to go out some time ?
Sure , that ' d be great . Where would you like to go ?
Anywhere with you .
Hello . Where are you headed today ?
I'm off to Barcelona for a week .
Do you have your passport with you ?
Yes , here you go . I don't need a visa to go to Spain , do I ?
Fortunately for you , you don't . Next time , if you have any questions about visas , you should try to find out before you get to the airport .
That's good advice .
Would you like a window seat or an aisle seat ?
Are there any seats available by the emergency exits ?
Let me see here ... yes , there's one left .
Ok . I'll take that one then .
Alright . How many pieces of luggage are you checking in ?
I like to travel light so I just have this one .
If that's your only piece of luggage , it is small enough to carry on with you . Would you like to do that so you don't have to wait in luggage reclaim once you arrive ?
Yes , please . That's a fantastic idea . Which gate do I need to go to ?
What kind of character do you think you have ?
Generally speaking , l am an open-minded person .
What is your strongest trait ?
Cheerfulness and friendliness .
How would your friends or colleagues describe you ?
They say Mr . Sun is a friendly , sensitive , caring and determined person .
What personality do you admire ?
I admire a person who is honest , flexible and easy-going .
How do you get along with others ?
Hey Joe , what are you doing in this department store ?
Hi , Rita , I'm just looking for a pair of shoes . I won't be here for long .
Why not ? When I go shoe shopping , I have so many options for sneakers that I spend awhile looking at all of the choices .
That's my problem . I don't have a lot of options .
What do you mean ? This is a big store , isn't it ?
Yes , but I have unusually big feet . That wouldn't be too much of a problem except that they're also very wide , and only a few brands sell shoes that I can fit into .
So how do you usually go about buying shoes , then ?
Well , first of all , I can only go to certain stores that can guarantee me a large selection .
Well , you're in the right store . If they don't have it , no one will .
I have been thinking of buying a house and would like to speak with you .
I have time to speak with you . Where would you like to purchase your house ?
I am most interested in Pasadena or Arcadia , but would be open to other suggestions .
How many bedrooms and bathrooms do you need ?
We have several generations of family living in our household and so need a very large home .
Do you need to be located in a particular school district ?
It doesn ' t matter , as we do not have any children .
Is a view important to you , or would you rather be located on a lakeshore lot ?
In a perfect world , we would like a home with a view of the lake .
That's the warehouse where the large items of office equipment are stored .
If I ordered a desk today , how would it be before I got delivery in Scotland ?
Welcome on board . May I see your boarding pass ?
Here you are .
Your seat is three , in the third row , near the window .
Thank you . Where can I put my suitcase ?
Either in the overhead compartment or underneath the seat .
Excuse me . This bus goes downtown , doesn't it ?
Yes . Where do you want to go ?
The Workers'Stadium .
This is the right bus .
Will you let me know where to get off ?
Certainly . Four more stop after this . I'll call out the stops .
I ' Ve lost my purse .
Oh , dear . What was in it ?
All my money .
Are there any special requirements on the project ? And shall we talk around it in details ?
Yes , there're some samples in our office and you can take some to study it . Besides , you see , in recent years , we've visited a diversity of factory buildings all over the world and we hope that our building is the perfect match of advanced technology and attractiveness .
That's a good idea . We can improve our technology to meet your special need .
And please let white color dominate .
OK ! I've noted it down . And any others ?
Oh ! I've almost forgot the location was transferred to the A county in the east of the city .
I'll tell them .
Well , the most important thing is that our company demand the quality be exactly the same as the sample which you'll take from the office on the third floor .
Please feel assured that we'll abide by our promise . And we'll do everything we can to ensure delivery .
Thanks a lot . And I believe I'll have a good time working with you .
I think so . Bye !
What shall we do today ?
We'd better stay in the hotel , because the tour will begin tomorrow .
Let's go out for some exercise , shall we ?
What an excellent idea !
Shall we do some jogging ?
OK .
I feel well now .
Yes , some exercise is necessary for us .
I really want to make something for dinner .
What are you going to cook ?
I haven't the slightest clue what I'm going to make .
A teriyaki bowl sounds nice .
I don't know how to make that .
All you need to make it is white rice and some teriyaki beef .
That sounds fairly simple , but how do I cook it ?
The first and simplest thing you have to do is make some white rice .
What's next ?
Then you should shred your beef and pour some teriyaki marinade over it .
What's the next thing I need to do ?
Hi , good morning , Miss ? what can I help you with ?
Good morning I'd like to mail this box of books to Taiwan .
OK , please put it on this scale . Airmail or by sea ?
How long does it take to reach Taiwan by sea ?
Usually about two month .
That's too long . How long does it take to reach Taiwan by airmail ?
About ten days .
Then how much is that by airmail ?
Let me see . It ' s 57 dollars , 20 cents , including tax .
That's a little bit expensive .
Although it's expensive to send it by airmail , it's quicker and safer than by sea .
I guess I have to send it by airmail .
Do you want to ensure the contents , Miss ?
Yes , please .
Please fill out this form , also please write the value of the items in this space .
Darling , the airplane is going to take off . I have to go .
Sorry , I overslept . My clock didn't go off this morning .
Again ?
That's right , even though I did set the alarm last night .
Your clock never works . Perhaps you should buy a new one .
I can ' t believe these skirts are so cheap .
I know and they are really nice , too .
I ' ll have to get a couple in different colors .
Me , too .
Buy them now though , or they might not still be here tomorrow .
Dad , I ' d like to borrow some money .
Sure , Johnny , how much do you need ? five bucks ?
Come on , Dad , I need thirty thousand . I wanna get into the market . You know , I ' m tired of hearing all this news about the economic downturn , the inevitable recession , people stuffing their money in their mattresses . I look at this as an opportunity . This is a chance for me to get a jump start on building my nest egg .
I don ' t know about that . with all the uncertainty in the markets right now , it would be a very unwise decision to invest . I don ' t know if you ' re aware son , but there has been a lot of turmoil in the markets recently . There have already been half a million layoffs in the last few months , and we have no idea how the proposed stimulus package will impact the economy . There ' s just too much instability . I wouldn ' t feel comfortable investing in this climate .
But look at it this way , every challenge is an opportunity . And anyway , I ' m not talking about investing in the domestic market . There are emerging markets that promise great returns . Look at China , for example . they have 1 . 4 billion people , half a billion of whom have recently entered the middle class . Here alone , the aggregate demand for consumer goods represents an amazing wealth generating opportunity .
Come on , son , you ' re looking at this too naively , the Chinese market has exhibited a great deal of instability , and their currency has been devalued by almost a whole percentage point .
I'd like to buy some souvenirs .
What do you think of the pamphlets with beautiful pictures ?
That's nothing new .
How do you feel ?
I'm getting sleepy .
You've had so long a flight .
Time difference also makes me feel weak .
Oh , I forgot about it .
It's four o'clock in the morning in Chicago now , but it's time to go to bed in Shanghai .
What are we eating for lunch ?
I have no idea . What about you ?
I kind of want pizza .
I ate pizza the other day .
So , what do you feel like eating then ?
How about some burgers ?
I already had a burger yesterday .
What are we going to do ?
We can just each get what we want to get .
That sounds like a plan .
Do you know a place that sells pizza and burgers ?
Good morning ! What can I do for you ?
I'm thinking of travelling to Suzhou in July . Could you recommend some tourist programs for that ?
With pleasure . We arrange two kinds of tourist programs for Suzhou , a six-day tour by train and a five-day flying journey .
How much does a six-day tour by train cost ?
Five hundred yuan .
Does that include hotels and meals ?
Oh , yes , and admission tickets for places of interest as well .
That sounds reasonable . What about the five-day flying journey ? How much is that ?
Eight hundred and fifty yuan .
Covering all expenses ?
How does the political system work in your country ?
We have hundreds of constituencies and the voters in each one elect a member of parliament . Most people call them mp ' s .
Each mp belongs to a political party , right ?
Almost all of them do . A few are independent . That means that they do not belong to a party . If one party more than half of the mp ' s . they form a government . That means that they choose a prime Finist
What ' s a cabinet ?
This is a small group of people-perhaps 25 mp ' s who are usually ministers . They make all the big decision and discuss laws and policy .
Can any mp make a law ?
Any mp can present a law to parliament . The proposed law is debated and voted on . If it is accepted , it becomes law .
I suppose a proposed a law needs the support of the big political parties .
Yes , it does , because they have most of the mp ' s . most mp ' s vote the way their party wants them to .
How do people choose which party or candidate to vote for ?
What's the weather like in Britain ?
It's wet and rains a lot . But right now it's the golden season to take a tour there . It is fine there almost everyday .
That's great . Will I feel hot there ? I feel sensitive to heat .
Excuse me . Would you please make a suit with this material ?
Sure . May I take your measurements ?
Please don't make it too tight . This is for autumn wear , so make sure you allow for a cardigan underneath .
I see , sir . Can you come back for a fitting on the 10th , that's in a week's time ?
The 10th ? I'm sorry , but you see I'm going to attend an international conference on the 11th . Could you have the suit ready by the 8th , or at the latest , the 9th ?
Well , a business suit usually takes ten days ' time . But in your case , we'll try to have it ready sooner . How about coming for your fitting on the 8th ? Then your suit will be ready for you on the 10th ?
I'd like to see that pen , please .
You mean this one ?
No , the other one in the brown case .
Oh , this one ... Here .
May I try it ?
Sure .
It's very smooth . I'll take it .
Cash or charge ?
Where can I find the produce ?
Aisle A is where you'll find all the produce .
What sales do they have today ?
Excuse me , could you tell me where Peking University is on this map ?
Let me see . Here it is .
Could you tell me how to get there ?
I ' m afraid I can ' t because I ' m a stranger here .
Oh , thanks all the same .
Welcome to Al's Bakery . What can I get you ?
Hi ! Let me get a dozen croissants , four blueberry muffins and a loaf of sourdough bread .
Sure . Would you like to have the loaf sliced ?
No , that's OK . Do you have any whole wheat bread ?
We are out at the moment . May I suggest some rye bread ?
Sure that sounds good . Do you have any cakes ?
We have various birthday cakes and also ice cream cakes .
I'll just take a cheesecake .
Will that be all ?
Yes .
What ' s your attitude when do wrong things at work ?
Medicine Industry , this is Peter Bush speaking , can I help you ?
Good afternoon , could you connect this call with Mr Brown , please
May I know who's calling ?
This is Li Ping of ABC computer company limited . I'm calling on our Mr Wilson the general manager of our company .
I'm sorry , Mrs Li , Mr Brown is now in a meeting . May I have your number , and ask him to call you back later ?
I'm afraid Mr Wilson would like to speak to Mr Brown right now . He ' s got an urgent matter to discuss with Mr Brown without delay .
Ok , then would you please hold the line ? Mr Li , the line is through , Mr Brown is ready answering the call , go ahead .
Thank you for your assistance , Mr Bush .
Good afternoon , Mrs . Vale . Please sit down .
Thank you .
Did you work as a salesperson before , Mrs . Vale ?
Only as a clerk in a store .
I see . Well , consulting is a little different .
I'm a quick leamer , Mr . Jenkins .
Umm hmm . Do you have a diver's license ?
Yes , and I'm a very good driver .
Fine . We provide a company car for our consultants .
Do I have to travel a lot ?
Oh yes-five days a week . You have to visit customers all over the territory .
But how will I get to know the products ?
You'll have to attend a three-week course . If you do well , the job is yours .
How much is the salary ?
Starting salary is $ 150 a week-plus commissions , of course .
How much commission do your consultants get ?
Five percent .
Well , I'm very interested in the job .
Fine . The next course starts a week from tomorrow .
Thank you .
Hi , Francis , how was your business trip ?
It was a nightmare .
What ' s up ?
Actually , the business trip itself was very successful . We arrived on time , we had nice conversations and we settled some important issues for the next year .
Sounds quite fruitful , why do you call it still a nightmare then ?
Well , the air line lost my luggage on the return flight and then I lost my carry on bag when I was tackling with the officers in charge . I left the airport three hours later than I expected and then I was caught in a traffic jam . When I finally got home , I was totally exhausted . But I found the elevator was out of service due to a blackout .
This is really a sad story . Did they trace back your luggage ?
I am still waiting for their call .
Are you ready to order , sir ?
Yes , I would like a roast duck and my friend wants steaks .
How do you like your steaks ?
I'd like it medium-well .
You're here to make a deposit , is that correct ?
Right . I'd like to deposit 2,000 RIB into my Current Account .
No problem . Could I have the cash and your Bank Book , please ? Oh dear ... there seems to be some problems here ...
What ? What's wrong ?
I'm sorry but 5 of these notes seem to be counterfeit . Look at this watermark , do you see it ?
Excuse me , sir , I'm afraid you can't park your car here .
Why not ? It's my parking space .
I'm afraid not , sir .
Oh ? That's a surprise . Let me see ... D 0411 Our dog's birthday . Yes , I'm sure this my parking space !
But I saw a red car always parking here before .
Oh , we've just repainted our car . It was red .
Maybe . But the car of this space has a broken rearview mirror on the left .
Yeah . It used to . We got that fixed yesterday too .
Could you wait for a minute , sir ? I'd like to have a check .
Sure , go ahead .
Sorry , sir , my mistake . This is your parking space .
I am sorry to trouble you , but there's a lot of noise in the next room .
Oh , is there ? Which room is it ?
It's . I think , neighbours on the right .
You mean the room thirteen-thirteen ?
I'm not sure , but I think so . I'm very exhausted , but I can't sleep .
All right , ma'am . I'll check and tell them to be quiet .
We are redecorating and I'm going to add some things .
Well , I'll be glad to help you out . We can deliver what you need to your office .
Shall we meet at 1:15 this Thursday ? We definitely need some new filing cabinets and at least one desk unit .
How about your interview ?
They turned me down .
Why ? You are so excellent .
I think the only reason is that I was too nervous during the interview and I couldn't express myself the way I wanted to .
What a shame ! You should have showed yourself to them !
It doesn't matter . I'll try other companies .
I suggest you hunt for a job on the Internet .
On the Internet ? I've never heard of it .
It's very convenient and it has become popular recently .
Is that safe ?
Of course , if you log on some standard websites .
Can you help me out , Chuck ?
Sure . What's it , Yvonne ?
I want to put my desk over there , but it's too heavy for me to move .
Hello . I sent out my laundry yesterday . Aren ' t they ready ?
They'll be ready by this afternoon .
Oh , no ! I'm leaving for Japan at 11 this morning .
Is that right ? We're very sorry .
I thought it was " the same day " service . Anyway , please do hurry .
I'm afraid we can't return it by 11 o'clock .
Well , then , would you send it to Japan , please ?
Hi Bill , it ' s Jane .
Jane , I ' m on the other line , can you hang on for a second ?
Sure .
Good morning . Wilson Association .
This is Mr Brown speaking . I'd like to speak to Mr . Thomas , please .
I'm sorry , but Mr . Thomas left the office a few minutes ago .
That's bad ! I've been trying to call him for the last ten minutes , but your line has been busy . Will he be back soon ?
I'm afraid not . He's gone for the rest of the day .
Is there anywhere I can reach him ?
I don't believe so . He's going out of town on business . May I take a message ?
I have a business appointment with him for tomorrow morning at ten o'clock , but I'm afraid I can't make it .
Would you care to make another appointment ?
Unfortunately , I'm leaving town rather unexpectedly , and I may be gone for several days .
I see . I can tell Mr . Thomas that you phoned .
Thank you .
Bruno Bistro , how may I help you ?
Yes , hello , I would like to make a reservation please .
Certainly sir , For which day and time please ?
Tonight at seven .
I'm sorry sir , but we are fully booked tonight until eight .
In that case , eight o'clock is fine .
Very well , and how many people will attend tonight ?
Four people .
Lastly , may I please know what name I should make the reservation under ?
Mom , where are you going ?
I am going to buy some food to cook for supper .
Good . I wanna come with you .
How strange ! Our little emperor now asks to help out with shopping .
We learnt about vegetables and meat at school . But I never see the real thing .
Wow , that's something new . Let's go ! What's this , honey ?
Er , is it cabbage ?
Cabbage ? Is that what they teach at school now ? OK , honey , it's spinage .
Yeah , I know , this is Popeye's favorite food .
There we go .
Mom , come here . I know this , it is carrot , am I right ?
Wow ! What's the hold up ?
It ' s probably just people trying to get an early start out of the city for the weekend . Nobody sticks around in the summer .
Really ? Then , I guess I won ' t have a hard time finding a room or getting a cab ?
Actually , you might because there ' s a big convention in town this weekend .
It says here that you graduated from Beijing Normal University with a major in English Language and Literature .
Right . Then you may think that I am not fit for this job according to my educational background .
Yes .
But I want to be a tour guide very much because I like traveling and meeting various kinds of people . So I took an evening course at the Tourism School of Beijing after graduation and I have gotten a qualification certificate .
So you must be an extravert ?
Yes , I always enjoy being with a group of people and chatting with them .
What do you think are the responsibilities of a tourist guide ?
A tourist guide must be responsible for arranging and coordinating tour activities , and offering service of transportation , accommodation , sightseeing , shopping and entertainment .
Don't you consider it a hard work ?
Hard but interesting , I think .
Have you any experience as a tourist guide ?
Yes , I usually guided foreign tourists around Beijing when I was in University .
Have you ever learned any other foreign languages other than English ?
I need a pan .
Okay . Do you have a particular size in mind ?
Well , the bigger the better , I think .
Look at this one . It's our biggest pan .
Yes , that is big enough , but it's too heavy for me .
Okay , we have the same thing in aluminum .
Oh , this is nice and light . But it has an aluminum handle .
Try this one . Same aluminum pan , but with a heat-resistant bamboo handle .
Oh , yes . This is very nice . I'll take this one .
That's a good choice . How do you want to pay for it ?
Cash . Oh , I almost forgot . I need a lid , too .
Well , Randy , I'd say you've got a bad case of the flu . The main thing to do is get plenty of rest and drink lots of liquids . I'll prescribe something for that throat .
Thanks , doctor . Is there anything I can take for this headache ?
Some aspirin or Panadol should help . You can pick some up at the pharmacy when you go to fill your prescription .
Okay .
Welcome to IBA Bank , how can we be of service ?
I spoke to a girl named Claire on the phone ; it's about losing my card and everything .
What I need you to do first is fill in these forms , with as much detail as possible . Then we can get you a new card .
So , I can get my new card today ?
I'm sorry , Sir , the full procedure can take up to 7 days to process everything .
7 days ! What am I supposed to do for money until then ?
Excuse me , Miss .
What can I do for you ?
I've just heard an announcement that my flight has been delayed .
What's your flight number ?
Flight CA216 to Chengdu .
Yes , it's true . It has been delayed .
Could you please tell me why ?
Yes , of course . The delay is due to heavy rain .
How long will the delay be ? Do you have any further information about it ?
I am sorry , we don't know the extent of the delay at present . But according to the latest weather forecast , there will be a change in weather soon .
We have to wait . Well , is it possible for the rain to stop before noon ?
It's hard to say . Weather is so changeable in the summer . Please listen to the latest announcement about your flight .
Yes , I will . Thanks a lot . Bye !
I believe we ' Ve met before . My name's David .
Yes , at your company , I think . I'm Frank .
Oh , I remember now . Very nice to meet you again .
I take care of the letters . I may read , sort out and organize incoming mails .
So you have to open all the envelopes .
Yes , except the personal mail . And I also need to prepare the materials for posting and check the e-mail box regularly .
Do you need to file copies of the letters before sending them ?
Yes , and I check all the e-mails for Mr . Thomas .
I take care of the letters . I may read , sort out and organize incoming mails .
So you have to open all the envelopes .
Yes , except the personal mail . And I also need to prepare the materials for posting and check the e-mail box regularly .
Do you need to file copies of the letters before sending them ?
OK , Allen . It's your turn . Are you ready ?
I really would rather just listen . Isn't there anyone else who wants to sing ?
Come on ! In the two hours we've been here you haven't sung even one song !
I know , but ... Hey , Stanley's here ! I've been wanting to hear him sing all night .
Well , you asked for it . Why don't you put on an Elvis song for him . He loves " The King . "
Hello , Sir . You're here to discuss the Network Settlement Service , right ?
Yes , that's right . We want as much info as possible before we agree to anything .
Yes , it's important to be all clued up before you enter into any agreement . To make full use of the Network Settlement Service and take advantage of the whole banking system , we provide internal fund transfers , account inquiry , agency clearing to name but a few .
So , do you think our corporation will be eligible for this ?
do you like animals ?
yes , doesn't everyone ?
what's your favorite animal ?
it's hard to say . While dogs are more affectionate , cats are much easier to take care of .
have you ever had a dog ?
when I was little , we had a few domestic dogs at home .
they always say that dogs are a man's best friends . do you think that's true ?
definitely . rich or poor , dogs always love their masters .
how about cats ? Have you ever had one for a pet ?
i had one a few months ago , but she ended up running away .
how did that happen ?
she left through a window that was open one night and never returned .
you must have been devastated !
i was pretty sad . i still hope that she'll return some day !
I hope she does . Do you think you'll ever get another pet ?
I think I will . It's difficult to feel longly when you have a pet around .
i hope your cat finds its way back home .
Jenny , don't you think it's really charming ?
Yes . It's a feast of eyes to walking in the museum .
Let's take our time and enjoy the art and sprite of the famous museum .
Have you decided where to go for the vacation ?
I will join John in his mountaineering trip .
Woo cool . Which mountain are you going to conquer ?
We haven't made up our minds . Will you come with us ?
Excuse me , I ' Ve been waiting my main dish for quite a time .
Yes sir , just a minute , please . I ' ll check with the kitchen . Thank you for waiting . It takes another 10 to 15 minutes , I ' m afraid .
I have an appointment in half an hour .
I see .
Do you have anything else I can have instead ?
Well sir , yes . How about this stew ? We can serve you at once .
Anything else ?
Yes , one last thing . How much holiday time do you give your employees every year ?
Our employees receive fifteen days of paid vacation every year . If you don ' t use the full fifteen days , they carry over to the following year .
How about sick days ?
You get five paid sick days .
Any other benefits ?
Yes , we have an excellent retirement plan and medical insurance as well .
Great . Thanks so much for your time .
Doctor , I feel much better now . Will I be albe to go home some time this week ?
That's good to hear . You've had an ideal recovery from your operation . We're going to send you home tomorrow .
Do you think I can get back to work very soon ?
Don't be in such a hurry . I'm confident that you'll be completely recovered in 4 to 6 weeks .
Is there anything I should do ?
You'd better have a good rest for a week . Be sure to have regular meals . Stay away from alcohol . Give up smoking at least a little while .
Should I take some medicine ?
Yes . I'm going to give you some . Take one tablet of this medicine three times a day before meals . For that one , two tablets . And remember to come to the out patient department for a consultation in two weeks , please .
It's very kind of you .
What do we need to get from the supermarket ?
We need lots of things . I ' ll make a list . We need a bag of sugar , a loaf of bread and a crate of beer .
A crate of beer ? Why do we need that ?
Just joking . I would like to get a few bottles of beer though . We also need a liter of cooking oil .
we can buy a three-liter bottle . It works out cheaper per liter . We should buy a packet of butter and a few pints of milk too .
I ' d like to get a jar of strawberry jam and a bottle of tomato ketchup . Do we need any meat ?
I think we should get half a kilo of minced beef and a few pork chops .
Ok . Let ' s not forget fruit and vegetables . We need a bunch of bananas , a kilo of tomatoes and a bag of potatoes .
We should also get a tube of toothpaste and a bar of soap . Let ' s get a tub of ice cream too . We can treat ourselves .
Ok . We should get a few tins of tuna . Anything else ?
I ' d like a few cans of coke . We also need a dozen eggs and half a dozen sausages .
let ' s get a chunk of cheese too . Is that everything .
What about driving to Shanghai ?
Driving ? No way , it's too far .
I just thought it would be an interesting way to see lots of places . How long will it take ?
Too long , and you do not have much time .
Well , I'm glad you're finally back . I was wondering what happened .
I feel kind of stupid .
Why ?
We got lost coming back . I guess I don't really know this town yet .
You got lost . You're kidding !
No . We took a wrong turn somewhere . And Joseph doesn't know the town at all . So I started giving him directions . But I didn't really know where we were . So we got seriously lost .
You could have called .
I know I could have . But finally we asked someone where we were .
You've been gone for two hours . How could you get lost for so long ?
Guess where we ended up .
I don't know . Where ?
When we finally decided to ask someone , they told us we were in Grangerfield .
Grangerfield ! You were in Grangerfield ? That's a completely different town ! How could you drive to a completely different town ?
I don't know . The person we asked had to give us directions to the highway to get back here .
Grangerfield is like a dozen miles away from here .
I know it is . I don't know how it happened .
Hmm , maybe I do .
What ?
Maybe I have an idea how it happened .
How ?
You were too busy looking at Joseph , and you weren't paying attention to the road .
What do you think of our price ?
Your price has gone up sharply , hasn't it ?
Yes . We regret we cannot maintain our original price . Since the prices of the raw materials have been raised , we have to adjust the price of our products accordingly .
I agree with you there , but your price is unreasonable .
I don't think so . You must compare our price with that of other export houses . I'm sure our offer is in line with the prevailing market price level .
I don't think we'll be able to pay the price . To have this business concluded , you need to lower your price at least by 3 % .
I ' m afraid that there is no room for any reduction in price .
Don't you agree with me that in the long run , moderate prices will bring about large sales and more profit ?
We've already cut down our price to cost level .
Is that all ?
Yes , this is the best we can do .
Hello , this is the International Youth Hotel . How can I help you ?
oh , yes . I want to check whether you still have any vacancies . I need three single rooms for next Monday .
ok . There're vacancies . Since the peak season is coming , it's advisable to book soon . Would you like to make a reservation now ?
yes , please . Do you take credit cards ?
yes , we accept all major credit cards .
and how about Internet access ?
there's free Internet access in the lobby .
is it available in the rooms ?
Unfortunately not .
that's OK . Is breakfast included ?
yes , breakfast is included and parking is available .
fantastic . Thank you very much .
You have the right to remain silent . Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law . You have the right to have an attorney present during questioning . If you cannot afford an attorney , one will be appointed for you . Do you understand ?
Yes .
What's your name ?
My name is James .
What's your nationality ?
American .
What's your relationship with the victim ?
I don't know him .
Why did you attack the victim ?
Because he beat me first when I tried to stop him from grabbing my bag and running away .
How many times did you stab the victim ?
I stabbed his belly three times .
Did you know hat your actions might cause serous injuries or death ?
I knew , but I couldn't control myself .
Was it your intention to kill the victim ?
No . I didn't kill him on purpose , madam . It's him who caused the incident . I need to see my attorney .
Ahhchooo !
You've been sneezing a lot lately . Are you sick or something ?
No . Every spring time around April , I'm stricken with allergies .
I never have seasonal allergies .
Consider yourself lucky .
What are all the symptoms ?
Well , as you just saw , I sneeze a lot . Also , my nose becomes very runny , my throat sometimes itches , and my eyes start to water .
That doesn't sound good .
No , it's not . So you don't have any type of allergies ?
Well , I have a severe allergic reaction to alcohol . It runs in the family .
Everyone to some extent is allergic to alcohol .
I get it pretty bad . My whole face turns red , including my ears . My eyes become bloodshot , and I start to itch all over my body .
That's pretty bad .
Watch out ! It's dark over there .
That's all right . I can manage .
Be careful ! The road is muddy . You might slip .
Hello , this is ABC Corporation . May I help you ?
Yes , I ' m enquiring about your advertisement for a sales manager in today ' s newspaper . Is this position still open ?
Yes , but do you have any experiences as a sales manager ?
Yes , I have a lot of previous experiences in sales . I worked in sales departments for two companies since I finished my university .
That sounds fine . Please give me your name and phone numbers . I ' ll set up an appointment for an interview for you . It will most likely be in a couple of days . Is it all right for you ?
Yes , my name is Brian and my phone number is 5294870 .
So , Casey , how are things going with the photos for the press kit ?
Yeah , I ' Ve been meaning to talk to you about that . I might need to ask for an extension on that deadline .
You ' Ve had over a month to get this finalized ! Why are things delayed ?
Well , the thing is , we ran into a lot of problems . . .
I ' m not looking for excuses here . I just want to get this finished on time !
I know , and I apologize for the delay . But some things were just beyond my control . I had trouble booking the photographer , and then Michael was sick for three weeks , so I couldn ' t include him in the photos , and the design team lost all the files , so I had to re-do the pictures .
After I am accepted for unemployment benefits , what will happen next ?
You will receive a Notice of Unemployment Insurance Award letter .
What will that tell me ?
The Award Letter will tell you how much you will receive weekly .
Are there any other forms that I need to fill out ?
You will need to fill out a Continued Claim Form every two weeks .
What information will I need to provide on that form ?
They will need to know where you worked and how much money you made .
Are there any other questions on the form ?
Peter , enough with your computer games . Go do your homework now .
Can't I play more ?
No ! Stop playing computer games !
Mom , I'll be finished soon .
What's the side dish that you're making for dinner ?
I'm not sure . I was thinking of making a vegetable .
What kind of vegetable are you thinking about making ?
Do you know what kind of vegetable you want to eat ?
Why don't you make some corn ?
How would you like the corn ?
I don't understand what you mean .
Do you want it boiled , grilled , or microwaved ?
Why don't you grill it ?
That's how you want it ?
Yeah , that sounds delicious .
what shall we do after the volleyball match ?
how about going to the Olympic souvenir store to have a look ? I remember there is one in the gym .
that's a good idea . I was thinking of buying some gifts for my family .
me , too . What did you have in mind ?
I haven't decided yet , but I think the Olympic Mascots are a must .
I agree . They're very lovely , especially " Huan Huan " .
is that the red one ? That is my favorite , too . Do you know how much they are ?
the five dolls are sold together as a set , and they're priced according to the size . The bigger they are the more expensive .
oh , I see . If I buy more than a set , can I get any discount ?
I don't think so . All the souvenirs of the Olympic Games are very hot right now .
any other ideas ?
there are lots of things , such as postcards , key chains , posters and various arts and crafts .
Hi , I want to check out . Here is my room key .
One second , sir , while I print out your receipt . Here you are .
Thanks .
May I ask , sir , if you enjoyed your stay ?
Well , except for one night , I enjoyed the hotel . And I loved New York , of course .
Excuse me . What's the actual flight time from here to San Francisco ?
It's about twelve hours .
Can you tell me what time we're arriving ?
Sure . Let me see ... at 6:15 a . m . local time .
I see .
Could you tell me a little about the organization ? For example , how big is your workforce here ?
Well in total we have around 150 employees based in Hong Kong with another 400 in our head office in Beijing . The news desk staff in Hong Kong comprises around 80 staff .
I see . And how about the working hours ?
Well , as you know Rebecca , in journalism work hours are not exactly nine to five . You could be on call at any time . We do have to work very unsociable hours at times .
Well I am used to that , Mr . Parsons , so that ' s not really a shock for me .
Good , as long as you understand that .
And when do you need to fill the vacancy , Mr . Parsons ?
Yesterday ! But no , we are hoping to start from the beginning of next month .
Wow , this is amazing . I'm glad we've come here . So cool .
I always love skiing . You know , it's a cool game for cool people . Stay with me and you will be cool , too .
Hey , look over there . It seems that there is something interesting going on . Let's go and have a look .
Sure . It's probably the skiing show . Adam told me there were many skiing clubs whose members put on shows to attract more visitors .
See that . It's so dangerous . My mom would never allow me to do that .
Hey , don't be so pathetic . It's a maximal sports show . What else can they do to attract more visitors ? Stop all this fuss and enjoy the show .
You are right . But what if the avalanche happened ?
They are all very experienced and great skiers . So I suppose the chance for them to be buried by an avalanche is slim .
Anyway , the show is breathtaking . By the way , where did they get so much snow in here ?
Don't you know that ? Are you kidding me ?
Hey , not everyone is as lucky as you to have a father who is a scientist .
Sorry . Well , they have the most advanced snowmaking machine .
Do you think the snowmaking may cause pollution ?
It's possible . But the boss here said they were doing whatever they can .
It's a good thing . OK , let's go skiing .
Have you got change for a thousand ?
Sandy , can you help me contact these people ?
Sure , what do you want me to tell them ?
Well , I need to confirm the time of their classes .
Ok , where can I find their telephone number ?
They are all listed here on this sheet of paper .
Is it their home , office or cell phone numbers ?
Unless it ' s marked differently , it ' s their home numbers .
Alright . What if I can ' t get a hold of them by phone ?
Then , you should e-mail them with the information .
Where can I find their e-mail addresses ?
They should have then listed on their resumes .
And if there aren ' t any e-mail addresses ?
Then send them a SMS on their cell phone .
Ok . That sounds easy enough . Have you called any of them yet ?
Yes . I called the first three people on the list , but they didn ' t pick up .
Did you leave a voice message ?
I left a voice message on one---just for the first person on the list .
I see . What did you tell her ?
I told her that she should call me back at my office number .
Ok , so , maybe I should call her again .
Yes , that sounds like a good idea . She might not get the other message in time .
One more question . It looks like some of these numbers are long-distance . Do you have a calling card that I can use to get through to them ?
Sure . You can use this one . The pin number is written on the back of the card .
Alright . Thanks a lot . Don ' t worry . I ' ll take care of it .
Great work . I ' m off for the weekend ! See you on Monday .
What can I do for you , sir ?
We'd like to order breakfast for tomorrow morning .
Yes , sir . What would you like ?
Orange juice , scrambled eggs , bacon , toast and coffee .
OK , and when shall I bring it here ?
About seven thirty . By the way , could you also bring me tomorrow's papers ?
Hello . This is John ' s Distribution . Can I help you ?
Yes . I need some ice water delivered .
Are you completely out ?
No , I have some , but not enough for the long weekend .
Okay . I ' ll send someone to deliver it for you tomorrow .
Thank you .
Hello , Parker . How's everything ?
Can't complain . And you ?
Business is booming . I understand you want to meet up with me next week . How's your schedule look ?
Let me see . I can come out and see you first thing Wednesday .
The buildings are really magnificent .
Yes , millions of travelers come here every year for the view of the buildings .
The journey is worth while . Where are we going after this ?
I'd like to taste some local dishes . What would you recommend ?
That's fine . You must try this dish .
Could you tell me how this thing is cooked ?
It's fish steamed and served with our special sauce .
Is it good ?
Sure . It's a most popular dish .
I think I'll try it , and give me some green salad together .
We have two dressings for salad . Which one would you like ?
What kind do you have ?
We have French and Thousand Island .
What would you like to eat tonight ?
I'm not sure , what about you ?
Do you think Kentucky fried chicken is good ?
Good afternoon , Lexington Software . Angelina Dawson , how can I help ?
Hello , this is Quinn from IBA .
Ah , hello Quinn . Oh dear , you are calling to tell me there is a problem , aren't you ?
I'm afraid so , yes .
Hmm ... well , it was my first attempt ! Is it a very big mistake , or can we just alter it ?
Unfortunately it's rather a big mistake .
What do you recommend we do ?
I would recommend we scrap this one and you bring in another set as soon as possible .
What qualifications should a reporter have ?
As a reporter , he must have acute insight and language skills . At the same time , he must have good judgment , the respect for his job and tactical cooperation with others .
Can you work under pressure ? You know , people working here are all busy everyday since we're daily newspaper .
I need to use the ATM .
What ' s stopping you ?
I ' m not sure how .
I don ' t understand .
I ' Ve never used one before .
I can help you figure it out .
What do I have to do ?
Slide your card into the machine .
Then what ?
You need to type your PIN in .
What do I have to do next ?
Hello , thank you for taking the time to interview me .
Hi there , I ' m Bill Gotcha , the owner of Gotcha Enterprises . Did you find your way here OK ?
Your assistant gave wonderful directions .
Why are you switching jobs at this point in your career ?
Our Company is moving overseas and I wish to stay in the United States .
What are you best at ?
I am good at organizing systems that have been having problems .
What is your biggest challenge in terms of skills ?
I don ' t like to sit around and so like to always find things to do to keep myself busy .
Mike's Mechanics . Can I help you ?
Yes , how do I get to your shop from Chilin ?
Go straight up Zhongshan Road and you will see our sign on your right , after you pass the museum .
Good morning , can I see your passport , please ?
Here you are .
For business or pleasure ?
Business .
Can you tell me if there is a flight to New York ?
Yes . Flight DB117 departs at 5:38 pm and arrives in New York at 6:00 am with a layover in Chicago . It also makes a refueling stop at Colombia .
So many stops ! Don't you have any direct flights ?
May I come in , Mr Sun ?
I ' d rather you didn ' t , Miss Yang . I ' m very busy now .
Can I try later then ?
Yes , of course .
Is it all right for me to come in now , Mr Sun ?
Well , uh ... I ' m still pretty busy , but ... all right . Come in . What can I do for you ?
Do you mind if I sit down ?
Not at all . Take a seat . Now what can I do for you ?
I want to leave the department . Do you think I could put info a transfer ?
Yes . But why should you want to do that ?
Do you mind if I speak frankly ?
Not at all . Go ahead .
Well . You see , I don ' t like the office . I don ' t like the staff . And I ' m afraid of you . And I don ' t want to go one . So may I put info a transfer ?
So what do you think of my new dress ?
I think it ' s great ! I really like the color , and it goes really well with your eyes . I ' Ve actually been eyeing that dress at Maxine ' s for a while now , but I wasn ' t sure I could afford ninety-five dollars for a dress at the moment .
Um , ninety-five dollars ?
Yes , that ' s the price they were advertising it at . I was hoping it might go on sale soon . Why , how much did you pay for it ?
I bought it for one hundred and forty-five dollars at Helen ' s Boutique . I didn ' t know I could get it cheaper somewhere else .
Of course ! Everything at Helen ' s is overpriced , and they sell things that you can find at almost every other clothing store ! Why didn ' t you shop around ?
Our usual supplier has let us down and I ' Ve been looking through your parts catalogue . I need fifty GT670s . How soon can you deliver ?
I want to keep a pet , but I don't know which one to buy ?
Dogs are nice , but they are really energetic , and you need to make sure they get enough exercise every day .
Having a dog would probably be too much work for me , then .
What about cats ? They are more independent .
Actually , I was thinking of something a little more exotic . I don't want a common pet like a dog or a cat .
How about a lizard ? Are lizards more along the lines of what you were thinking of getting ?
Yeah , are they easy to look after ?
How much is it to rent an economy car ?
$ 19 a day or $ 129 a week , unlimited mileage .
Could I have one for tomorrow morning ?
Could I see your driver's license ?
Sure here it is .
I am sure we will make it up as soon as possible .
That's nice .
We hope this matter will not affect our good relations in our future dealings .
Good afternoon . Can I help you ?
I'd like to leave this bag with you .
OK , sir . Is there anything valuable or breakable in it ?
Well ... there is a necklace in it .
Would you mind taking the necklace with you , or leaving it at the safe deposit box ?
Well , don't bother . I'll take it with me . Will that be all right ?
Thank you , sir . Here is your tag . This cloakroom is open till 11:00 p . m . , could you pick it up by then ?
If this coat doesn't fit , may I bring it back later ?
Hello , this is Dunlin . May I speak to Mrs Smith ?
This is Mrs Smith . Can I help you ?
I am calling to say thank you for the interview yesterday .
You are welcome . I am very impressed by your capability .
Is there anything I should do ?
No , nothing . It's thoughtful of you to call me again .
Thank you . Please call me at any time if you have any questions .
Ok , I will . Do you have any question ?
No , thank you . Goodbye .
Mom , what are we going to make tonight ?
Curry and rice . What do you think ?
That sounds nice . I can peel the potatoes first .
Really ! Oh , honey , you are so sweet . I'll chop up this carrot .
Mom , the water is boiling !
Hi , Jeny . Are still working ?
Hi , Nacy . Come in please . I'm just putting away on my books .
So , you are leaving , aren't you ?
yes , I'm going to take a holiday tomorrow .
How nice ! I can see you are busying packing . I'm sorry to interrupt you .
That's all right . I'm almost finished . Do you need my help ?
Yes , could you please go over this for me ? and see if there is any mistake in it ?
Oh . all right I'll read it soon .
Excuse me for taking your time .
I've been so tired recently . I've been trying , but I don't think I'm up to this job .
You need to take a break , maybe a vacation .
Oh , yes , indeed . I've run out of steam . To be honest , I want to be in a different environment .
Is that so ?
Yes , I don't want to be stuck in a rut . I want to move on .
Have you decided ?
Yes . I want to get a better job .
Could you tell me why you want to quit ?
I quit just because of the dissatisfying salary and the trouble in getting along with my colleagues .
Oh , that's terrible . Do you want to get a higher salary in our company ?
I'm afraid not . I've promised my girlfriend . We'll travel southwards to find a job that offers higher pay .
OK , I'd like to say that I've really enjoyed working with you . However , I think you should work harder for your new job and then you can ask for higher pay .
Thank you so much for your advice .
And every best wish for your new job .
Good morning . Can I see Mr Jackson , please ?
Well . Have you got his permission ?
Yes . We have an appointment at eight o ' clock .
What ' s your name , please ?
Hello , may I speak to you for a few minutes ?
About what ?
I want to speak to you about this year ' s election .
Oh , really ?
Yes , I am a volunteer for the campaign .
I am very impressed .
I feel that history is about to be made , and I want to be a part of it .
That is very nice of you .
Will you be voting ?
Yes , I am going to vote .
Make sure you make it to your polling place early on Election Day .
Hello , sir . I'm ready for you .
Is it my turn ?
Yes , please sit on the chair . How do you want to have your hair cut ?
Not too long . Cut a little off behind and on both sides , too .
Hi ! Do you want a fill-up ?
Yes , please .
Which type of gas do you want ? Regular , Super , or Premium Unleaded ?
What's the price difference ?
Regular is $ 1 . 15 , Super is $ 1 . 25 and Premium is $ 1 . 39 .
Just fill it up with Regular , Unleaded , please .
Do you want me to check the tires and the fluids ?
Hi , can I speak with the apartment manager , please ?
Hello , this is the apartment manager speaking .
I'm calling about the apartment for rent on Main Street .
Would you be interested in seeing the apartment ?
I would love to see it .
Are you free today at around 6 p . m . ?
Yes , I will be able to make it then .
Well , I'll see you at 6 p . m . Do you know how to get there ?
I used to live in that area .
I'll give you an application form when I see you .
That sounds good . Do I need to bring anything ?
Are you a goal-oriented person ?
Yes , I am . I always make a plan before I do anything .
Where do you want to be in 5 years ?
I don't want to have a specific title . I just want to enjoy what I am doing .
That sounds very reasonable .
It's the most important thing to me .
If you are hired , how long do you plan to stay with us ?
That obviously depends on how things go - - whether I'm suited to the firm and the firm to me .
Tell me about some of your recent goals and what you do to achieve them .
I want to put my knowledge and experience to use in a challenging position . In order to achieve this goal , I just want to work step by step .
What is your long-range objective ?
I haven't thought it over at all .
What do you think is the most important thing when looking for a job ?
Would you like a smoking or non-smoking room ?
Hello , how can I be of service ?
Hello . I'm not sure who I need to speak to . I got this 50 yuan note today and it seems a little odd to me .
The first thing we do is check the feel of the paper ;d oes it feel too thick or too thin ? Then we check the watermark . In my opinion it is counterfeit . I'll just run it through the scanner to double check .
What happens now ?
Ah , ah , ah ...
All right , Bill . Here ' s your daily exercise schedule . You are to jog before breakfast .
Jog ?
Then , you are to walk to work .
Walk ?
Thirty minutes in gym at lunch time .
Oh no .
Use the stairs , never the elevator .
Oh , dear .
And three times a week , you can either swim , play racketball , or hand ball .
Oh no .
OK , you can stop now . It ' s time for the dance class .
Dance class ! I don't know how .
You will .
Excuse me . When's the next bus ?
The next bus will be here in four minutes .
Oh , good . That'll be the number forty four ?
No , it's the number fifty-eight .
So when's the next forty-four ? Will it be here soon ?
No , it won't .
So when will it be here then ?
Never .
Never ?
I would like to buy some local handcrafts as gifts to my friends and relatives .
There are many stores selling handcrafts in Paris . Our store is wellknown for vase , table wear and jewelry boxes . You can take your time and choose whatever you like .
Well , the tapestry is delicate and beautiful .
You have made an excellent choice , it is our newcomer . The tapestry is on hot sell with the design and quality . The design on it is traditional Paris architecture .
How much is it ?
100 frances .
Mmm , it is reasonable . Look at this set of table wear , it is so beautiful !
We have a piece of table clothing to go with it . It is a brocade one with pretty stars .
This silver vase is a good ornament for the living room .
You are right .
I will take the tapestry , the set of table wear and the vase .
OK . Do you like these candles ? They are on sale now .
I hope you can help . I've got a bit of a problem with your ATM .
Of course , that's my job . Oh , dear . What's happened ?
Well , it's eaten my card ! It won't give it back !
I see ... calm down , don't worry . May I ask what were you doing when it took your card ?
Yes . I was only entering my PIN . I'm terrible at remembering it , I'm so forgetful , you see .
Mmmm ... and exactly how many times did you enter it , please ?
Maybe three times . As I said , I always forget it .
Ah ! Don't worry ; it's just a security measure . If someone uses a card and cannot get the right PIN after three attempts , the bank keeps the card in case it's stolen . Just contact the bank and we'll get it back to you .
Oh , I see . So if I call my branch they can sort everything out for me ?
Yes , they'll be happy to help . Believe me , it happens to many people .
Mike , you're seventeen years old , right ?
Yeah , Why ?
You look quite mature beside your cousin who is eighteen .
Francis , you have done an outstanding work in the past six months . In view of your achievement , I trust you ' re now indispensable part of our company and you deserve an officer director title .
I am so happy to know that I could make some contribution to our company .
This title does not only give you a raising pay-check , but also increase responsibilities . Congratulations , and hope the best for you .
Hey , Jim , you're 15 minutes late . What's up ?
I got stuck in a traffic jam .
Hurry up , the show is about to start .
It looks like you're very interested in the circus .
Yes , I love to see the animal show .
I have never seen those before , but since you're so excited it should be good .
I'm sure you'll love it .
Is the factory fully-automated ?
Not completely . Our production process is partially-automated . We use robots on the production line for routine assembly jobs but some of the work is still done manually .
What about supply of parts to the production line ?
Well , the parts are automatically selected from the store room using a bar-code system . And there is an automatic feeder which takes them to the conveyor belt at the start of the production line .
What about the smaller components ?
How much does it cost for a bus pass ?
It'll be $ 65 for a monthly pass .
Is there anything cheaper than that ?
If you're in school , you can get a student pass .
Well , I am how much will that cost ?
The pass is free .
I don't have to pay for anything ?
You'll only have to pay for the monthly sticker .
How much is the monthly sticker ?
It's $ 24 for each month .
I'll take the student bus pass .
You stepped on my foot !
How come it is slow as a snail today ?
You mean the network connection ?
Yes , I wanted to look for some information on the company page just now . It took me almost one minute to open it . Then there is no response for any click .
I have the same question . I can ' t send out mails . We ' d better call the IT department and ask them to check it immediately .
OK , let's find somebody then .
Good . I'll take care of it .
Wait a second , Vince . You know what ? Why don't you let me handle it ?
Are you sure ? Do you have somebody in mind ?
Yeah . Let me see if he'll do it , and I'll get back to you .
OK . Just keep in mind it has to be somebody who can get along with Elvin .
We need a person who knows how to operate and repair all kinds of office appliances .
I used to hold a similar job for six years .
So you're quite confident in your experience and skill
I am so worried about this English contest . I have butterflies in my stomach now !
Are you planning on voting ?
Yes . Are you ?
I will be voting tomorrow .
What ' s your polling place ?
My polling place is at the park up the street .
Oh , yeah ?
Yeah , where is yours ?
I don ' t know .
How is it you don ' t know ?
The location of my polling place never came in the mail .
You can always just check online .
I have a reservation for a single with bath .
We are sorry , but single rooms have been occupied .
What's the room rate ? It is a little expensive for me , do you have any other rooms ?
Then how about this room , with just shower ?
May I see the room ? I ' ll take this room . Is the rate for the room only ?
I'm broke , and I have to catch another bus .
Why don't you have any money for another bus ?
I got hungry and bought some chips .
That was smart .
Anyway , do you have any change I can use for the bus ?
I don't have any .
I don't know how I'm going to get home .
Get a transfer from the bus driver .
How much is a transfer ?
It doesn't cost anything .
That's great ! Thanks for your help .
Are you going home now ?
No , I'm not .
What are you going to do ? Are you going to work late ?
No , I'm not . I'm going to look for an apartment .
An apartment ? Why ?
I'm going to try to find a place near the office .
Where are you living now ?
Out in the suburbs . It's a long trip to work every day .
How are you going to find an apartment ?
I'm going to buy a newspaper and check the classified ads .
Apartments in the city are expensive .
I like these shoes .
Do you realize that all these shoes are half off ?
Really ?
Excuse me , can I have an earphone please ?
Sure , but you have to pay $ 3 for it .
OK . Here you are .
Well , ou can't hear music until takeoff .
Good afternoon . This is Michelle Li speaking , calling on behalf of IBA . Is Mr Meng available at all ?
This is Mr Meng speaking , Michelle .
Oh , hello ! Sorry about that . I'm just calling to say that we've received your new Corporate Credit Card from HQ .
That was quick ! I wasn't expecting it until later this week .
Yes , our application procedures have speeded up since we started using the new fast-track system .
Shall I come in and collect it ?
Or we can send it to you . But if you would like to use it at the ATM , you'll need to wait for your PIN number .
Mmmm ... if I come in and collect it this afternoon , is there any way I could use it today ? Petty cash is getting low , so I need to draw some money .
As long as you bring your ID , etc , we can serve you over the counter . But you won't be able to use the ATM until your new PIN number arrives .
I ' Ve come to hear about your offer for bristles .
We have the offer ready for you . Let me see ... here it is . 100 cases Houston Bristles , 57 mm , at 10 pounds sterling per kilogram , C . I . F European Main Ports , for shipment in June 2001 . The offer is valid for five days .
Why , your price has soared . It ' s almost 25 % higher than last year ' s . It would be impossible for us to push any sales at such a price .
I ' m a little surprised to hear you say that . You know very well that markets for bristles have gone up a great deal in recent months . The price we offer compares favorably with quotations you can get elsewhere .
I ' m afraid I can ' t agree with you there . I must point out your price is higher than some of the quotations we ' Ve received from other sources .
But you must take the quality into consideration . Everyone in the trade knows that US ' s bristles are of superior quality to those from other countries .
I agree that yours are of better quality . But there ' s competition from synthetic products , too . You can ' t very well ignore that . Prices for synthetic bristles haven ' t changed much over the years .
There ' s practically no substitute for bristles for certain uses . That ' s why demand for natural bristles keeps rising in spite of cheaper synthetic ones . To be frank with you , if it were not for the long - standing relationship between us , we would hardly be willing to make you a firm offer at this price .
It was nice talking to you .
Why are you trying to rush me off the phone ?
I really have to go .
Why ? I still wanted to talk to you .
I have things to do .
Like what ?
Don't be nosey .
I'm not . I just want to know .
Well , it's really none of your business .
That's harsh .
I'm sorry , but I have to go .
Good afternoon .
My goodness ! It ' s the afternoon ? Doesn ' t the time fly ! Do come in and sit down .
Thank you .
What ' s the time ? My watch has stopped .
It ' s half past twelve .
When do you have lunch ?
From one to two .
What do you normally eat ?
We usually go to the cafeteria .
Oh , it ' s time to have lunch now .
Good morning everyone . Thank you for attending the meeting today . I'm sure you all have a copy of the agenda . So let's get started with the first issue .
We're here today to present to you the results of our marketing research regarding the consumer behavior .
I would like to begin by introducing our foreign guests to our stuff on your left ( right ) , we have Mr . Brown , who is Vice President of Sales . Next to him is Ms . Arts , Director of Marketing for the Atlas Company . In the back row is Dr . Barolo , who is visiting from Italy . Thank you all for coming .
I am sorry , but I cannot stay for the rest of class today .
Why do you need to leave early ?
I don ' t feel so good .
What doesn ' t feel right ?
I feel as if I am going to be sick to my stomach .
Perhaps you should get checked out at the Student Health Center before you go home .
I have some medicine at home that I could take .
Are you going to be OK to drive home , or would you like someone to go with you ?
Thank you , but my friend is in the library , and he can give me a ride home .
I would like to take a trip to the beach this weekend .
A trip to the beach would be fun . How is the weather going to be ?
The forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend .
So do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach ?
It sounds like it will be .
I really hope it doesn't get cold .
That would ruin things , I want to go so badly .
The weather in California is unpredictable , so you never know .
That is true . The weather is constantly changing .
It would be nice if the weather would never change .
That would be great , then we could plan things sooner .
Do you believe in god ?
Not at all . I ' m an agnostic . do you ?
I ' m not sure . Why don ' t you believe there is a god ?
I think everything has a scientific explanation rather than a theological one .
I basically believe in science over theology . I mean , I believe in evolution for example . However , there are many things that science hasn ' t explained yet .
I ' m sure that science will explain everything eventually . I think that the strangest thing about religion is that so many religions people act in ways that their religion claims are wrong .
For example ?
Religions preach tolerance , but many wars are caused by intolerant religious fanatics .
Welcome to IBA . Can I help you ?
Yes , please . I'm here for an International Settlement . Our company has to effect payment , and it needs to be done today . Here's the advice slip for the payment .
Thanks . I'm sorry to say that you need to get this stamped . There is no stamp on this slip and it is essential before I can process it for you .
I see . So , I need to stamp it . And sign it too ?
Yes , that's right . Down here , at the bottom right hand corner to show that you agree to pay the printed amount .
I'm in 507 . I have a few problems with my room .
What is that problem , sir ?
There are cockroaches in my room .
Are you sure , sir ? Flies I could believe , but cockroaches ?
I've counted nine different cockroaches , and I accidentally stepped on another one .
Sir , we run a spotless and cockroach-less hotel .
You dare to doubt me ?
How much was your watch ?
Daddy , are you going to the park with us this weekend ?
Honey , I have a lot of work to do .
So you can't go with us , right ?
No .
Daddy , you always arrange your schedule so tight on weekdays . You should have a rest on weekends .
What park do you want to go to ?
Daniel wants to go to the aquarium . While Mom wants to visit the Summer Palace .
Haven't we been these places already ?
Yeah . I don't agree with them , but I don't have a better choice .
What about the Olympic park ?
Right , ah . It is so close to our home . How come we've never thought of that ?
The Olympic Park has a small forest . It is fit for picnic .
Excuse me . Can I open a postal savings account in your office ?
Of course . What kind of postal savings account do you want to open ?
Hum .. Can you recommend me one with high interest ?
OK . We offer a few different kinds of postal saving services . They have different interest rates .
I want the one with the highest interest rate .
That would be our Savers Plus account . You must pay 10 000 yuan into your deposit account . In this way you can get 5 % dividend at the end of the year .
All right . I'II open this one .
Just fill out these forms , and I ' ll be with you in one second .
Thank you for organizing this great baby shower for me ! I ' Ve always been to baby showers but never actually had one held for me ! Let ' s get started !
Ok , let ' s start opening some presents !
Oh look ! What a great little bib for the baby ! This will definitely come in handy ! Oh wow , you also got me a stroller ! That ' s so great ! Thank you !
This next one is from Betty .
A highchair and car seat ! Wow Betty , thank you so much ! I really appreciate it !
One more from Carla .
A playpen and crib ! Thanks Carla ! This is just what I needed !
OK , that ' s all of them . No more gifts . Now who wants to guess when the baby is due ?
Ahhs ! I'm beat !
What happened to you ? You look like you got hit by a tornado !
I just got back from fighting the crowds .
You mean at the mall ? Was there a sale ?
Yeah . For five minutes , everything was half off . It was total chaos ...
Cool !
Hi , I am afraid that the fax machine in my room won ' t be working till tomorrow . A technician has just come and checked it . He will bring me a new one tomorrow . It seems there is a big problem with mine and it will take some days for repairing . Can I use the one in your office ?
Of course you can . I am sure this one works very well . I just sent dozens of pages . How many pages are you sending ? Are you familiar with my fax machine ?
Yes , I think you have the same model as I have . Does your fax machine print out immediately a transmission protocol ?
I'm calling about our appointment . I can't call on you this evening . My wife is terribly ill .
Sorry to hear that .
How about next week ?
I like to open up a savings account please .
O . K . We offer a few different kinds .
I want the one with the highest interest rate .
That would be our Saver's Plus account .
4 . 5 % , that's good . How much money do I have to keep in it to get that rate ?
You have to maintain a balance of $ 10,000 in the account or the rate drops to 3 % .
All right . I ' ll open one of those .
Just fill out these forms , and I ' ll be with you in one second .
That China-gown of Tang-Dynasty style is so beautiful . Would you show it to me , please ?
Absolutely . Here it is .
Could I try it on ?
Please do , the fitting-room is over there .
It feels a little tight around the waist . Do you have a bigger one ?
I'm sorry . We don't have this color in your size . We have some green ones in your size . Would you please have a look at this green one ?
OK . How much does it cost ?
Where can I call a taxi ?
Hello , could I speak to Allison , please ?
I'm sorry , he's out at the moment .
When do you expect him back ?
I think he'll be back in about an hour at least .
Well , may I leave a message ?
Yes , of course .
Would you please ask him to call Chris when he gets back ?
Ok . Does he know your number ?
I'm afraid he doesn't . My mobile is 139- 2477 - 4026 .
Come in , Arnold . Have a seat .
Good morning .
Would you like something to drink ?
No , thank you . I just had two cups of coffee at my desk .
So , you're a serious coffee drinker .
Yes , it keeps me going . Sometimes I think I'm addicted .
Well , coffee isn't such a bad thing . Everyone has to have something . For me , it's cigars . Are you a cigar smoker ?
No , I've tried them . But I'm not really a smoker .
Well , what would you like to talk to me about ?
I wanted to set up this meeting with you to discuss a little proposal .
I'm glad when people have new ideas around here . Tell me about it .
It is about the staff meetings . You know how we have a staff meeting every Tuesday .
Yes .
Well , I have been thinking about it . And I believe we could do things more efficiently here .
What do you suggest ?
The way it is now , the staff from all four branches get together once a week . We meet for one hour . But I think a lot of time is wasted in transportation .
You mean because people have to go across town to get here .
Yes . Some people spend half of the morning on the road .
That's true . But our staff meetings are very important , Arnold . I don't know how we can function without them .
I think they are important too . That ' s why I want people to have a better attitude about them .
I know a lot of people think the meetings aren't too useful . I'm aware of that .
Here's what I propose . I think we should meet once every two weeks , but meet for ninety minutes or more .
Well .
I also think the meetings should be more focused . And I would be willing to take responsibility for that .
You mean you want to run the meetings ?
No , not really run them . But I could help organize them . I could discuss meeting topics with you , and then prepare a schedule for each meeting . I could then send an e-mail to all the staff to explain the coming meeting . This way the meetings would become more focused , and people would prepare better .
Hmm . But we would meet every two weeks .
I really think it would work . The meetings could be longer , and better organized .
I am not against the idea , Arnold . It may really be more efficient , as you say . I'll tell you what we can do . Why don't we try your proposal for a month , and see how it works .
Excellent . I would be happy to get started on it .
Good morning , Madam . What can I do for you ?
Can you show me some traditional Chinese arts and crafts ?
Maybe sandalwood fan is good .
Would you show me some ?
Of course .
They really smell fragrant . How much is a real sandalwood fan ?
The small ones are one hundred yuan for each . And the big ones are two hundred and thirty yuan .
I'll take two small ones and a big one .
What else are you interested in ?
I'm afraid not .
Hello . I want to send the computer to my sister in Shanghai by logistics transport .
OK . Is it in the box ? May I see it ?
Yes . This is the computer and this is the keyboard and the monitor .
Is there anything else ?
There are a mouse and a camera .
Is that all ?
Yes . How much is it to send these things to Shanghai by regular delivery ?
It depends on the weight of these things . Generally speaking , we will charge you ten yuan for one kilogram .
I see . Can you weigh them for me , please ?
Please go over there to weigh them .
You want to argue your ticket today ?
Yes . That is why I'm here .
Tell me your argument .
I was pulled over for allegedly speeding .
Are you sure you weren't speeding ?
To be honest , I really wasn't .
What speed were you going ?
I was under the speed limit . I was going 35 , when the speed limit was 40 .
I'm just going to let you go , since the arresting officer isn't here .
What about my ticket ? Do I still need to pay ?
Don't worry about it .
Has your son started school yet , Tom ?
Next week , it ' s going to be quite a shock for him !
He ' ll get used to it . They always do . I still remember when my daughter started . Are you going with him on his first day ?
I am sorry . I didn ' t accomplish the job on time .
I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there ' s something wrong with the fax machine .
What ' s wrong with the fax machine ? Is it urgent ?
Yes , very urgent . And there is no other fax machine around . And the office of our boss is closed , so I can not use his machine either . And his secretary is out . Do you have any suggestion ?
Taxi !
Where will you go , sir ?
Friendship Hotel .
OK , it's not far from here .
I have something important to do , can you fast the speed ?
Sure , I'll try my best . Here we are .
How much should I pay you ?
The reading on the meter is 15 yuan .
Here's 20 yuan , keep the change .
what do you think about the public service advertisement for quiting smoking ?
while I think it's great that they're trying to get people to quit smoking , but I don't really care for the advertisement .
why not ?
the fish hook that they use is quite disturbing !
it's a pun . They use the fish hook to make you think about how you can get hooked on smoking .
I know , but I think it's not really appropriate for young children .
I think they're trying to scare the young people so that they don't ever start smoking .
all advertisers like to catch young people because they know the meaning of loyalty .
perhaps you're right , , though . Maybe the advertisement would be more effective with adults anyhow .
I have nothing against them putting the advertisements in magazines and newspapers that are read by adults , but I don't think they should have their ad on billboards where children can see them .
that's a good point . I think I was so delighted to see that a billboard was being used to promote health that I didn't think about how children might understand the ad .
I saw a vacancy board outside for assistant . Has the vacancy been filled ?
Not yet . But do you have any experience as an assistant ?
Yes . I have a lot of experience in that . I have worked for the sales company as an assistant since finishing my university .
Janice , I can't find the document I was working on last month . Can you help me to look for it ?
Susan , I'm sorry . Did you look up those files I requested ?
Yes , but I still can not find it . Maybe it is in this cabinet .
I couldn't find the files you request , even though I checked all the cross-references . I don't think it's there .
I am sure that document was filed .
Well , let me check again under a different heading .
Good idea ! It seems that I asked you to put it in Nova's files .
Excuse me , but could you tell me the way to the railway station ?
The railway station ? Just go down this street and turn left at the second corner . The station is at the end of that street .
How long will it take me to get there ?
It's about a ten-minute walk .
That's very clear . I think I can find my way now . Thank you .
Good morning ! May I help you ?
Yes . My wife and I are interested in renting a house for the summer .
Do you want a furnished house or an unfurnished one ?
Furnished .
Very well . How long do you want the house ? All summer ?
No , not all summer . Just for six weeks .
I'm afraid I can only rent it for two months .
My holiday is only six weeks , but I think my brother and his family would take it for the other two weeks . Is the house in good condition ?
I have been very busy this year , working late , often taking work home and taking no vacation . I feel exhausted .
You should ask for a holiday and relax yourself for a little bit . You worked so hard .
Our new production control program's going live on Monday . The old and the new programs will operate in tandem for four to six weeks . That should give us time to iron out any little problems .
Hope it all goes well . We're very busy at the moment and certainly don't want any problems at this time of year .
I see there are some workmen on the site . When is the building work due to start ?
Well , it'll take three weeks to demolish the old building and clear away the debris . We should be ready to start the construction work in week 23 .
How long will the sub contractors be on site ?
About ten weeks in total if everything goes according to plan .
I see myself as being honest , diligent , persevering and creative . And I have a strong sense of responsibility . How about your psychological resilience ?
How about your psychological resilience ? I think I can work well under pressure , if necessary .
I think I can work well under pressure , if necessary . How would you deal with those who are not easy to get along with ?
How would you deal with those who are not easy to get along with ? I will just be sincere and friendly to others , and I believe they will treat me the same way .
I will just be sincere and friendly to others , and I believe they will treat me the same way . You seem to be a kind-hearted lady .
You seem to be a kind-hearted lady . Thank you . I simply believe the goodness of human nature .
Thank you . I simply believe the goodness of human nature . Please tell me your weaknesses if you can .
Why is there water all over the bathroom floor ? I'm sorry - it's my fault . I was filling the bathtub and I left the water running too long , so it overflowed .
I am dropping off my prescription to get it filled . You can come back in twenty minutes , and it will be ready .
You can come back in twenty minutes , and it will be ready . If I couldn ' t wait , could the prescription be mailed to me ?
If I couldn ' t wait , could the prescription be mailed to me ? Yes , you can have it delivered or filled at any location in our HMO .
Yes , you can have it delivered or filled at any location in our HMO . When should I take this medication ?
When should I take this medication ? You need to take it at bedtime .
You need to take it at bedtime . Should I take this medicine on an empty stomach ?
Should I take this medicine on an empty stomach ? Don ' t mix alcohol with this medication , but you can take it with or without food .
Don ' t mix alcohol with this medication , but you can take it with or without food . What are the side effects of this medication ?
Dear , can you drive me to the clinic ? I'm afraid I can't .
I'm afraid I can't . Why ?
Why ? Well , my car won't start . I don't know what's the matter with it .
Well , my car won't start . I don't know what's the matter with it . Could it be the battery ?
Could it be the battery ? No , I don't think it could be . I checked the battery two days ago . It must be other problems .
No , I don't think it could be . I checked the battery two days ago . It must be other problems . Well , I suppose it could be the gas .
Well , I suppose it could be the gas . No , there is plenty of gas . I filled it up yesterday .
No , there is plenty of gas . I filled it up yesterday . Perhaps it's the starter then ?
Hey , Mary . We're back . Have you eaten yet ? I had some bread for breakfast .
I had some bread for breakfast . Let's go out for brunch .
Let's go out for brunch . Brunch ?
Brunch ? It is a meal that combines breakfast and lunch . On Sundays , many Americans sleep late and go out for brunch . Those who go to church without having breakfast have brunch also .
Can you give me a hand with some things in the kitchen ? I don ' t think I can finish everything in time . Ok , what do you want me to do ?
Ok , what do you want me to do ? First of all , I need you to do the drying up . I ' m almost finished the washing up . I ' m going to clean the cooker when I finish .
First of all , I need you to do the drying up . I ' m almost finished the washing up . I ' m going to clean the cooker when I finish . Ok . I ' ll put the plates and cutlery away as I dry them . Where is the tea towel ? Oh , here it is .
Ok . I ' ll put the plates and cutlery away as I dry them . Where is the tea towel ? Oh , here it is . We ' ll have this finished in no time with two if us working on it .
We ' ll have this finished in no time with two if us working on it . While you ' re cleaning the cooker , I ' ll wipe the worktop . That was a great meat , by the way .
While you ' re cleaning the cooker , I ' ll wipe the worktop . That was a great meat , by the way . Actually , it was just some leftovers from yesterday . I made far too much food to eat alone . I am glad you could come over to help me finish it .
Actually , it was just some leftovers from yesterday . I made far too much food to eat alone . I am glad you could come over to help me finish it . My pleasure ! This tea towel ' s a little ragged . Do you have another one ?
My pleasure ! This tea towel ' s a little ragged . Do you have another one ? Yes . Look in that drawer . I should throw the old one out .
Good morning , sir . May I help you ? Yes , I'd like to settle my bill .
Yes , I'd like to settle my bill . Certainly sir . May I have your room key , please ?
Certainly sir . May I have your room key , please ? Sure . Here you are .
Sure . Here you are . Just a moment , please . I'll draw up your bill for you ... Thank you for waiting , sir . Your bill totals two thousand six hundred and fifty-eight yuan , including the phone and laundry .
Just a moment , please . I'll draw up your bill for you ... Thank you for waiting , sir . Your bill totals two thousand six hundred and fifty-eight yuan , including the phone and laundry . That much ! Would you mind letting me have a look at it ?
That much ! Would you mind letting me have a look at it ? Not at all , sir . Here you are .
Not at all , sir . Here you are . Thanks . Well , It seems to be right . How much is that in dollars , please ?
Thanks . Well , It seems to be right . How much is that in dollars , please ? Just a moment , sir . I'll calculate that for you . It comes to 305 dollars and 52 cents at today's exchange rate .
Just a moment , sir . I'll calculate that for you . It comes to 305 dollars and 52 cents at today's exchange rate . I see . OK .
I see . OK . How would you like to make the payment ?
How would you like to make the payment ? In cash , please . Here you are .
In cash , please . Here you are . Thank you , sir ... Here is your change . Could you check it , please ? Thank you for choosing our hotel . I hope you enjoyed your stay .
Thank you , sir ... Here is your change . Could you check it , please ? Thank you for choosing our hotel . I hope you enjoyed your stay . By the way , please forward my mail to this address .
Could you project what you would like to be doing five years from now ? As I have some administrative experience from my last job , I may use my organizational and planning skills in the future .
As I have some administrative experience from my last job , I may use my organizational and planning skills in the future . How do you plan to accomplish this ?
How do you plan to accomplish this ? By doing everything necessary and for further study .
By doing everything necessary and for further study . How long would you like to stay with this company ?
How long would you like to stay with this company ? How long I will stay with the company depends on whether the company and I are satisfied with each other .
How long I will stay with the company depends on whether the company and I are satisfied with each other . What do you think of this industry's outlook in five years ?
Can you tell me where it hurts ? I am so glad they called you . It feels like something is really wrong with my stomach !
I am so glad they called you . It feels like something is really wrong with my stomach ! Does it hurt when I push here ?
Does it hurt when I push here ? It ' s mostly on my right side . Right here !
It ' s mostly on my right side . Right here ! Have you been feeling this way for awhile ?
Have you been feeling this way for awhile ? I started feeling kind of sick last night after dinner , but this morning the pain got really bad !
I started feeling kind of sick last night after dinner , but this morning the pain got really bad ! Have you eaten anything unusual lately ?
Have you eaten anything unusual lately ? No , not that I remember .
No , not that I remember . We are going to take you to an emergency room right now .
Thank god you are open ! I have an emergency ! Hello , Mr . Henderson what can I do for you ?
Hello , Mr . Henderson what can I do for you ? I need this dress and this suit dry cleaned ASAP !
I need this dress and this suit dry cleaned ASAP ! OK , I can have it ready by the end of the week .
OK , I can have it ready by the end of the week . No , you don ' t understand , I need this tomorrow morning ! I accidentally spilled beer all over my wife ' s dress and we have a wedding to attend tomorrow ! She ' s gonna kill me !
No , you don ' t understand , I need this tomorrow morning ! I accidentally spilled beer all over my wife ' s dress and we have a wedding to attend tomorrow ! She ' s gonna kill me ! OK , I can have it ready tomorrow afternoon , but this suit is also very stained . I can ' t guarantee we can remove it completely .
OK , I can have it ready tomorrow afternoon , but this suit is also very stained . I can ' t guarantee we can remove it completely . Fine ! Can you also iron and starch this shirt ?
Fine ! Can you also iron and starch this shirt ? Certainly .
Good coming , sir . What can I do for you ? Good coming . I would like to open a new account . I want to deposit 500 dollars .
Good coming . I would like to open a new account . I want to deposit 500 dollars . Very good , sir . What kind would you like ?
Very good , sir . What kind would you like ? Could you tell me how many kinds there are in your bank ?
Could you tell me how many kinds there are in your bank ? Besides the checking account , there's a monthly savings account and a daily interest account .
Besides the checking account , there's a monthly savings account and a daily interest account . Oh , I think I'd like to take the monthly savings account then .
Oh , I think I'd like to take the monthly savings account then . Would you fill out this form ?
Would you fill out this form ? OK . Here you are .
OK . Here you are . All right . And here's your deposit book .
All right . And here's your deposit book . Thank you . Goodbye .
Let's have a look at the map first . All right . Wukesong stop is quite a few stops from here .
All right . Wukesong stop is quite a few stops from here . Let's buy some tickets .
Let's buy some tickets . The train is coming . There are a lot of people waiting here . let's stand in a better position to get on the train
The train is coming . There are a lot of people waiting here . let's stand in a better position to get on the train Well , it's not as crowded as we expected , is it ?
Good morning . May I help you ? Yes . I'm looking for an apartment , I'd like two bedrooms .
Yes . I'm looking for an apartment , I'd like two bedrooms . All right . Have a seat , please . Let me ask you a few questions . First of all , may I have your name , please ?
All right . Have a seat , please . Let me ask you a few questions . First of all , may I have your name , please ? My name's Donald Eakins .
My name's Donald Eakins . How do you spell your last name , Mr . Eakins .
How do you spell your last name , Mr . Eakins . It's E-A-K-I-N-S .
It's E-A-K-I-N-S . E-A-K-I-N-S . First name , Donald . And what's your present address , Mr . Eakins ?
E-A-K-I-N-S . First name , Donald . And what's your present address , Mr . Eakins ? It's 1446 Pine Street .
It's 1446 Pine Street . 1446 Pine . That's in San Francisco , isn't it ?
I'd like to extend my visa for another two years . Are you on a tourist visa or a student visa ?
Are you on a tourist visa or a student visa ? Student visa .
Student visa . What is the reason for extension ?
What is the reason for extension ? I'll go into a practical training as soon as I receive my Master ' s degree from the University of Pennsylvania early next month .
Lisa , is there a milk section ? No , there's no such section . The dairy section is where you'll find milk and cheese .
No , there's no such section . The dairy section is where you'll find milk and cheese . What's Condiments ?
What's Condiments ? That's where you'll find things like salt and pepper .
That's where you'll find things like salt and pepper . Oh , I see .
Oh , I see . Let's go to aisle 4 to pick up some pasta for tonight .
Let's go to aisle 4 to pick up some pasta for tonight . Great ! Pasta for dinner .
Great ! Pasta for dinner . And let's get a loaf of bread at the bakery for breakfast .
And let's get a loaf of bread at the bakery for breakfast . Maybe we should get a shopping cart .
Have you seen the sales report for last quarter ? Who do you think is our digest threat ? From the numbers , it seems like Forest Inc . is our digest competitor ... Le'Ban and Markford are also major contenders in our market .
From the numbers , it seems like Forest Inc . is our digest competitor ... Le'Ban and Markford are also major contenders in our market . Le'Ban is the new kid on the block , it's amazing they've had such tremendous success so soon ... With them on the scene , the competition is outthrough .
Le'Ban is the new kid on the block , it's amazing they've had such tremendous success so soon ... With them on the scene , the competition is outthrough . here's information about our competitor's recent market activities ...
here's information about our competitor's recent market activities ... Thanks , this will be a big help in putting together next quarter's marketing strategies . With competition this intense , we'll have to step up production even more . We need a price we can compete with .
Thanks , this will be a big help in putting together next quarter's marketing strategies . With competition this intense , we'll have to step up production even more . We need a price we can compete with . We're in a very competitive environment . It's sink or saimin this market .
morning . Rent-A-Car Agency . May I help you ? Good morning . This is Paul Alexander calling from the Isis Advertising Firm . We need a car to the airport for Mr . Phillips .
Good morning . This is Paul Alexander calling from the Isis Advertising Firm . We need a car to the airport for Mr . Phillips . Certainly , Mr . Alexander . When would Mr . Phillips like to leave ?
We want to order some of these products . Mr . Thomas , this is a standard size .
Mr . Thomas , this is a standard size . Can you supply us right away ?
Can you supply us right away ? Yes , we have plenty on hand right now .
Yes , we have plenty on hand right now . Good , we'll take 500 suits .
Are there any vacancies still available ? Yes . We need a plumber here .
Yes . We need a plumber here . I am looking for a job that is more advanced than that , such as sales manager or regional manager .
Hello . Excuse me . Yes . Can I help you ?
Yes . Can I help you ? Do you remember me ? I just had lunch here a half hour ago .
Do you remember me ? I just had lunch here a half hour ago . Of course I remember you .
Of course I remember you . I think I lost my wallet here .
I think I lost my wallet here . Oh , no . Really ? I didn't see anything .
Oh , no . Really ? I didn't see anything . Really ? You didn't find a wallet ?
Really ? You didn't find a wallet ? No , I didn't . Would you like to go look by the table with me ?
No , I didn't . Would you like to go look by the table with me ? Yes , I would . It's not here . And it's not on the floor . Has anyone sat at this table since we left ?
Yes , I would . It's not here . And it's not on the floor . Has anyone sat at this table since we left ? No . It's been empty the whole time .
No . It's been empty the whole time . Hmm . I don't know how it could have happened .
Hmm . I don't know how it could have happened . I remember , sir , that your friend took the bill . You didn't pay for the lunch yourself , did you ?
I remember , sir , that your friend took the bill . You didn't pay for the lunch yourself , did you ? No . My friend did .
No . My friend did . Then are you sure you took your wallet out of your pocket while you were here ?
Then are you sure you took your wallet out of your pocket while you were here ? No , I'm not sure . But I usually take out my wallet when I sit down . It ' s uncomfortable to sit on it . So I usually put it next to me on the table .
No , I'm not sure . But I usually take out my wallet when I sit down . It ' s uncomfortable to sit on it . So I usually put it next to me on the table . Maybe you lost it before you came here . Or maybe you left it at home .
Maybe you lost it before you came here . Or maybe you left it at home . I don't think it's at home . I think I had it when I left the house . But what should I do ?
I don't think it's at home . I think I had it when I left the house . But what should I do ? Well , the first thing you should do is make sure it's not at home . Then , if it isn't , you need to call your credit card companies and cancel your cards . Next , you need to replace whatever you lost , your driver's license , things like that .
Well , the first thing you should do is make sure it's not at home . Then , if it isn't , you need to call your credit card companies and cancel your cards . Next , you need to replace whatever you lost , your driver's license , things like that . Should I call the police ?
Should I call the police ? You can if you want . But the police usually don't do anything about lost wallets .
You can if you want . But the police usually don't do anything about lost wallets . Hmm . I'll go home and check . Maybe you're right . Maybe it's at home .
Hmm . I'll go home and check . Maybe you're right . Maybe it's at home . I'm sorry we couldn't find it , sir .
Can I help you , Miss ? I would like to order 2 office-style cabinets and desk calendars . We want office-style cabinets in white . The catalogue number is 90 - f - 2356 .
I would like to order 2 office-style cabinets and desk calendars . We want office-style cabinets in white . The catalogue number is 90 - f - 2356 . How soon do you want it ?
How soon do you want it ? Could you deliver it tomorrow ?
Could you deliver it tomorrow ? No problem .
No problem . Please handle the items carefully .
Please handle the items carefully . Certainly .
Do you want to know what really motivates Vince to be nice to me ? OK . What ?
OK . What ? It isn't gratitude . It's fear . Vince is afraid I'll jump to a competitor .
It isn't gratitude . It's fear . Vince is afraid I'll jump to a competitor . You wouldn't do that . Would you ?
You wouldn't do that . Would you ? I might . Vince knows he needs to keep me happy .
Excuse me , but I'm not feeling too well . I think I'm going to throw up . There's an airsickness bag behind the seat that's in front of you .
There's an airsickness bag behind the seat that's in front of you . I must've missed it .
I must've missed it . Is this your first time flying ?
Is this your first time flying ? Yes . I'm going to San Francisco .
Yes . I'm going to San Francisco . Oh , it's a beautiful city . I think you'll like it .
Oh , it's a beautiful city . I think you'll like it . Hey , I'm feeling much better already .
Hey , I'm feeling much better already . Sometimes if you don't think about it , that sick feeling will go away on its own .
Sometimes if you don't think about it , that sick feeling will go away on its own . Thanks . By the way , my name is Mary .
Good morning , Miss . Good morning . Could you tell me where I can find the Clothing Department ?
Good morning . Could you tell me where I can find the Clothing Department ? On the left of the elevator of the 3rd floor .
On the left of the elevator of the 3rd floor . I ' d like to buy a woolen vest for my grandpa .
I ' d like to buy a woolen vest for my grandpa . I ' m sure you can find your favorite there .
I ' m sure you can find your favorite there . Thank you very much .
Would you like to come by and play bridge ? Well , let's see . Why don't we go dancing for a change ? We haven't done that for a long time .
Well , let's see . Why don't we go dancing for a change ? We haven't done that for a long time . Well , to tell the truth , I don't really feel like it tonight . I had a pretty hard day and I'm sort of tired .
Well , to tell the truth , I don't really feel like it tonight . I had a pretty hard day and I'm sort of tired . Hmm . Well , in that case , we could go to the movies .
Hmm . Well , in that case , we could go to the movies . Oh , we always go to the movies . Can't we do something different ?
Oh , we always go to the movies . Can't we do something different ? Well , do you have any suggestions ?
Well , do you have any suggestions ? Let's see . How do you feel about playing bridge ?
Let's see . How do you feel about playing bridge ? It's OK with me , but we don't have any beer and things .
It's OK with me , but we don't have any beer and things . Well , shall I call Janet and ask her and Tom to come over , and I'll go to the store and buy some stuff .
Well , shall I call Janet and ask her and Tom to come over , and I'll go to the store and buy some stuff . OK .
Hello , Steven . How do you get along with your job ? Actually , I learn many things from it . I find that I am a quick learner in new things .
Actually , I learn many things from it . I find that I am a quick learner in new things . Practice makes perfect . By the way , what do you learn from your job ?
Practice makes perfect . By the way , what do you learn from your job ? At first I didn't know anything about the machine . Now I know how to operate it . Besides , the work gives me a sense of fulfillment and achievement .
At first I didn't know anything about the machine . Now I know how to operate it . Besides , the work gives me a sense of fulfillment and achievement . Yeah , you are a good learner . I must commend you for your good performance .
Yeah , you are a good learner . I must commend you for your good performance . Thank you . That's a long way to go for my job .
Thank you . That's a long way to go for my job . I appreciate your effort very much . The coffee break is over ; it's about time we set to work .
Excuse me . I've been waiting for my main dish for quite a time . Yes , sir . Just a minute , please , I'll check with the kitchen .
Yes , sir . Just a minute , please , I'll check with the kitchen . Thank you for waiting . It takes another ten to fifteen minutes , I'm afraid .
Thank you for waiting . It takes another ten to fifteen minutes , I'm afraid . We have an appointment in half an hour .
We have an appointment in half an hour . I see .
I see . Do you have anything else I can have instead ?
Do you have anything else I can have instead ? Well , yes . How about beef stew ? We can serve you at once .
Excuse me , but could you tell me the way to the railway station ? The railway station ? Just go down this street and turn left at the second corner . The station is at the end of that street .
The railway station ? Just go down this street and turn left at the second corner . The station is at the end of that street . How long will it take me to get there ?
How long will it take me to get there ? It's about a ten-minute walk .
It's about a ten-minute walk . That's very clear . I think I can find my way now . Thank you .
How beautiful the flower is ! Really , it's so beautiful .
Really , it's so beautiful . You like it . Well , I'll gather in for you .
You like it . Well , I'll gather in for you . You mustn't pick it in this place .
You mustn't pick it in this place . Where it is ?
Good morning , sir . Is there a bank near here ? There is one . 5 blocks away from here ?
There is one . 5 blocks away from here ? Well , that's too far . Can you change some money for me ?
Well , that's too far . Can you change some money for me ? Surely , of course . What kind of currency have you got ?
Surely , of course . What kind of currency have you got ? RIB .
RIB . How much would you like to change ?
Well , Mr . Smith . That's a nasty infection you have . Yes . Is there anything you can give me to get rid of it , doctor ?
Yes . Is there anything you can give me to get rid of it , doctor ? I'm going to prescribe some antibiotics and some cream to ease the itching and burning .
I'm going to prescribe some antibiotics and some cream to ease the itching and burning . Ok , thank you ! Where should I buy them ?
Ok , thank you ! Where should I buy them ? The pharmacy will give you a discount since you came to the clinic .
The pharmacy will give you a discount since you came to the clinic . Great ! What floor is pharmacy on ?
Great ! What floor is pharmacy on ? The fourth . I'll send the prescription down there so you can just pick it up on your way out .
Please put your baggage on the counter and open it , let me have a look . Yes , sir . Please examine it .
Yes , sir . Please examine it . Anything subject to duty in your suitcase ?
Anything subject to duty in your suitcase ? No , sir . Nothing except my personal belongings , such as clothes , notebooks and some gifts .
No , sir . Nothing except my personal belongings , such as clothes , notebooks and some gifts . Any cigarettes or liquor ?
Any cigarettes or liquor ? I have cigarettes for my own use .
I have cigarettes for my own use . I think you'll have to pay some duty on these cigarettes because they exceed the quota . And this article is liable for duty .
I think you'll have to pay some duty on these cigarettes because they exceed the quota . And this article is liable for duty . How much duty should I pay ?
How much duty should I pay ? One hundred dollars .
One hundred dollars . Here is the money .
Here is the money . Just a moment . I'll make out your duty memo . ( Writing and giving the memo to Mr . Green ) Take it and pay the girl over there .
Comfort Inn , may I help you ? I ' m looking for a hotel near the convention center .
I ' m looking for a hotel near the convention center . You ' re in luck ! We ' re just a two-minute drive from there . Would you like to make a reservation ?
You ' re in luck ! We ' re just a two-minute drive from there . Would you like to make a reservation ? Not just yet . I have one or two questions . How much for a single ?
Not just yet . I have one or two questions . How much for a single ? During the peak season , a single room goes for 50 dollars on a night . But we ' Ve got a Single Super Saver Special going on right now -- only $ 30 a night . And we ' Ve also extended our checkout time 00 in
During the peak season , a single room goes for 50 dollars on a night . But we ' Ve got a Single Super Saver Special going on right now -- only $ 30 a night . And we ' Ve also extended our checkout time 00 in That ' s a good deal . Since this is a working trip , I wonder if you have meeting rooms where I can get together with some clients .
That ' s a good deal . Since this is a working trip , I wonder if you have meeting rooms where I can get together with some clients . Yes , we have five meeting rooms , of various sizes . We can accommodate large meetings and small , informal gatherings as well . Of course , if you have many small meeting , you might consider checking
Yes , we have five meeting rooms , of various sizes . We can accommodate large meetings and small , informal gatherings as well . Of course , if you have many small meeting , you might consider checking That sounds great . Do you accept checks ?
What ' s up ? I guess there is some kind of virus seeking into my computer , I can ' t send out this e-mail . Do you have the number of the text port ?
I guess there is some kind of virus seeking into my computer , I can ' t send out this e-mail . Do you have the number of the text port ? Do you mind I have a look at your computer ?
Do you mind I have a look at your computer ? Of course not , I appreciate that .
Of course not , I appreciate that . Well , it has nothing to do with virus . The problem is your attachment is a bit larger . It has exceeded the e-mail capacity .
Well , it has nothing to do with virus . The problem is your attachment is a bit larger . It has exceeded the e-mail capacity . I see . What can I do now ?
Hi , I'm George . I'll be your waiter this evening . Are you ready to order or do you need a few more minutes ? I'm ready now . I'd like the roast chicken and a side order of corn .
I'm ready now . I'd like the roast chicken and a side order of corn . And would you like an appetizer before your meal ? The soup of the day is our delicious tomato soup .
And would you like an appetizer before your meal ? The soup of the day is our delicious tomato soup . I'll pass on the soup , but I'd like a garden salad .
I'll pass on the soup , but I'd like a garden salad . Can I get you anything to drink ?
Can I get you anything to drink ? Yes , I'd like a glass of iced tea .
Yes , I'd like a glass of iced tea . Okay . I'll be back in a minute with your drink and salad .
Hello ? Hi , Deborah ! This is John . I'm calling from Australia .
Hi , Deborah ! This is John . I'm calling from Australia . What are you doing in Australia ?
What are you doing in Australia ? I'm attending a conference in Sydney this week . Remember ?
I'm attending a conference in Sydney this week . Remember ? Oh , right . What time is it there ?
Oh , right . What time is it there ? It's 10:00 P . M . And it's four o'clock in Los Angeles , right ?
It's 10:00 P . M . And it's four o'clock in Los Angeles , right ? Yes - four o'clock in the morning .
Yes - four o'clock in the morning . 4:00 A . M . ? I'm really sorry .
Oh , damn . There ' s another traffic jam on the highway . How can there be a traffic jam on a 16 - lane highway every day ?
How can there be a traffic jam on a 16 - lane highway every day ? There are just too many people , and too many cars .
There are just too many people , and too many cars . I wonder if there was an accident .
I wonder if there was an accident . No , they just said it too many people were trying to get off at the Capitol exits .
No , they just said it too many people were trying to get off at the Capitol exits . Well , let ' s put on some music . We ' re going to be stuck in this for a while .
Well , let ' s put on some music . We ' re going to be stuck in this for a while . All right , what do you want to listen to ?
All right , what do you want to listen to ? How about some Beatles ?
Here is the document you asked for this morning . Oh , you are so efficient . I thought you might give it to me tomorrow . Thanks .
Oh , you are so efficient . I thought you might give it to me tomorrow . Thanks . You ' re welcome . You know , these days I have been reflecting on my biggest weakness procrastination . The more I think about it , the more I hate myself for being so disorganized . I decided to change the situation as soon as possible . Otherwise I will be more regretful later .
You ' re welcome . You know , these days I have been reflecting on my biggest weakness procrastination . The more I think about it , the more I hate myself for being so disorganized . I decided to change the situation as soon as possible . Otherwise I will be more regretful later . This is encouraging news , good for you ! What is your solution , then ?
This is encouraging news , good for you ! What is your solution , then ? The most useful method is to make plans and set priorities . It helps me to manage time well and get the most important things done at the first place .
Well , Peter , you have to do better than that next time , won ' t you ? Have I really got to do those exams again , Dad ?
Have I really got to do those exams again , Dad ? Of course , you have . You must try harder this time .
Of course , you have . You must try harder this time . And must I go back to school ?
And must I go back to school ? No , you needn ' t do that . You ' d better get a part-time job somewhere and go to evening classes .
No , you needn ' t do that . You ' d better get a part-time job somewhere and go to evening classes . But Dad , I should be working full-time at my age . I ' m nearly 17 .
But Dad , I should be working full-time at my age . I ' m nearly 17 . You ought to have worked harder then you wouldn ' t have failed your exams . You have to take a job and study .
You ought to have worked harder then you wouldn ' t have failed your exams . You have to take a job and study . What else I ' Ve got to do ? Join the army ?
Good morning , sir . Can I help you ? Yes , I need to check-in for the eleven 20 flight to New York , please .
Yes , I need to check-in for the eleven 20 flight to New York , please . O . K . Ticket , please .
O . K . Ticket , please . Here you are .
Here you are . Would you like a window or an aisle seat , Mr . Smith ?
Would you like a window or an aisle seat , Mr . Smith ? I want an aisle seat as close to the exit door as possible , please .
I want an aisle seat as close to the exit door as possible , please . Very well . Do you have any bags to check ?
Very well . Do you have any bags to check ? No , I just have this one small bag .
No , I just have this one small bag . Here you are , seat 12c . Please go to gate 23 after passing through the security checkpoint .
Here you are , seat 12c . Please go to gate 23 after passing through the security checkpoint . Thank you .
Thank you . Have a nice day .
Ahh ... What a fine day ! I do feel like an outdoor exercise . How about taking a walk in the park ?
How about taking a walk in the park ? OK . It ' s delightful to have a walk in the park with the air so fresh .
OK . It ' s delightful to have a walk in the park with the air so fresh . ( After they enter the park ) Oh , it's so quiet here . We have the park to ourselves , only you and me !
( After they enter the park ) Oh , it's so quiet here . We have the park to ourselves , only you and me ! Don't you see many people over there ? Just on your left .
Don't you see many people over there ? Just on your left . Oh , I see them . Some are doing Taijiquan , some are performing swordplay , some are practising the Chinese Wushu .
Hello , this is Hilton Hotel . How may I help you ? Hi . I would like to make a reservation on this Friday .
Hi . I would like to make a reservation on this Friday . OK . What kind of room do you want ? We have single rooms , twin rooms , double rooms and suites available on Friday .
OK . What kind of room do you want ? We have single rooms , twin rooms , double rooms and suites available on Friday . I want a single room with ocean view . Do you have one ?
I want a single room with ocean view . Do you have one ? Let me check . Yes .
Let me check . Yes . OK . I will take it .
OK . I will take it . When do you check in ? How long are you planning to stay ? Do you have any special requirements ?
When do you check in ? How long are you planning to stay ? Do you have any special requirements ? I guess I am going to arrive at 9:00 in the morning and I would like to leave at 200 in the afternoon on Sunday . Please give me a room away from the elevator . I hate noises while I am sleeping .
What's the matter ? Checking out , please .
Checking out , please . Can I have your keys , please ? Thank you . Here's your statement .
Can I have your keys , please ? Thank you . Here's your statement . Excuse me . What are these charges ?
Excuse me . What are these charges ? Oh , these are the phone charges and these are for something from the bar .
Oh , these are the phone charges and these are for something from the bar . Wait a minute . I made a phone call , but I never made a connection .
Wait a minute . I made a phone call , but I never made a connection . I know , sir . Those aren't telephone company charges . Those are hotel charges .
I know , sir . Those aren't telephone company charges . Those are hotel charges . Isn't that a bit excessive ?
Isn't that a bit excessive ? I'm sorry , sir . It's our policy .
I'm sorry , sir . It's our policy . OK . Here is the money .
Peter , it's time to get up . Ten more minutes , mom .
Ten more minutes , mom . What time is it now ?
What time is it now ? It's already 3 8 o'clock .
Which one of them is Marys brother ? The one with a very big nose .
The one with a very big nose . I'd like to meet him . Will you introduce him to me ?
I am a student in Cambridge University . I read your ad , I want to know something more about your room , please ? It's a big bedroom with a drawing room , facing a beautiful wood .
It's a big bedroom with a drawing room , facing a beautiful wood . Is there a bathroom ?
Is there a bathroom ? No , but there is one downstairs , which my daughter used some years ago .
No , but there is one downstairs , which my daughter used some years ago . It sounds good . Could I go and see it myself ?
It sounds good . Could I go and see it myself ? Certainly , you're welcome anytime .
Certainly , you're welcome anytime . See you later !
See you later ! ( after a while ) Good afternoon , Mrs . Smith . I called you just now .
( after a while ) Good afternoon , Mrs . Smith . I called you just now . Welcome ! Come in , please !
Welcome ! Come in , please ! Yes .
Yes . This way please . Your room is upstairs ... Here it is .
This way please . Your room is upstairs ... Here it is . Wonderful ! A modest , comfortable room . Ah , a beautiful window , through which I can see a beautiful scene , and hear the birds singing . How nice !
Wonderful ! A modest , comfortable room . Ah , a beautiful window , through which I can see a beautiful scene , and hear the birds singing . How nice ! Yes , if you want to wash something , there is a separate lavatory room outside .
Yes , if you want to wash something , there is a separate lavatory room outside . Excellent ! I like it ! When can I move in ?
Excellent ! I like it ! When can I move in ? Anytime you like .
Is this the counter to pick up parcels ? Yes , it is .
Yes , it is . I want to pick up my parcels .
I want to pick up my parcels . Please show me your parcel order .
Please show me your parcel order . OK . Here you are .
OK . Here you are . Let me check your parcel number . Song Ping's parcel number should be CP 06230221 5 CN . Here is your parcel .
Let me check your parcel number . Song Ping's parcel number should be CP 06230221 5 CN . Here is your parcel . Thank you .
Doctor , save my baby , please What symptoms does he have ?
What symptoms does he have ? He has had a fever for one day . Just now at home , he had febrile convulsions with teeth and fists clenched and eyes turned up . We were at a loss what to do . We called an ambulance and brought the baby here .
He has had a fever for one day . Just now at home , he had febrile convulsions with teeth and fists clenched and eyes turned up . We were at a loss what to do . We called an ambulance and brought the baby here . How long did the convulsion last ?
How long did the convulsion last ? About 3 minutes .
About 3 minutes . Does he have any other complaints ?
Does he have any other complaints ? Three days ago , he began to cough , sneeze and have a running nose . Yesterday , he began to have a fever .
Three days ago , he began to cough , sneeze and have a running nose . Yesterday , he began to have a fever . Have you taken his temperature ?
Have you taken his temperature ? It was 38 ° C this morning and it was 39 ° C just now .
It was 38 ° C this morning and it was 39 ° C just now . Let me examine him to see if there is any rash . No rash .
Let me examine him to see if there is any rash . No rash . Is it serious ? Is it meningitis ?
Is it serious ? Is it meningitis ? No , it is not meningitis . Just a high fever and convulsions , which results from a virus upper respiratory tract inflection .
No , it is not meningitis . Just a high fever and convulsions , which results from a virus upper respiratory tract inflection . Does he have to be admitted to hospital ?
Does he have to be admitted to hospital ? No . No need for admission . I'll give the baby analgia nose drops to bring down the temperature first . Then I will give you a prescription . The pink tablets are used for his fever . When his temperature is over 38 ° C , give him one tablet . The other tablets are sedatives for his convulsions . The white liquid is for the cold . Give the baby plenty of water to drink .
I've brought this dress back to exchange it . That's not a problem . Leave it with me , and find something that you like .
That's not a problem . Leave it with me , and find something that you like . I was hoping you'd have something on sale today .
I was hoping you'd have something on sale today . We have nothing on sale today . But we're having a big sale next weekend .
We have nothing on sale today . But we're having a big sale next weekend . Is the sale going to include dresses ?
Is the sale going to include dresses ? Everything you can see will be on sale .
Everything you can see will be on sale . I like the sound of that . I'll just come back next weekend .
All right . I want to bring everybody in on this project . When can we start working on this ? Well , we could probably get started with a strategy meeting tomorrow morning at 8
Well , we could probably get started with a strategy meeting tomorrow morning at 8 I tell you what , 800 is no good for me , but why don ' t you guys get started and I ' ll come by at around 8
What are you reading ? Oh , it ' s the latest novel by Ray Blue . It ' s a sic-fi thriller .
Oh , it ' s the latest novel by Ray Blue . It ' s a sic-fi thriller . I thought he usually wrote horror books .
I thought he usually wrote horror books . He does . He ' s good at this genre too . It ' s a captivating read .
He does . He ' s good at this genre too . It ' s a captivating read . We ' re going to the bookshop . Would you like to join us ?
We ' re going to the bookshop . Would you like to join us ? Yes , I would . I need to buy a textbook for my course and , as you know , I love browsing through the latest paperbacks .
Yes , I would . I need to buy a textbook for my course and , as you know , I love browsing through the latest paperbacks . Me too . I need something to read on the flight to New York . I can never sleep on planes . Sarah wants to pick up some children ' s books for her daughter .
Me too . I need something to read on the flight to New York . I can never sleep on planes . Sarah wants to pick up some children ' s books for her daughter . I want to look at nelson Mandela ' s autobiography .
Have you worked out the offers . Mr . Thou ? Yes , we have . Here's our CIF quotation sheet . Please have a careful look .
Yes , we have . Here's our CIF quotation sheet . Please have a careful look . Are the prices on the list firm offers ?
Are the prices on the list firm offers ? Yes . All the quotations on the list are subject to our final confirmation .
Yes . All the quotations on the list are subject to our final confirmation . I wonder whether there are any changes in your prices .
I wonder whether there are any changes in your prices . All these products are our best-selling lines . The prices of our products will change according to that of the international market demand . And we are always open to negotiate , especially on larger orders . What do you have in mind ?
All these products are our best-selling lines . The prices of our products will change according to that of the international market demand . And we are always open to negotiate , especially on larger orders . What do you have in mind ? How long does your offer remain valid ? I need some time to get my supervisors on board with this plan .
Billy , you don ' t look too well . Maybe you should take the day off school . But Mom ! Today we ' re playing football ! I love football !
But Mom ! Today we ' re playing football ! I love football ! You ' Ve got a fever and playing football isn ' t a good idea for a boy with a fever . What ' s that on your arm ?
You ' Ve got a fever and playing football isn ' t a good idea for a boy with a fever . What ' s that on your arm ? I don ' t know . It was there when I woke up this morning .
I don ' t know . It was there when I woke up this morning . It ' s rash . I ' d better take you to see the doctor . How did you get that bruise on your leg ?
It ' s rash . I ' d better take you to see the doctor . How did you get that bruise on your leg ? I bashed it against the chair in my room .
I bashed it against the chair in my room . Does it hurt ?
Does it hurt ? A little , but not much .
A little , but not much . Here . Put this wet towel on your face to keep your temperature down . I ' ll take you to the doctor ' s after breakfast .
Here . Put this wet towel on your face to keep your temperature down . I ' ll take you to the doctor ' s after breakfast . If I ' m better this afternoon , can I go to school ?
So that concludes the introduction . Now let's move to the first part of my talk , which is about 2006 fiscal year marketing plan . So first , right off the bat , When looking at the marketing plan , tell me some of the goals that we had set this year to begin with ... We wanted to appeal to a younger set of consumers and also , in line with that goal , redo our image ...
Hi , Jane . How are you doing this morning ? I ' m all right , thanks . Just a little tired .
I ' m all right , thanks . Just a little tired . Late night ?
Canton Hotel . I'd like to reserve a double room . I will be arriving next Monday , the 12th . My name is Wilson .
I'd like to reserve a double room . I will be arriving next Monday , the 12th . My name is Wilson . A double room for the 12th ? The name is Wilson ?
A double room for the 12th ? The name is Wilson ? Yes , that's right .
Yes , that's right . How long will you be staying ?
How long will you be staying ? Three or four days , perhaps longer .
Did you see the picture of the guy on the front page of the newspaper this morning ? No . I haven't had a chance to read the paper yet .
No . I haven't had a chance to read the paper yet . you've got to see it . It's an unbelievable picture !
you've got to see it . It's an unbelievable picture ! What's so interesting about it ?
What's so interesting about it ? Well , this guy fell asleep on the sofa and when he woke up , half his face had been bitten off !
Well , this guy fell asleep on the sofa and when he woke up , half his face had been bitten off ! What ? How did that happen ?
What ? How did that happen ? They think his dog was trying to wake him up and couldn't , so ended up biting him in his face .
They think his dog was trying to wake him up and couldn't , so ended up biting him in his face . Wow . What does his look like now ?
Wow . What does his look like now ? It looks pretty frightening . He doesn't have any lips , so all you can see are his gums and teeth . Most of his nose and chin are missing too .
It looks pretty frightening . He doesn't have any lips , so all you can see are his gums and teeth . Most of his nose and chin are missing too . What did he look like before his dog bit his face off ?
What did he look like before his dog bit his face off ? He was actually quite handsome . What a shame .
He was actually quite handsome . What a shame . What's he going to do now ?
Good afternoon . May I help you ? Yes , I ' m here to see Joanna Stevens . I have an appointment at four .
Yes , I ' m here to see Joanna Stevens . I have an appointment at four . Certainly , may I take your name ? I ' ll let her know you ' Ve arrived .
Certainly , may I take your name ? I ' ll let her know you ' Ve arrived . Sure , it ' s Josh O ' Neil .
Sure , it ' s Josh O ' Neil . Ms . Stevens will be with you momentarily . Can I offer you something to drink ?
Ms . Stevens will be with you momentarily . Can I offer you something to drink ? Yes , a coffee would be nice , thank you .
Good morning . Madam . What can I do for you today ? Hello . I hope you can help me ; I'm a little worried about my new card .
Hello . I hope you can help me ; I'm a little worried about my new card . What seems to be the problem ?
What seems to be the problem ? I received my new card this morning , but I'm unable to use it .
I received my new card this morning , but I'm unable to use it . Oh ? You mean , the ATM machine has eaten it ?
Oh ? You mean , the ATM machine has eaten it ? No , it's right here , see ? The ATM will not accept it !
No , it's right here , see ? The ATM will not accept it ! You said you received your card this morning , am I right ?
You said you received your card this morning , am I right ? Yes . I was told it would be activated and ready to use right away . So , what's gone wrong ?
Yes . I was told it would be activated and ready to use right away . So , what's gone wrong ? Did you receive your PIN number yet , Madam ? You see , unless you have your new PIN number , to match your new card , you cannot use it . We usually send that separately , around one day after the card , for security reasons .
Are you interested in mountaineering ? Yes , in some sense . I should say I like mountain climbing , you know , because I'm not so professional . How about you
Yes , in some sense . I should say I like mountain climbing , you know , because I'm not so professional . How about you I'm the same with you , an amateur mountain climber . I went climbing in the Rocky Mountains with my friends last summer vacation . We spent two days in the mountains .
I'm the same with you , an amateur mountain climber . I went climbing in the Rocky Mountains with my friends last summer vacation . We spent two days in the mountains . How did you spend the night there ?
How did you spend the night there ? We pitched a tent in the night , waiting for the sunrise . Wow ! It was too beautiful .
We pitched a tent in the night , waiting for the sunrise . Wow ! It was too beautiful . I had a similar experience , but that was on the top of Tasha Mountain in my country .
I had a similar experience , but that was on the top of Tasha Mountain in my country . Tasha Mountain ? It's very famous in China , isn't ?
Tasha Mountain ? It's very famous in China , isn't ? Yes . It is one of the Five Mountains .
Yes . It is one of the Five Mountains . I want to climb Tasha Mountain this summer vacation . Would you be my guide ?
I would like to open an account please . Do you have any form of ID ?
Do you have any form of ID ? I have my Tennis Club card . Is that good enough ?
I have my Tennis Club card . Is that good enough ? I ' m afraid not . It has to be a passport or a valid driver ' s license .
I ' m afraid not . It has to be a passport or a valid driver ' s license . Oh ... wait a minute ... here ' s my driver ' s license .
Oh ... wait a minute ... here ' s my driver ' s license . OK , just fill in this application . You can sit over there . This brochure explains our services . We have free checking , and you will be given a debit card and on ATM card . There is no service
John , it ' s time to get up . It can ' t be time to get up yet .
It can ' t be time to get up yet . It is . Hurry up ! You ' ll be late for school .
It is . Hurry up ! You ' ll be late for school . What ' s the time ?
What ' s the time ? It ' s nearly half past seven .
It ' s nearly half past seven . My watch says ten past .
My watch says ten past . It ' s slow . Hurry up ! The bus goes at twenty to eight .
It ' s slow . Hurry up ! The bus goes at twenty to eight . Are you sure half past seven ?
Are you sure half past seven ? Positive . I ' ll put the radio on .
Positive . I ' ll put the radio on . It ' s only seven o ' clock . Your watch is fast .
It ' s only seven o ' clock . Your watch is fast . No , it isn ' t . It ' s stopped . I forgot to wind it up last night .
Do you have a swimming pool in this hotel ? We don't have a swimming pool , sir , but we do have swim stations in the gym .
We don't have a swimming pool , sir , but we do have swim stations in the gym . I never heard of a swim station . Is that like a train or bus station ?
I never heard of a swim station . Is that like a train or bus station ? It's just a deep bathtub with a current of water that you swim against .
It's just a deep bathtub with a current of water that you swim against . Holy cow ! I never heard of such a thing . How much do they cost ?
Holy cow ! I never heard of such a thing . How much do they cost ? As a guest , sir , you pay nothing .
As a guest , sir , you pay nothing . This sounds better every second . Now , when can I use the stations ?
This sounds better every second . Now , when can I use the stations ? If you want to swim , you can visit the gym any day between 7 a . m . and 10 p . m .
If you want to swim , you can visit the gym any day between 7 a . m . and 10 p . m . Oh , boy ! This is going to be great . I'm going to the gym right now !
What is my prime responsibility in daily work ? Your main job is serving the clients and giving them what they want .
Your main job is serving the clients and giving them what they want . What other things do I need to know ?
What other things do I need to know ? You'd spend 30 % of your time on the computer . You may be bored with a job like that .
Quality is very important to us . We work to very low tolerance levels . We need to have guaranteed supplies of consistently high quality raw materials . Over the years we've built up very good relationships with our suppliers . Do you have many different suppliers ?
Good evening , Mr . Lee and thank you for choosing our airline . We have just discovered that this flight is overbooked . Would you like to volunteer to give up your seat ? Overbooked ? Give up my seat ? I don ' t understand .
Overbooked ? Give up my seat ? I don ' t understand . From time to time we have a situation in which there are more passengers than there are seats on the aircraft . That ' s overbooked .
From time to time we have a situation in which there are more passengers than there are seats on the aircraft . That ' s overbooked . I know what overbooked is , I just don ' t understand how that could happen ?
I know what overbooked is , I just don ' t understand how that could happen ? Actually it ' s a common practice to overbook , as passengers often don ' t take their flight as scheduled . Most of the time there is no problem but today , more passengers arrived than we have seats ,
Actually it ' s a common practice to overbook , as passengers often don ' t take their flight as scheduled . Most of the time there is no problem but today , more passengers arrived than we have seats , So who has to stay behind ?
So who has to stay behind ? Well , first we ask for volunteers . If someone like yourself volunteers , they receive a free round trip ticket to be used within one year . If no one volunteers we just have to select someone .
We came too early . There're still three hours before the performance starts . I know . Sorry , I shouldn't have rushed you , but I just couldn't stay at home and wait .
I know . Sorry , I shouldn't have rushed you , but I just couldn't stay at home and wait . Never mind . What about taking a look around the theater ?
Never mind . What about taking a look around the theater ? Why not ? I'd love to do that .
Why not ? I'd love to do that . Here we go . There is a museum of the Beijing Opera art .
Here we go . There is a museum of the Beijing Opera art . Wow . Look at this . So delicate and beautiful . Did ancient Chinese people really wear them ?
Wow . Look at this . So delicate and beautiful . Did ancient Chinese people really wear them ? Not really . They are just opera costumes . Do you like the embroidery ?
Not really . They are just opera costumes . Do you like the embroidery ? I surely do . They must have had advanced machine in ancient China to do that .
I surely do . They must have had advanced machine in ancient China to do that . No , no , no . They are all handmade , girl . You know , the ancient Chinese women were supposed to be good at needlework .
Good afternoon , ma'am . May I help you ? Yes . Can I deposit valuables here ?
Yes . Can I deposit valuables here ? Of course , you can . Please put your articles in this bag and seal it .
Of course , you can . Please put your articles in this bag and seal it . OK .
OK . Thank you . Here is your tag .
Thank you . Here is your tag . Would you tell me the rate per day for depositing my bag ?
Would you tell me the rate per day for depositing my bag ? Sure , madam . Only one dollar .
Sure , madam . Only one dollar . When does the cloakroom close ?
When does the cloakroom close ? This cloakroom is open until 10 p . m .
This cloakroom is open until 10 p . m . Oh , dear ! I won't be back until about 11:30 tonight . Where can I pick up my bag ?
Oh , dear ! I won't be back until about 11:30 tonight . Where can I pick up my bag ? We will transfer your bag to the Lobby Floor Cloakroom . You may collect it there , madam .
We will transfer your bag to the Lobby Floor Cloakroom . You may collect it there , madam . I see . Thanks a lot .
Excuse me , Dr . Steward , I wonder if I could talk with you about my paper . Yes , of course . When ?
Yes , of course . When ? Will you be free this afternoon , say from 3 to 4 ?
I want to send some money to Australia . Could you handle it for me ? Yes , madam , how much would you like to remit ?
Yes , madam , how much would you like to remit ? 2,000 AD $ .
2,000 AD $ . Which would you like to remit , by mail or by cable ?
Which would you like to remit , by mail or by cable ? What is the difference between them ?
What is the difference between them ? The cable will take less time for your account , in the meantime , the regular service charge is also higher than that of the mail one .
The cable will take less time for your account , in the meantime , the regular service charge is also higher than that of the mail one . Well , I think the cable is better .
Well , I think the cable is better . OK , please fill in the application form giving the name and address of beneficiary , your name and telephone .
OK , please fill in the application form giving the name and address of beneficiary , your name and telephone . All right . Here you are .
All right . Here you are . Everything is OK . The commission is 50 yuan .
I would like to order a waistcoat . Have you chosen the material ?
Have you chosen the material ? Yes , I want it to made of tweed .
Yes , I want it to made of tweed . Fine . And the charge is $ 100 .
Fine . And the charge is $ 100 . When will it be available ?
Please come in and sit down . I'm happy to finally meet you . Same here . I've been looking forward to this .
Same here . I've been looking forward to this . I ' m sorry I kept you waiting so long . I'm running a little late today .
I ' m sorry I kept you waiting so long . I'm running a little late today . No problem . That happens to all of us , it goes badly with the traffic .
No problem . That happens to all of us , it goes badly with the traffic . Thank you . Can I offer you some refreshment ?
Hi , I would like to return this TV . Sure , do you have the receipt ?
Sure , do you have the receipt ? Yeah here you go . Actually I also want to return this keyboard .
Yeah here you go . Actually I also want to return this keyboard . Ok . may I ask what is the reason for returning these products ?
Ok . may I ask what is the reason for returning these products ? The TV flickers a lot when I am watching a movie and at times the image is not very clear .
The TV flickers a lot when I am watching a movie and at times the image is not very clear . I see , and what about the keyboard ?
I see , and what about the keyboard ? I spilled some coffee on it and now it won't work .
I spilled some coffee on it and now it won't work . I am sorry mam , but we can only exchange or refund defective products , we cannot take responsibility for misuse or damages .
My warmest congratulations on your promotion ! Thanks . It ' s nothing special actually .
Thanks . It ' s nothing special actually . Don ' t say that . It owes to your efforts and team spirit .
Don ' t say that . It owes to your efforts and team spirit . Oh , it was nothing . Anyone could have done it . I still have a lot to learn yet .
Oh , it was nothing . Anyone could have done it . I still have a lot to learn yet . You are very modest . Best luck in your new position .
Yes , sir . May I help you ? Please I'd like a ticket to New York .
Please I'd like a ticket to New York . For today ?
For today ? No , early saturday morning .
No , early saturday morning . We have a flight that we'll put you there at ten AM . Is that ok ?
We have a flight that we'll put you there at ten AM . Is that ok ? Nothing earlier ? I prefer flight at nine thirty .
Nothing earlier ? I prefer flight at nine thirty . I'm afraid not , unless you want a night flight .
I'm afraid not , unless you want a night flight . No , exactly not
No , exactly not How about afternoon ?
Hi ! Fiona ? I almost didn't recognize you . You are much thinner since I last saw you . Yes . I have lost about ten kilos .
Yes . I have lost about ten kilos . How did you do it ?
How did you do it ? I am on a diet . And I do more exercise regularly .
I am on a diet . And I do more exercise regularly . What's the secret then ?
What's the secret then ? It lies in perseverance .
It lies in perseverance . Well . It's hard for me . I can't keep doing exercise .
May , is this the Hall of Ancient China ? Yes . Look at these historical relics here , amazing !
Yes . Look at these historical relics here , amazing ! Why are they all in glass boxes ?
Why are they all in glass boxes ? For protection . Some relics will turn to dust if exposed to air .
For protection . Some relics will turn to dust if exposed to air . So there isn't air in the glass boxes ?
So there isn't air in the glass boxes ? No , there isn't . They are all vacuumed .
No , there isn't . They are all vacuumed . I wonder how old these things are , thousands of years ?
I wonder how old these things are , thousands of years ? Yeah , they all come from a very ancient time .
Yeah , they all come from a very ancient time . Hey , look at the three-leg cup . I've seen it on TV .
Hey , look at the three-leg cup . I've seen it on TV . The bronze cup was made 4,000 years ago . It's priceless !
The bronze cup was made 4,000 years ago . It's priceless ! Yeah , it has no value at all . Who will use this cup today ?
Yeah , it has no value at all . Who will use this cup today ? Danny , priceless means so valuable that you can't put a price on it .
Were you a leader when you were in college ? Yes . I was Propaganda department minister of our university .
Yes . I was Propaganda department minister of our university . Did you get any honors or awards at your university ?
Did you get any honors or awards at your university ? No . It ' s a pity about it .
No . It ' s a pity about it . Were you involved in any club activities at your university ?
Were you involved in any club activities at your university ? Yes . I was a member of the basketball Society . I like playing basketball .
Yes . I was a member of the basketball Society . I like playing basketball . What extracurricular activities did you usually take part in at your college ?
Can you tell me , Ms . Smith , about the training programs you initiated this year ? We ran a call center training service and language program to ensure that our customer service representatives are well trained .
We ran a call center training service and language program to ensure that our customer service representatives are well trained . What ' s the result ?
What ' s the result ? We directly attribute an increase in our customer service feedback of 50 % to the increase in language skills and training that our employees have received .
We directly attribute an increase in our customer service feedback of 50 % to the increase in language skills and training that our employees have received . That seems very impressive . Good work !
Excuse me . We're leaving today . I'd like to pay our bills now . OK . By the way , I'd like to tell you that the check-out time is 12
OK . By the way , I'd like to tell you that the check-out time is 12 I see .
I see . Have you used any hotel services this morning or had breakfast at the hotel dining room , Mr . Green ?
Have you used any hotel services this morning or had breakfast at the hotel dining room , Mr . Green ? Yes , my friend and I just had breakfast at the dining room , but we didn't use any services .
Yes , my friend and I just had breakfast at the dining room , but we didn't use any services . How about the charge for the days you shared the room with your friend ?
How about the charge for the days you shared the room with your friend ? Please add to my account .
Please add to my account . The total for the eight days is five hundred sixty yuan .
We need to call an emergency meeting as soon as possible about this . OK . Let me send a memo around .
OK . Let me send a memo around . Schedule it for this afternoon , when Ken gets back .
Schedule it for this afternoon , when Ken gets back . I don ' t think he ' s back today .
I don ' t think he ' s back today . Oh , that ' s right . Go ahead anyways . I ' ll fill him in . We can ' t lose this order under any circumstances !
Is this the baggage claim area for flight KB256 ? Yes , we are on the same plane .
Yes , we are on the same plane . But I am a transfer passenger . I have a connecting flight to Miami .
But I am a transfer passenger . I have a connecting flight to Miami . So you have to bring your baggage to the transfer check-in area .
So you have to bring your baggage to the transfer check-in area . Yes . It ' s quite troublesome .
But Ernie , we're still missing something . We need someone to play the music ! Oh right ... you know , my friend Eric is a DJ . Maybe he would like to play with us .
Oh right ... you know , my friend Eric is a DJ . Maybe he would like to play with us . Hmm ... does he have a good ear for hip hop music ?
Oh , gosh ! I feel everything around me is against me . Don't take it too hard . There are some tips you should know in job-hunting of 2010 .
Don't take it too hard . There are some tips you should know in job-hunting of 2010 . Well , I am all ears . Maybe they are helpful .
Well , I am all ears . Maybe they are helpful . Firstly , you must always show your best to the interviewer . And secondly , try to avoid spamming through e-mails , because this will make the reader go crazy . The last but not the least , there is no substitute for pounding the pavement in such a digital age .
Firstly , you must always show your best to the interviewer . And secondly , try to avoid spamming through e-mails , because this will make the reader go crazy . The last but not the least , there is no substitute for pounding the pavement in such a digital age . I understand what you mean , and I will not upset myself . Face it .
Good afternoon . Is this the Roley Hotel ? Yes , madam . May I help you ?
Yes , madam . May I help you ? Yes . I ' m calling from Westwood and Westwood Attorneys . I need to make a reservation for Mr . Alex Brent .
I'm after some chinese incense burner ? How's this one ? How's this one ?
How's this one ? Oh , I need a small one , otherwise my luggage will be overweight .
Oh , I need a small one , otherwise my luggage will be overweight . What about this one ?
Tom , it's time for you to go to bed . Good night , mum .
Excuse me . Could you please tell me how to get to the nearest cinema ? Turn left at the second light . You can't miss it .
Turn left at the second light . You can't miss it . Will it take me long to get there ?
Will it take me long to get there ? No . It's not far at all .
No . It's not far at all . Thank you very much .
Excuse me , I ' m sorry to trouble you . My name is Susan Ransom , and I have placed several orders with you company . Yes , Mr . Ransom ? This is Karl Miller . How may I help you ?
Yes , Mr . Ransom ? This is Karl Miller . How may I help you ? Well , I wonder if you could track an order I placed with you last month . It hasn ' t arrived yet .
I would like to speak to you , if you don ' t mind . What would you like to speak to me about ?
What would you like to speak to me about ? I would like to talk to you about this year ' s election .
I would like to talk to you about this year ' s election . Is that right ?
Is that right ? I am a volunteer for this year ' s campaign .
I am a volunteer for this year ' s campaign . That ' s wonderful . I am impressed at someone so young taking a stand .
That ' s wonderful . I am impressed at someone so young taking a stand . I know history is about to be made , and I would like to be a part of it .
I know history is about to be made , and I would like to be a part of it . That ' s fantastic .
That ' s fantastic . Are you planning on voting ?
Are you planning on voting ? I ' m going to vote .
I ' m going to vote . Go to your polling place early on Election Day .
Would you help me figure out what to do about the office party ? I would be happy to help . What would you like me to help with , food or entertainment ?
I would be happy to help . What would you like me to help with , food or entertainment ? I would like to help you with both .
I would like to help you with both . That will work out fine . To make sure everything goes together , do you think this party should be casual or dressy ?
That will work out fine . To make sure everything goes together , do you think this party should be casual or dressy ? A dressy party would be fun !
A dressy party would be fun ! That will work out fine . Do you think that Chinese or Continental food would be best ?
That will work out fine . Do you think that Chinese or Continental food would be best ? We should probably have both .
We should probably have both . Yes , that will work out fine . Should we hire a band or bring in a DJ ?
Yes , that will work out fine . Should we hire a band or bring in a DJ ? Maybe we could do both !
Smells good ! What ' s for breakfast ? Well , since we are getting up so late , I decided to make a big breakfast !
Well , since we are getting up so late , I decided to make a big breakfast ! Nice ! Brunch !
Nice ! Brunch ! Kind of , so I made scrambled and soft boiled eggs , some french toast and buttermilk pancakes !
Kind of , so I made scrambled and soft boiled eggs , some french toast and buttermilk pancakes ! Wow ! You really went all out ! Did you make any coffee ?
Wow ! You really went all out ! Did you make any coffee ? Yeah , just the way you like it ! I also put out some cereal and muesli if you feel like having something more light .
Yeah , just the way you like it ! I also put out some cereal and muesli if you feel like having something more light . Looks good ! I ' ll squeeze us some fresh orange juice .
Come in , please . Good morning ! I am Anna Lu . I've come for an interview which was arranged .
Good morning ! I am Anna Lu . I've come for an interview which was arranged . Oh , I see . I am Jack White , Personnel Manager . Take a seat , please .
Oh , I see . I am Jack White , Personnel Manager . Take a seat , please . Glad to meet you , Mr . White .
Glad to meet you , Mr . White . Miss Lu , have you got any experience in restaurant service ?
Miss Lu , have you got any experience in restaurant service ? Yes . Since I entered college , I have been working at a fast food restaurant as a part-time waitress .
Yes . Since I entered college , I have been working at a fast food restaurant as a part-time waitress . For how long ?
For how long ? 3 years .
3 years . Our restaurant receives a lot of foreign customers . Can you serve them in English ?
Our restaurant receives a lot of foreign customers . Can you serve them in English ? That's why I applied for this job . Now I am studying Hotel English in my college , and I am quite familiar with the western courtesy and restaurant etiquette . I am sure my public relation skills will leave a strong impression on your customers .
That's why I applied for this job . Now I am studying Hotel English in my college , and I am quite familiar with the western courtesy and restaurant etiquette . I am sure my public relation skills will leave a strong impression on your customers . You must know our working hours are very long and overtime work is frequent .
You must know our working hours are very long and overtime work is frequent . I don't mind that .
I don't mind that . I think I will give you a 3 months ' trial . The salary for this period is 800 yuan a month with no bonus . After that period if we both feel satisfied , a formal contract would be signed .
I think I will give you a 3 months ' trial . The salary for this period is 800 yuan a month with no bonus . After that period if we both feel satisfied , a formal contract would be signed . When am I supposed to start working ?
When am I supposed to start working ? Next monday . Bring your resume and diploma with you .
Next monday . Bring your resume and diploma with you . Yes , I will . Thank you , Mr . White . Goodbye !
Congratulations , Francis . Your hard working finally pays off . I am so happy for your promotion . Thanks , Monica . Without support from you and other colleagues , I would not have made it .
Thanks , Monica . Without support from you and other colleagues , I would not have made it . I hope I could get promoted some day . Tell me about your experience , ok ?
I hope I could get promoted some day . Tell me about your experience , ok ? Well , just saying that you wanted to get promoted is not enough , you need to write down your desirable position and an available plan for achieving that adjective . Don ' t be afraid of taking challenging . They might be opportunities and failing is not fatal . You learn more from that actually . Sometimes , you need to fail to be successful .
Well , just saying that you wanted to get promoted is not enough , you need to write down your desirable position and an available plan for achieving that adjective . Don ' t be afraid of taking challenging . They might be opportunities and failing is not fatal . You learn more from that actually . Sometimes , you need to fail to be successful . How do you think if I volunteer for some work ?
Cindy . We were going to try to surprise you for your birthday . But you ' re just too busy ! Can you tell me when you ' ll be free ? Oh , Brian . That ' s really sweet of you guys . I would love to get together with all of you . How about Friday ?
Oh , Brian . That ' s really sweet of you guys . I would love to get together with all of you . How about Friday ? Great ! What time ?
I want to find a job in your bank as an accounting clerk . Do you know various funds and accounts ?
Do you know various funds and accounts ? Yes , I enjoy working with that .
How slowly you drive ! I'm sorry . Something is wrong with my taxi .
I'm sorry . Something is wrong with my taxi . Where does it go wrong ?
Where does it go wrong ? Let me stop my car for check . Oh , my god . I got a flat tyre .
Let me stop my car for check . Oh , my god . I got a flat tyre . Can it keep going ?
Well , it's illegal to bring food and drinks into the theater . Too bad . I did anyway .
Too bad . I did anyway . No wonder you brought such a big bag today .
No wonder you brought such a big bag today . I brought Strawberry Sticks . See ?
I brought Strawberry Sticks . See ? Those are the ones that are pre-dipped in sweet coating !
Oh , come on , Ultraman ! What's up , Bro ? What's in the bulletin ?
What's up , Bro ? What's in the bulletin ? It says that there will be a blackout from 5 p . m . to 7 p . m . in our neighborhood today .
It says that there will be a blackout from 5 p . m . to 7 p . m . in our neighborhood today . Blackout ? Even the TV has the limit .
Blackout ? Even the TV has the limit . Don't you know you will look like a monster in the blackout ?
Don't you know you will look like a monster in the blackout ? Oops , no , Daddy can't watch American Idol , either !
Oops , no , Daddy can't watch American Idol , either ! That's not the point . Come on , can you imagine that there will be no electricity on such a hot day ?
That's not the point . Come on , can you imagine that there will be no electricity on such a hot day ? Oh , my god ! No air-conditioner !
Oh , my god ! No air-conditioner ! OK , since you are the smart one , can you come up with a better plan ? So that we won't be baked like cookies here .
OK , since you are the smart one , can you come up with a better plan ? So that we won't be baked like cookies here . How about playing Barbie out there in the neighborhood ?
How about playing Barbie out there in the neighborhood ? Barbie ? You know , I might be seven , but I'm not a girl .
Barbie ? You know , I might be seven , but I'm not a girl . Do you have a better plan ?
I can ' t make out anything , the words are too light . I thought they have already changed the toner cartridge this month . It seems not or somebody has recently received a large fax .
It seems not or somebody has recently received a large fax . Ok , no problem . We do it ourselves .
Ok , no problem . We do it ourselves . Do you know how to do it ? I am not so good at machine things . I will have somebody do it as soon as possible .
no , no , you helped me with my computer last week . I want to repay the favor . no , it's definitely my turn to treat you ... you paid last time !
no , it's definitely my turn to treat you ... you paid last time ! oh , that was just a quick bite to eat---that doesn't count !
oh , that was just a quick bite to eat---that doesn't count ! ok , ok , how about we just go Dutch ? It's settled . Listen , I'm still pretty new around here , would it be alright if you found the restaurant ?
Good morning , Mr Zhang , I wonder whether you have got an answer from your superior . Yes , we had a meting about it yesterday afternoon .
Yes , we had a meting about it yesterday afternoon . What's the answer ?
What's the answer ? We decided that we could agree to your price , but we are a bit worried about the slow delivery .
We decided that we could agree to your price , but we are a bit worried about the slow delivery . Let me see . I quoted your delivery in three months , didn't I ?
Let me see . I quoted your delivery in three months , didn't I ? Yes , but we hope that the wool could reach us as soon as possible .
Yes , but we hope that the wool could reach us as soon as possible . I thought you would be worried about it . So I rang Auckland last night . As you are our biggest customer , they agreed to ship the order on the first vessel available that will leave Auckland next month .
I thought you would be worried about it . So I rang Auckland last night . As you are our biggest customer , they agreed to ship the order on the first vessel available that will leave Auckland next month . Good , if you agree we'll draft the agreement right away and sign it then .
Did you lock the doors ? All except the back door . I left that open for Tim . He took the dog for a walk .
All except the back door . I left that open for Tim . He took the dog for a walk . Well , I'm going on to bed . I'm beat .
Well , I'm going on to bed . I'm beat . Okay . I'm going to stay up a while . I've got to go over the household budget . We're a little overspent this month .
Okay . I'm going to stay up a while . I've got to go over the household budget . We're a little overspent this month . Please tell Tim to close the door to the basement . I don't want the dog down there tonight .
How do I submit an expense report ? You need all your receipts for reimbursement .
You need all your receipts for reimbursement . You mean I have to attach the receipts with the expense report ?
Isn't it past your bedtime already ? I am not sleepy .
I am not sleepy . It's getting late , and you have to wake up early tomorrow .
It's getting late , and you have to wake up early tomorrow . There is no way that I can fall asleep right now .
There is no way that I can fall asleep right now . Try listening to some soft music .
Try listening to some soft music . It won't work . I'm nowhere close to being tired .
It won't work . I'm nowhere close to being tired . I really don't care , just go to sleep .
I really don't care , just go to sleep . What if I stay up and do something , until I get tired ?
What if I stay up and do something , until I get tired ? You'll be up all night if I let you do that .
You'll be up all night if I let you do that . I'm going to get to sleep eventually .
I'm going to get to sleep eventually . You need to go to sleep now , so go to sleep .
Why are you reading the classifieds ? What do you need ? I'm looking for a bookcase , but I don't want to buy a new one .
I'm looking for a bookcase , but I don't want to buy a new one . Are you having any luck ?
Are you having any luck ? Not really . There aren't any used bookcases listed . But there are a few rummage sales on Saturday . I think I'll go to them .
Not really . There aren't any used bookcases listed . But there are a few rummage sales on Saturday . I think I'll go to them . Do you mind if I go with you ?
Do you mind if I go with you ? Not at all . These private sales are great places to bargain . And sometimes you can find terrific things among all the junk .
Not at all . These private sales are great places to bargain . And sometimes you can find terrific things among all the junk . I learned to negotiate from my mother . I thought I was pretty good at bargaining , but I had a problem the other day at Kimble's Department Store .
I learned to negotiate from my mother . I thought I was pretty good at bargaining , but I had a problem the other day at Kimble's Department Store . What happened ?
Would you like something to drink ? Yes please . Do you have any teas ?
Yes please . Do you have any teas ? Of course we have lots of teas ?
Of course we have lots of teas ? What do you recommend ?
What do you recommend ? What about a green tea or perhaps a jasmine tea ?
What about a green tea or perhaps a jasmine tea ? What ' s this one ?
What ' s this one ? That ' s Oolong tea -- it ' s a Cantonese tea .
Hi . I need more amenities , please . Could you be a little more specific , sir ?
Could you be a little more specific , sir ? Well , to be more specific , the free stuff , like soap , lotion , and shampoo .
Well , to be more specific , the free stuff , like soap , lotion , and shampoo . I understand . Now , you're saying that you've already used up all your amenities ?
I understand . Now , you're saying that you've already used up all your amenities ? Oh , no ! I've got all I need for my stay here .
Oh , no ! I've got all I need for my stay here . So , what's the problem ?
So , what's the problem ? I need souvenirs !
I need souvenirs ! You want some souvenirs !
You want some souvenirs ! Yes , yes . Souvenirs .
Yes , yes . Souvenirs . But , sir , our souvenir shop carries all those items .
But , sir , our souvenir shop carries all those items . That's not the same thing . If you buy hotel souvenirs , they have no sentimental value .
Can I help you , sir ? Yes , I'd like to look at some suits .
Yes , I'd like to look at some suits . Oh , this way please . What size do you wear ?
Oh , this way please . What size do you wear ? Size 41 . I want something in dark flannel .
Size 41 . I want something in dark flannel . How about this one ?
How about this one ? It feels all right . But if it were a darker color , I'd like it better . This seems too light for winter . Do you think you could get me one ?
It feels all right . But if it were a darker color , I'd like it better . This seems too light for winter . Do you think you could get me one ? All right . I'll show you something darker . Do you like this one ?
All right . I'll show you something darker . Do you like this one ? It looks good . But can I try it on ?
It looks good . But can I try it on ? Of course . Let me help you .
Of course . Let me help you . Thanks . It's comfortable . Well , how much is it , please ?
Thanks . It's comfortable . Well , how much is it , please ? $ 280 .
How many languages can you speak ? Besides Chinese , I can speak English and French .
Besides Chinese , I can speak English and French . You mean you can read and write both of them ?
You mean you can read and write both of them ? No , I can only carry on a simple conversation in French .
No , I can only carry on a simple conversation in French . Can you read and write English well ?
Can you read and write English well ? I can speak the language better than read and write .
I can speak the language better than read and write . Do you speak the language well enough to communicate with people of English-speaking countries ?
Do you speak the language well enough to communicate with people of English-speaking countries ? I think so . I used to be an interpreter .
I think so . I used to be an interpreter . Do you think your English is good enough to do desk work ?
I'm going to buy a new living room set . Where are you going to buy one ?
Where are you going to buy one ? I'm really not sure .
I'm really not sure . You like my living room set , don't you ?
You like my living room set , don't you ? Where did you buy it ?
Where did you buy it ? I found mine at IKEA .
I found mine at IKEA . Are they expensive ?
Are they expensive ? Everything I got from IKEA cost me a couple thousand .
Everything I got from IKEA cost me a couple thousand . Is the furniture crafted well ?
Is the furniture crafted well ? The furniture isn't built cheap .
The furniture isn't built cheap . I'll pay the money , as long as I'm getting what I pay for .
I'd like to make sure my plane reservation is in order . May I have your flight number , please ?
May I have your flight number , please ? World Airlines , Flight 201 .
World Airlines , Flight 201 . And your name , please ?
And your name , please ? John Anderson .
John Anderson . Yes , sir . You're booked on Flight 201 , leaving in one hour .
Hello , ma ' am . Can I help you ? I ' m looking for a sweater .
I ' m looking for a sweater . What size are you looking for ?
What size are you looking for ? Well , I ' m looking for size 10 but you don ' t have it .
Well , I ' m looking for size 10 but you don ' t have it . How about this one ? I think it looks terrific on you .
How about this one ? I think it looks terrific on you . Yes , I like the color . Can I try it on ?
Yes , I like the color . Can I try it on ? Sure . The fitting room is on your right .
Sure . The fitting room is on your right . It fits well . I like it a lot . What do you think ?
It fits well . I like it a lot . What do you think ? You look pretty in red .
You look pretty in red . Oh , it ' s my favorite . How much is it ?
Oh , it ' s my favorite . How much is it ? $ 29 . 99 .
$ 29 . 99 . Okay . I ' ll take it . Thank you very much for your help .
Good Morning . What can I do for you ? Good Morning , I have a bad cough , and I want to see an internist .
Good Morning , I have a bad cough , and I want to see an internist . Do you have a registration card ?
Do you have a registration card ? No , I don ' t . I ' m a tourist .
No , I don ' t . I ' m a tourist . Then you need to register as a new patient . Can I have a look at you ID card ? I need your name , age , occupation , address and contacting number .
Then you need to register as a new patient . Can I have a look at you ID card ? I need your name , age , occupation , address and contacting number . Here you are .
Here you are . Thanks . Which kind of medicine do you prefer , western medicine or traditional Chinese medicine ?
Thanks . Which kind of medicine do you prefer , western medicine or traditional Chinese medicine ? I ' d like to try traditional Chinese medicine . I heard it really works quite well if you know what you're doing .
Hello , this is Steven from Blue Sky Co . May I speak to Mr . James ? Speaking .
Speaking . Excuse my troubling you . You purchased our products last year and now I am following up to find out about their workings . Are they still in good condition now ?
Excuse my troubling you . You purchased our products last year and now I am following up to find out about their workings . Are they still in good condition now ? Yeah , exactly ! I bought them last year . En ... at present , they are still in good state .
Yeah , exactly ! I bought them last year . En ... at present , they are still in good state . That's it ! All of them have first-class quality and performance . Besides , we adopt advanced technology . Now we have developed new products . They are much better than what you have bought .
That's it ! All of them have first-class quality and performance . Besides , we adopt advanced technology . Now we have developed new products . They are much better than what you have bought . Your company is developing so fast . Maybe later on I will plan to buy more .
Your company is developing so fast . Maybe later on I will plan to buy more . That's great ! Thanks for your support . If any , please remember to call us . I am afraid I have to say goodbye now ! Bye , Mr . James !
My name is Mary , and I will be your waitress tonight . Thank you , Mary . We have been looking forward to trying out this restaurant .
Thank you , Mary . We have been looking forward to trying out this restaurant . Before your main course , would you like to order an appetizer ?
Before your main course , would you like to order an appetizer ? Sure , that sounds great . Where are your appetizers listed ?
Sure , that sounds great . Where are your appetizers listed ? There is a special appetizer menu right here in the center of the table .
There is a special appetizer menu right here in the center of the table . The chicken and cheese quesadilla looks good . Is that pretty good ?
The chicken and cheese quesadilla looks good . Is that pretty good ? You know , that is one of my favorites !
You know , that is one of my favorites ! OK , I'll take one order of that .
OK , I'll take one order of that . You could choose another appetizer for half price to share .
Excuse me . Do you speak English ? Yes , I do . How can I help you ?
Yes , I do . How can I help you ? Well , I've just arrived in my room , but there are no instructions in English about the facilities available ! Could you help me for a moment ?
Well , I've just arrived in my room , but there are no instructions in English about the facilities available ! Could you help me for a moment ? Of course not . What exactly would you like to know ?
Of course not . What exactly would you like to know ? First , what is the number for room service ?
First , what is the number for room service ? It's 1200 . Room service is available 24 hours a day .
It's 1200 . Room service is available 24 hours a day . Very good . Now , could you help me to adjust the air conditioning , please ? It's too hot in my room .
Very good . Now , could you help me to adjust the air conditioning , please ? It's too hot in my room . Yes , the control unit is on the wall next to the bathroom . Is 24 ° C all right ?
Yes , the control unit is on the wall next to the bathroom . Is 24 ° C all right ? Yes , that's perfect . Another thing , if need more items for the mini-bar , which Number should I call ?
Yes , that's perfect . Another thing , if need more items for the mini-bar , which Number should I call ? You should call the Housekeeping Department on 2300 . They will replace any stock for you immediately .
You should call the Housekeeping Department on 2300 . They will replace any stock for you immediately . I see . So , is it possible to make international phone calls from my room ?
I see . So , is it possible to make international phone calls from my room ? That's no problem . Just dial 9 to get an outside line , and then dial the number as usual .
That's no problem . Just dial 9 to get an outside line , and then dial the number as usual . Well , thanks a lot for your help .
Well , thanks a lot for your help . No problem , sir . If there's anything else you need , you can find me at the desk by the elevator , or you can call housekeeping if I'm not there .
No problem , sir . If there's anything else you need , you can find me at the desk by the elevator , or you can call housekeeping if I'm not there . OK , goodbye .
What are you doing ? I ' m trying to put the vase on the shelf .
I ' m trying to put the vase on the shelf . Let regive you a hand .
What do you think of the project ? Very interesting . Thank you for bringing it to us .
Very interesting . Thank you for bringing it to us . Are you interested in making this investment ?
Well , Mr . Smith . That ' s a nasty infection you have . Yes . Is there anything you can give me to get rid of it , Doctor ?
Yes . Is there anything you can give me to get rid of it , Doctor ? I ' m going to prescribe some antibiotics , and some cream to ease the itching and burning .
I ' m going to prescribe some antibiotics , and some cream to ease the itching and burning . OK . Thank you . Where should I buy them ?
OK . Thank you . Where should I buy them ? The pharmacy will give you a discount since you came to the clinic .
The pharmacy will give you a discount since you came to the clinic . Great . What floor is the pharmacy on ?
Great . What floor is the pharmacy on ? The fourth . I ' ll send the prescription down there , so you can just pick it up on your way out .
Please give me a piece of ' New York Daily ' . You are late . The last piece has sold out .
You are late . The last piece has sold out . Really ? Is there ' Wall Street Journal ' , please ?
Really ? Is there ' Wall Street Journal ' , please ? There are several , take a piece . The crash appears in the headline . It is famous for offering catastrophe stories .
There are several , take a piece . The crash appears in the headline . It is famous for offering catastrophe stories . I have a long flight for ten hours . I need to choose a magazine .
I have a long flight for ten hours . I need to choose a magazine . There are various magazines in the rack .
There are various magazines in the rack . Give me the latest issue of ' National Geographic ' .
Give me the latest issue of ' National Geographic ' . That's the top magazine in America and is popular with young people . OK . It is totally 30 dollars .
That's the top magazine in America and is popular with young people . OK . It is totally 30 dollars . Here you are .
It's your turn to go first . I went first last time .
I went first last time . No , Mary went first last time .
Hello , how are you doing today ? I ' Ve been having trouble breathing lately .
I ' Ve been having trouble breathing lately . Have you had any type of cold lately ?
Have you had any type of cold lately ? No , I haven ' t had a cold . I just have a heavy feeling in my chest when I try to breathe .
No , I haven ' t had a cold . I just have a heavy feeling in my chest when I try to breathe . Do you have any allergies that you know of ?
Do you have any allergies that you know of ? No , I don ' t have any allergies that I know of .
No , I don ' t have any allergies that I know of . Does this happen all the time or mostly when you are active ?
Does this happen all the time or mostly when you are active ? It happens a lot when I work out .
It happens a lot when I work out . I am going to send you to a pulmonary specialist who can run tests on you for asthma .
Harry , come here immediately ! What ?
What ? Don't take that tone with me ! I saw you hit your brother .
Don't take that tone with me ! I saw you hit your brother . No ! He hit me first .
Emergency road service . May I help you ? I have a flat tyre .
I have a flat tyre . All right . What's your membership card , please ?
All right . What's your membership card , please ? 489 3362 1978 .
489 3362 1978 . And your name ?
And your name ? Eve .
Eve . What's the expiration date on your card ?
What's the expiration date on your card ? It's July 16,2009 .
It's July 16,2009 . Where is your car now ?
Where is your car now ? It's on the west street , near Royal Hotel .
It's on the west street , near Royal Hotel . And which direction were you going ?
And which direction were you going ? I was going west .
I was going west . What is the make and model of your car ?
What is the make and model of your car ? BMW 530 .
BMW 530 . What color is it ?
What color is it ? It's red .
It's red . What's your licence plate number ?
What's your licence plate number ? SAY 201 .
We need to take the accounts system offline to carry out the upgrade . But don't worry , it won't cause too much inconvenience . We're going to do it over the weekend . How long will the system be down for ?
How long will the system be down for ? We'll be taking everything offline in about two hours ' time . It'll be down for a minimum of twelve hours . If everything goes according to plan , it should be up again by 6 pm on Saturday .
Hello . Mr . Othman ? This is Michael in Mr . Emory ' s office . He ' d like to set up and appointment with you to talk about buying a new copier . Sure , I ' d be glad to . What time frame did he have in mind ?
Sure , I ' d be glad to . What time frame did he have in mind ? He ' d like to do it as soon as possible , sir . How about tomorrow at 2:45 ?
Oh , I ' m staving . I ' d like to try some real Chinese cuisine . What would you recommend waiter ? Well , depends . You see , there are eight famous Chinese food cuisines , for instance , sichuan cuisine and HUNAN cuisine .
Well , depends . You see , there are eight famous Chinese food cuisines , for instance , sichuan cuisine and HUNAN cuisine . There're all spicy or hot of heard .
There're all spicy or hot of heard . That ' s right . If you have hot dishes , you can try some .
That ' s right . If you have hot dishes , you can try some . It might be too hot for me .
It might be too hot for me . And there are Cantonese cuisine and Kiangsu cuisine .. Most people like them .
And there are Cantonese cuisine and Kiangsu cuisine .. Most people like them . What about any special Beijing dishes ?
What about any special Beijing dishes ? There ' re Beijing roast duck .
There ' re Beijing roast duck . OH , yes . I heard of a lot of about it . I like very much to try it . Where can I find it ?
OH , yes . I heard of a lot of about it . I like very much to try it . Where can I find it ? You can find it in most restaurant . The best place certainly is Quanjude restaurant .
You can find it in most restaurant . The best place certainly is Quanjude restaurant . Is it near here ?
Is it near here ? Not too near but not too far either . A taxi will take you there in fifteen minutes . the traffic is not too bad , I mean .
Not too near but not too far either . A taxi will take you there in fifteen minutes . the traffic is not too bad , I mean . Well , thank you for your information . What ' s the name of that restaurant again ?
Well , thank you for your information . What ' s the name of that restaurant again ? Let me write it down on a piece of paper for you . You can show to the taxi driver .
Hello , Can I speak to Tom , please ? I'm afraid he is not in at the moment .
I'm afraid he is not in at the moment . May I ask what time he will come back ?
May I ask what time he will come back ? I think he will come back at 3 p . m . Do you want to call later ? Or would you like to leave a message for him ?
I think he will come back at 3 p . m . Do you want to call later ? Or would you like to leave a message for him ? I'd like to leave a message . Please ask him to call me back as soon as he returns . I'm A and he has my number .
I'd like to leave a message . Please ask him to call me back as soon as he returns . I'm A and he has my number . OK . I will do that .
OK . I will do that . Thank you very much . Bye .
What would you have ? I'll try Chinese wine .
I'll try Chinese wine . What about this dry red ? It's good indeed , it never goes to the head .
What about this dry red ? It's good indeed , it never goes to the head . OK . Give me one , please .
OK . Give me one , please . Here it is .
Here it is . Thank you .
Peter , go and tidy up your toys now . Wait a moment , mom .
Wait a moment , mom . I'm mad ! I said now ! Turn off the TV , and do it now .
I'm mad ! I said now ! Turn off the TV , and do it now . Mom , just ten more minutes . The show is going to be over soon .
How are you doing , Jim ? Fine , just fine . How about you ?
Hello Mr . Jones , please have a seat . Thank you for coming in today . I have read your resume . You completed University in England ? Yes , I went to Cambridge . After graduation , I started right away into the advertising industry . Later , I made a bit of a switch to focus on marketing research .
Yes , I went to Cambridge . After graduation , I started right away into the advertising industry . Later , I made a bit of a switch to focus on marketing research . So , what experience do you have ?
So , what experience do you have ? I have ten years marketing experience . This includes both entry level and management positions . In my last position , I worked my way up to being director of the marking department .
I have ten years marketing experience . This includes both entry level and management positions . In my last position , I worked my way up to being director of the marking department . I can see that from your resume . Your last position was marketing director for a pharmaceutical company , is that right ? Later , why did you decide to leave your former post ?
I can see that from your resume . Your last position was marketing director for a pharmaceutical company , is that right ? Later , why did you decide to leave your former post ? I felt after five years in one place , I was ready for something new . I would like to have a job that is challenging , something that I can see and do new things every day . I loved many things about my former job , and I left with amiable feelings on both sides . I was just ready for something new .
I felt after five years in one place , I was ready for something new . I would like to have a job that is challenging , something that I can see and do new things every day . I loved many things about my former job , and I left with amiable feelings on both sides . I was just ready for something new . I see . Do you want to work full-time or part-time ?
I see . Do you want to work full-time or part-time ? I would rather work full-time .
I would rather work full-time . I'll make note of that . Now , what are your salary expectations ?
Welcome to the McDonald's . What will it be for you , madam ? One Big Mac and French Fries .
One Big Mac and French Fries . Is there anything else ?
Is there anything else ? Give me one coke , please .
Give me one coke , please . Is this to go or to eat here ?
Is this to go or to eat here ? To go , please .
To go , please . That comes to four dollars and ten cents .
That comes to four dollars and ten cents . And can I have some ketchup , please ?
Did you check before you left the shop ? Yes , I did . But when I got home , my son put it on and we found the hole .
Yes , I did . But when I got home , my son put it on and we found the hole . Really ? Let me have a look at it . Mm . OK . Let me change it for another one .
How may I help you today ? I need to open a second account .
I need to open a second account . What kind of account would you like to open ?
What kind of account would you like to open ? I need another savings account .
I need another savings account . Do you have another account with us ?
Do you have another account with us ? I sure do .
I sure do . Would you like to transfer money from that account into your new one ?
Would you like to transfer money from that account into your new one ? That ' s fine .
That ' s fine . How much would you like to transfer ?
How much would you like to transfer ? Transfer $ 100 .
Transfer $ 100 . Give me a moment while I complete your transaction .
What are you doing here today ? I would like to fight my ticket .
I would like to fight my ticket . Is the arresting officer in the courtroom today ?
Is the arresting officer in the courtroom today ? Yes , the officer is here today .
Yes , the officer is here today . What's your case ?
What's your case ? I was pulled over for running a red light , but I never did .
I was pulled over for running a red light , but I never did . Do you believe that the officer lied ?
Do you believe that the officer lied ? There was a camera on the signal . So , he was obviously lying .
There was a camera on the signal . So , he was obviously lying . Your license plate was caught on camera ?
Your license plate was caught on camera ? A picture of my license plate was never taken .
A picture of my license plate was never taken . Since there is no picture of your license plate on record , I'm going to let you go .
Why is the car before us stopping ? What's going on ?
What's going on ? Look . Two cars are standing right in the middle of the road and the drivers are shouting rude words to each other . That's why that car stops .
Look . Two cars are standing right in the middle of the road and the drivers are shouting rude words to each other . That's why that car stops . More and more people easily get irritated while driving .
I think that you look very cute today . Is that right ? This is a brand new outfit .
Is that right ? This is a brand new outfit . What store did you get it from ?
What store did you get it from ? I went to Macy's and picked it out .
I went to Macy's and picked it out . I love your outfit right now .
I love your outfit right now . Well , I think you look nice today too .
Well , I think you look nice today too . Thanks . I found these new shoes earlier at the store .
Thanks . I found these new shoes earlier at the store . I think that those are some really nice shoes . What kind are they ?
I think that those are some really nice shoes . What kind are they ? These are Chucks .
These are Chucks . Your shoes look really nice . How much did you get them for ?
Your shoes look really nice . How much did you get them for ? They only cost me about forty dollars .
Could you help me with these books ? My hands are full . Can ' t you see that ?
My hands are full . Can ' t you see that ? Please , George .
Excuse me . I have just missed the connection plane due to the heavy fog in London . Can I change my ticket now ? Please Show your ticket and passport .
Please Show your ticket and passport . Here you are .
Here you are . Which flight do you want to change ?
Could I see the manager please ? I have a complaint to make . Yes , I ' m the manager here . What can I do for you , Madam ?
Yes , I ' m the manager here . What can I do for you , Madam ? Did you have the room checked before we move in ?
Did you have the room checked before we move in ? Which room are you in ?
Which room are you in ? 1808 . The toilet doesn ' t work properly ; the water doesn ' t run in the shower .
shall we dance ? sure . i suppose you dance much .
sure . i suppose you dance much . oh . no as a matter of fact , i haven't danced for a long time .
oh . no as a matter of fact , i haven't danced for a long time . but i can see you dance wonderfully well .
but i can see you dance wonderfully well . thanks for flattering me .  i think you dance much right ?
thanks for flattering me .  i think you dance much right ? no , just occasionally
no , just occasionally oh , i like this music very much , let's tango .
Is everything to your satisfaction ? No , the steak was recommended , but it is not very fresh .
No , the steak was recommended , but it is not very fresh . Oh , sorry to hear that . This is quite unusual . I will look into the matter .
Oh , sorry to hear that . This is quite unusual . I will look into the matter . This is very annoying .
This is very annoying . I'm sorry , sir . Do you wish to try something else ? That would be on the house , of course .
I'm sorry , sir . Do you wish to try something else ? That would be on the house , of course . No , I don't risk it .
No , I don't risk it . How about a delicious dessert then , with our compliment ?
How about a delicious dessert then , with our compliment ? I'm not keen on dessert as a habit . They are fattening .
Yes , emergency . There is a huge fire here . Calm down , sir . What's your name and where are you now ?
Calm down , sir . What's your name and where are you now ? My name is Jerry and we are on the intersection of West Road and East Road .
You're looking rather pale , why ? I couldn't sleep well recently .
I couldn't sleep well recently . You'd get plenty of sleep for you work so hard .
You'd get plenty of sleep for you work so hard . I always drink too much wine in the evening .
I always drink too much wine in the evening . You shan't drink more wine in the evening .
You shan't drink more wine in the evening . Yes , you are right .
Yes , you are right . And you'd take some exercise every day .
Ahhs ! I'm beat ! What happened to you ? You look like you got hit by a tornado !
What happened to you ? You look like you got hit by a tornado ! I just got back from fighting the crowds .
I just got back from fighting the crowds . You mean at the mall ? Was there a sale ?
You mean at the mall ? Was there a sale ? Yeah . For five minutes , everything was half off . It was total chaos ...
Yeah . For five minutes , everything was half off . It was total chaos ... Cool !
Right , let me run through your options . You can go ahead and cash your undue Large-Amount Deposit Certificate if you really want to , but I'd recommend a Personal Durable Commodities Loan . OK , what does that entail ?
OK , what does that entail ? It's not too much trouble to do it this way and remember , your certificate is due in 2 months . If you can hold on to it , it'll be much better for your finances .
It's not too much trouble to do it this way and remember , your certificate is due in 2 months . If you can hold on to it , it'll be much better for your finances . Yes , it does seem a little silly to cash it now . I'll probably need about 25,000 RIB . Will that be a problem ?
Yes , it does seem a little silly to cash it now . I'll probably need about 25,000 RIB . Will that be a problem ? Not at all , Mr Zu . As the certificate is due in 2 months , you can get the loan on mortgage of that certificate .
Not at all , Mr Zu . As the certificate is due in 2 months , you can get the loan on mortgage of that certificate . I'm glad you thought of this . I'd have just gone ahead and cashed it ! And I suppose I can use the money from the certificate to pay back this Personal Durable Commodities Loan and I won't lose any interest , right ?
I'm glad you thought of this . I'd have just gone ahead and cashed it ! And I suppose I can use the money from the certificate to pay back this Personal Durable Commodities Loan and I won't lose any interest , right ? Exactly right . If you'd like to go ahead , I can process that for you now , Mr Zu .
I was really glad to hear about your award . Congratulations ! Thanks , Denise . Actually , I was really surprised . I mean , there were a lot of qualified people out there .
Thanks , Denise . Actually , I was really surprised . I mean , there were a lot of qualified people out there . Sure . But the work you did was really exceptional ! You definitely deserved it !
Look , Mary ! There are so many people over there ! Oh , I remember , there is a job fair in the personnel market .
Oh , I remember , there is a job fair in the personnel market . I have never been to the personnel market .
I have never been to the personnel market . Really ? I have been there several times .
Really ? I have been there several times . Are there many employers ?
Are there many employers ? Yes . The personnel market is a place specially for job-hunters and employers .
Yes . The personnel market is a place specially for job-hunters and employers . So there will be many large companies in the personnel market , right ?
So there will be many large companies in the personnel market , right ? Yes , there are many famous corporations .
Yes , there are many famous corporations . When will there be a job fair ?
When will there be a job fair ? Every Saturday and Sunday
Every Saturday and Sunday Do I need to pay to go into the personnel market ?
Do I need to pay to go into the personnel market ? No , it's free .
No , it's free . How about going there to have a look now ?
Now people are talking about world recession which started more than a year ago . Can you give us your personal assessment of the situation of the global economy ? As you know , we are in a very special time . This is a very hard time for many countries ' economics , both developed and developing . I think the current economic situation could be described as synchronized slowdown of major economies .
As you know , we are in a very special time . This is a very hard time for many countries ' economics , both developed and developing . I think the current economic situation could be described as synchronized slowdown of major economies . What is the direct impact of the terrorist attack upon your country's economy ?
What is the direct impact of the terrorist attack upon your country's economy ? Once the US economy is in trouble due to the terrorist attack , the impact could be quickly felt in the rest of the world .
Once the US economy is in trouble due to the terrorist attack , the impact could be quickly felt in the rest of the world . What challenges is your country's economy facing at the moment ?
Come in and sit down . Thanks , Mr . Liang .
Thanks , Mr . Liang . Among all the assistants , I think you're on top of it . Based on the annual evaluation , the board of directors decided to give you a bonus .
Among all the assistants , I think you're on top of it . Based on the annual evaluation , the board of directors decided to give you a bonus . Really ? I am too happy .
Really ? I am too happy . I've been reviewing your work over the past few months . Thanks to your excellent work , we benefit much from your project . And you should get the perfect attendance award too .
I've been reviewing your work over the past few months . Thanks to your excellent work , we benefit much from your project . And you should get the perfect attendance award too . Thanks for your trust . Owing to my colleagues ' help , I've successfully completed my task .
Thanks for your trust . Owing to my colleagues ' help , I've successfully completed my task . You are very modest and diligent . The distribution of bonus derived from the performance evaluation . You deserve it .
Operator . May I help you ? Yes . How do I get an outside line , please ?
Yes . How do I get an outside line , please ? Just dial 0 , wait for the dial tone , and then dial the phone number you want to call . Or we can place a call for you , if you want .
I like Chinese food . I like Chinese food , too . I like dumplings best .
I like Chinese food , too . I like dumplings best . At school , we sometimes have Chinese food for lunch .
At school , we sometimes have Chinese food for lunch . That's good . We eat Chinese food only at the Chinese restaurant .
That's good . We eat Chinese food only at the Chinese restaurant . My mother can make some Chinese food .
So , what do you plan to do today ? There is a Matisse exhibition at the Museum of Modern Art . Larry and I will go .
There is a Matisse exhibition at the Museum of Modern Art . Larry and I will go . Did you buy tickets already ?
Did you buy tickets already ? No . Do we need tickets ?
No . Do we need tickets ? Well , probably . Probably you will have to wait in line if you don't have tickets .
Well , probably . Probably you will have to wait in line if you don't have tickets . Outside or inside ?
Outside or inside ? Outside , on the sidewalk .
Outside , on the sidewalk . Hmm . It's very cold today . But I brought my jacket . Maybe it will be alright to wait .
Hmm . It's very cold today . But I brought my jacket . Maybe it will be alright to wait . The MYOMA is very popular . There will be a lot of people .
The MYOMA is very popular . There will be a lot of people . MYOMA ? What's that ?
MYOMA ? What's that ? Oh , sorry . It stands for the Museum of Modern Art . It's an acronym . M O M A MYOMA .
Oh , sorry . It stands for the Museum of Modern Art . It's an acronym . M O M A MYOMA . I see . Do you have any suggestions for other things we should do ?
I see . Do you have any suggestions for other things we should do ? I suggest you go to the Jewish Museum . It ' s not far from the Guggenheim , near Central Park . It is really very interesting . Also , there is a great museum of medieval European art further up north . It ' s called the Cloisters .
I suggest you go to the Jewish Museum . It ' s not far from the Guggenheim , near Central Park . It is really very interesting . Also , there is a great museum of medieval European art further up north . It ' s called the Cloisters . How can we get up there ?
How can we get up there ? You can take a bus .
What kind of place shall we rent ? It should be close to the university . Neither of us are good at getting up in the mornings and closer it is , the later we can get up .
It should be close to the university . Neither of us are good at getting up in the mornings and closer it is , the later we can get up . Absolutely . That's the most important thing to take into consideration . I'm not too worried about the size of the flat .
Absolutely . That's the most important thing to take into consideration . I'm not too worried about the size of the flat . Neither am I . so a small place is ok , but we'll get a bigger one if it's not expensive . Do you mind if it's in a noisy area .
Neither am I . so a small place is ok , but we'll get a bigger one if it's not expensive . Do you mind if it's in a noisy area . I don't mind . I'm not a light sleeper , but quieter is better for when we have to study at home .
I don't mind . I'm not a light sleeper , but quieter is better for when we have to study at home . Good point . Ok , let's go to the estate agent and see what they can offer us .
Good point . Ok , let's go to the estate agent and see what they can offer us . Yes , if we're lucky we'll find something in the next few days . I think you had a good idea to start flat hunting early .
Yes , if we're lucky we'll find something in the next few days . I think you had a good idea to start flat hunting early . How much do you think the rent will be ?
Excuse me . May I take you a picture ? With pleasure .
With pleasure . Thanks you . Shall we stand a bit further ? I would like to take the tower in .
Thanks you . Shall we stand a bit further ? I would like to take the tower in . No problem .
No problem . That's OK . If you want the photo I will mail it to you .
Do you develop films here ? Yes , we shall . What size do you like ?
Yes , we shall . What size do you like ? Well , the 4 x 6 is fine .
Well , the 4 x 6 is fine . Which do you prefer , color or black and white ?
Which do you prefer , color or black and white ? The last one is black and white , all the rest should need color .
The last one is black and white , all the rest should need color . OK .
OK . I hope they will come out well . When should I pick them up ?
I hope they will come out well . When should I pick them up ? They will be ready at noon tomorrow . Each negative develops one print , right ?
They will be ready at noon tomorrow . Each negative develops one print , right ? Yes , it is . And develop them as glossy as possible .
Yes , it is . And develop them as glossy as possible . No problem . Do you need another film ?
No problem . Do you need another film ? Yes , a roll of Kodak film please .
Bob from accounting is on the line . Do you want to speak with him ? Yes , I need to talk to him .
Yes , I need to talk to him . I'll put the call through then .
the air quality in this city is horrendous ! The pollution levels were so high that we weren't supposed to go outside with a face mask again ! exhaust fumes from vehicles cause a great deal of damage to the environment .
exhaust fumes from vehicles cause a great deal of damage to the environment . on top of that , there are a few large chemical factories in the suburbs , which are contributing to the high pollution levels in the water and the air in this city .
on top of that , there are a few large chemical factories in the suburbs , which are contributing to the high pollution levels in the water and the air in this city . as much as I love this city , I think I'm going to have to find a greener city to live in . Living in a polluted city like this just can't be good for my health .
as much as I love this city , I think I'm going to have to find a greener city to live in . Living in a polluted city like this just can't be good for my health . I know what you mean . However , there are so few places left that have not been affected by global warming . If it's not the pollution , then it's the natural disasters , deforestation , or the greenhouse
I know what you mean . However , there are so few places left that have not been affected by global warming . If it's not the pollution , then it's the natural disasters , deforestation , or the greenhouse what is the greenhouse effect exactly ?
what is the greenhouse effect exactly ? it's the gradual rise in the earth's temperature .
it's the gradual rise in the earth's temperature . I see , so it's similar to global warming ?
I see , so it's similar to global warming ? they're related to one another , yes .
they're related to one another , yes . I heard that some people in England are pleased with the fact that the climate is becoming warmer because it's making their towns a more pleasant place to live .
I heard that some people in England are pleased with the fact that the climate is becoming warmer because it's making their towns a more pleasant place to live . people joke about the benefits of the increase in temperature , but it's not all good news . They've been experiencing a lot of deadly storms there as well .
people joke about the benefits of the increase in temperature , but it's not all good news . They've been experiencing a lot of deadly storms there as well . people always seem to make jokes as a way to deal with unfortunate situations .
I think this spring is a good time for us to start looking . We should plan to move out of here before July . I'm tired of living in apartments .
We should plan to move out of here before July . I'm tired of living in apartments . I know , dear . I am too . But we've just been too busy to look for a house .
I know , dear . I am too . But we've just been too busy to look for a house . We need to find a good realtor .
We need to find a good realtor . Not necessarily . If we use a realtor to find a house , it will be more expensive .
Not necessarily . If we use a realtor to find a house , it will be more expensive . What do you mean ?
What do you mean ? Realtors always get a commission . If the realtor helps us find something , we have to pay him .
Realtors always get a commission . If the realtor helps us find something , we have to pay him . But doesn't a realtor help with the contract ? I thought they take care of all the legal troubles .
But doesn't a realtor help with the contract ? I thought they take care of all the legal troubles . Yes , that's often true . But you have to pay them .
Yes , that's often true . But you have to pay them . I still think we should have a realtor . We ' re new in this country . We don't know all the laws of buying a house . And also , the realtor will inspect the house . He can tell us if the house has
I still think we should have a realtor . We ' re new in this country . We don't know all the laws of buying a house . And also , the realtor will inspect the house . He can tell us if the house has Of course we need a home inspector . But we can hire an inspector on our own . And as for the legal problems , I have friends . They can help us .
Of course we need a home inspector . But we can hire an inspector on our own . And as for the legal problems , I have friends . They can help us . So how can we find a house if we don't have a realtor ?
So how can we find a house if we don't have a realtor ? It takes a little more time . We have to check the ads in the paper . Probably also there are special real estate magazines with ads . Then we have to drive to the homes and look at them .
It takes a little more time . We have to check the ads in the paper . Probably also there are special real estate magazines with ads . Then we have to drive to the homes and look at them . And doesn't the person selling the house have a realtor ?
And doesn't the person selling the house have a realtor ? Sometimes they do , sometimes they don't . It's best to find someone who is selling by themselves .
Sometimes they do , sometimes they don't . It's best to find someone who is selling by themselves . Why ?
Why ? Because if the seller has a realtor , their price will be higher . He will have to pay a commission to the realtor .
Because if the seller has a realtor , their price will be higher . He will have to pay a commission to the realtor . Hmm . It all sounds very complicated .
Hmm . It all sounds very complicated . It is . But buying a house is very important . So it takes time . That ' s why we haven't done it yet . It's very troublesome .
It is . But buying a house is very important . So it takes time . That ' s why we haven't done it yet . It's very troublesome . I want to look in the papers today . Maybe we can see something we like .
Hello , Fred . What are you doing ? I'm doing the business online .
I'm doing the business online . Can you tell me the concept of e-commerce ? Now , many people mentioned the word , ' e-commerce ' , in front of me .
Can you tell me the concept of e-commerce ? Now , many people mentioned the word , ' e-commerce ' , in front of me . E-commerce , or Electronic Commerce is the practice of purchasing and selling products or services over the Internet .
E-commerce , or Electronic Commerce is the practice of purchasing and selling products or services over the Internet . What kinds of channels can you use in e-commerce ?
What kinds of channels can you use in e-commerce ? We can complete a trade by email , electronic data interchange and smart cards , and so on .
We can complete a trade by email , electronic data interchange and smart cards , and so on . What are the benefits of e-commerce ?
What are the benefits of e-commerce ? Firstly , it can overcome the geographic limitation . And secondly , e-commerce can lower the internal costs . And thirdly , people like us , can also open stores on Internet .
What are we going to do ? I can't get the car out of this ditch . I'm stuck ! I'm worried , Tom . I haven't seen any other cars for almost an hour .
I'm worried , Tom . I haven't seen any other cars for almost an hour . I know . This is terrible . What can we do ? This snow doesn't stop falling !
I know . This is terrible . What can we do ? This snow doesn't stop falling ! I told you we should have stayed in town today . The weather report said 100 percent chance of snow . Why did you want to come up here ?
I told you we should have stayed in town today . The weather report said 100 percent chance of snow . Why did you want to come up here ? I wanted to show you the cabin . We only had another half-hour to go .
I wanted to show you the cabin . We only had another half-hour to go . Well , now we're stuck . What can we do ?
Well , now we're stuck . What can we do ? I don't know .
I don't know . I've heard that when this happens , it's important to save energy .
I've heard that when this happens , it's important to save energy . What do you mean ?
What do you mean ? We're stranded here , Tom . We may be here a long time . We need to conserve the gas in the car . The car's energy is what will keep us warm .
We're stranded here , Tom . We may be here a long time . We need to conserve the gas in the car . The car's energy is what will keep us warm . I have plenty of gas .
I have plenty of gas . Yes , but the gas and the battery both have to stay working . We can't just let the car run and run . If we do , it will die soon . Then we'll freeze .
Yes , but the gas and the battery both have to stay working . We can't just let the car run and run . If we do , it will die soon . Then we'll freeze . So what can we do ?
So what can we do ? Turn the lights off . Then , run the car and the heater only about fifteen minutes every hour . That will conserve the heat as long as possible .
Turn the lights off . Then , run the car and the heater only about fifteen minutes every hour . That will conserve the heat as long as possible . Alright . That's a good idea .
Alright . That's a good idea . I wish we hadn't come up here . Now we'll probably be here for days .
I wish we hadn't come up here . Now we'll probably be here for days . Days ?
Days ? Yes , it happens . That is what happens in big snowstorms . People get stranded for days .
Yes , it happens . That is what happens in big snowstorms . People get stranded for days . Oh , my God ! It's good we have food .
How much is your last salary ? I have earned 10,000 a year including bonuses .
I have earned 10,000 a year including bonuses . How much do you want us to pay you ?
What's the name of this street ? University Street .
University Street . Do you know of any banks near here ?
Can I borrow five bucks ? No !
No ! Come on ! I'll pay you back on Tuesday .
Come on ! I'll pay you back on Tuesday . Last time I lent you money , you never paid me back .
Last time I lent you money , you never paid me back . I promise if you lend me five dollars today , I will repay you in full next week .
I promise if you lend me five dollars today , I will repay you in full next week . Ok , but I'm taking your skateboard as collateral .
Ok , but I'm taking your skateboard as collateral . Fine ! I can't believe you don't trust me .
Mr . Li , I come to remind you of the meeting scheduled at 11 o'clock this morning . Oh , that's right . And the general manager asked me to report the company's sales for last year at the meeting .
Oh , that's right . And the general manager asked me to report the company's sales for last year at the meeting . By the way , the meeting will be held in your office .
By the way , the meeting will be held in your office . OK , thank you very much .
What can I do for you today ? I need to buy a new refrigerator today .
I need to buy a new refrigerator today . Were you looking at a particular refrigerator ?
Were you looking at a particular refrigerator ? I like that Kenmore refrigerator .
I like that Kenmore refrigerator . This particular refrigerator is a very good choice .
This particular refrigerator is a very good choice . Tell me about it .
Tell me about it . Not only is it affordable , but it comes with all the appliances .
Not only is it affordable , but it comes with all the appliances . What are the appliances .
What are the appliances . It has an ice maker , water dispenser , and plenty of room on the inside .
It has an ice maker , water dispenser , and plenty of room on the inside . I'd like to see it for myself .
I'd like to see it for myself . Go right ahead .
How often does the bus run ? Every five minutes .
Every five minutes . Oh , here comes a bus !
I often sneeze after having a bad itch inside my nose . Sometimes this is accompanied by an itching throat . Any other discomfort ?
Any other discomfort ? Yes . Sometimes I can notice a constriction in the chest and shortness of breath after a fit of sneezing . And I often suffer from a running nose with a profuse watery discharge .
Yes . Sometimes I can notice a constriction in the chest and shortness of breath after a fit of sneezing . And I often suffer from a running nose with a profuse watery discharge . Does it occur seasonally or all year round ?
Does it occur seasonally or all year round ? It has been seasonal during these past three years .
It has been seasonal during these past three years . Are you sensitive to other things ?
Are you sensitive to other things ? Yes , things like seafood and penicillin-type drugs .
Yes , things like seafood and penicillin-type drugs . OK . Let me examine your nose . According to your case history and the examination , I believe that it's allergic rhinitis .
OK . Let me examine your nose . According to your case history and the examination , I believe that it's allergic rhinitis . What useful treatment can you offer ?
We've been waiting here for nearly ten minutes now , and there still isn't a bus in sight . I'm afraid we'll be late for the party .
I'm afraid we'll be late for the party . Have you got the time , Tom ?
Have you got the time , Tom ? Yes , my watch says a quarter to seven . but there is something wrong with my watch !
Yes , my watch says a quarter to seven . but there is something wrong with my watch ! But you bought it only last month .
But you bought it only last month . Yes , but ever since I bought it , it gains about five minutes a day , so I ' Ve got to have it repaired .
Yes , but ever since I bought it , it gains about five minutes a day , so I ' Ve got to have it repaired . How long will it take us to get there ?
How long will it take us to get there ? I think about ten minutes by bus .
I think about ten minutes by bus . It's not far away , then . Let's walk , it's beginning to rain .
Hello , could I speak to Allison , please ? I'm sorry ; he's out at the moment .
I'm sorry ; he's out at the moment . When do you expect him back ?
When do you expect him back ? I think he'll be back in about an hour at least .
I think he'll be back in about an hour at least . Well , may I leave a message ?
Well , may I leave a message ? Yes , of course .
Yes , of course . Would you please ask him to call Chris when he gets back ?
Would you please ask him to call Chris when he gets back ? Ok . Does he know your number ?
Ok . Does he know your number ? I'm afraid he doesn't . My mobile is 139- 2477 - 4026 .
You seem to be upset . What ' s eating you ? It ' s because of my son . Dick keeps getting on my nerves
It ' s because of my son . Dick keeps getting on my nerves Dick ? How come ? He used to be as meek as a lamb .
Dick ? How come ? He used to be as meek as a lamb . Yes , he used to be . But now he ' s drifting off track .
Could you give me some advice on how to bring up my son properly ? He's a bright boy , isn't he ?
He's a bright boy , isn't he ? But he always wimps out of difficulty .
I'm about to run out of business cards . I need some new ones . We can print as many as you like . Just tell me how many .
We can print as many as you like . Just tell me how many . Two thousand should get me through the year .
Two thousand should get me through the year . Here's a form to get you started .
Here's a form to get you started . My old card is perfect , so all I want you to do is copy it exactly .
My old card is perfect , so all I want you to do is copy it exactly . I think you'll be very pleased with how well we duplicate your old card .
I think you'll be very pleased with how well we duplicate your old card . ... Here you go
... Here you go Thanks . Come back here next Wednesday to pick up your order , please .
Thanks . Come back here next Wednesday to pick up your order , please . I'm sorry , but can you give me a three-day turnaround ?
How was your interview ? Pretty good . The HR manager asked me the usual questions . Then he wondered why I had decided to leave my previous job .
Pretty good . The HR manager asked me the usual questions . Then he wondered why I had decided to leave my previous job . What did you say ?
What did you say ? I told him that I hadn ' t got a raise for three years . I also told him that one of my best co-workers quitted her job because she had not been promoted for eight years .
I told him that I hadn ' t got a raise for three years . I also told him that one of my best co-workers quitted her job because she had not been promoted for eight years . Did he want to know the reasons ?
Did he want to know the reasons ? Yes . I told him that my boss made some excuses of the recession . But I thought he had a pattern and a record of promoting men only .
Yes . I told him that my boss made some excuses of the recession . But I thought he had a pattern and a record of promoting men only . That ' s sex discrimination . When will you get the reply ?
That ' s sex discrimination . When will you get the reply ? In a couple of days , I was told .
In a couple of days , I was told . Wish you good luck !
Long time no see , George ! Yes , a very long time .
Yes , a very long time . What brings you here ?
Lily , I am terribly sorry about this . But we have to put off or cancel tomorrow's meeting . Cancelled ? That's just can't happen !
Cancelled ? That's just can't happen ! Sorry to say , but nothing can be done . The equipment broke down and can't be fixed till Friday .
Hello , Mary . Oh , hello , Tom ! Beautiful day , isn ' t it ?
We are here . OK . How much is the fare ?
OK . How much is the fare ? The total is 45 yuan .
The total is 45 yuan . 45 yuan ? It is too much , Are you sure ?
45 yuan ? It is too much , Are you sure ? It is 45 yuan on the meter .
It is 45 yuan on the meter . Is there something wrong with your meter ?
Is there something wrong with your meter ? No . I am sure about that .
No . I am sure about that . OK . Could you give me a receipt ?
Finance , Angie speaking . Hi Angie , it ' s Tom Reynolds here . Can you tell me if my tuition fees for this semester have been approved ?
Hi Angie , it ' s Tom Reynolds here . Can you tell me if my tuition fees for this semester have been approved ? Yes , Mr . Reynolds . They were approved yesterday . You can pick up the check today .
Good morning , May . Good girl , you are reading English books again . Good morning . There is no reason to miss so beautiful a morning . Is that a new bird ?
Good morning . There is no reason to miss so beautiful a morning . Is that a new bird ? Oh , yes , my daughter bought it yesterday . We call her Lulu .
Oh , yes , my daughter bought it yesterday . We call her Lulu . It looks so cute . Is it a parrot ?
It looks so cute . Is it a parrot ? Yes . Just look at her colorful feathers . What else can it be ?
Yes . Just look at her colorful feathers . What else can it be ? I see . It's interesting that there is also a parrot in my English book . His mane is Polly .
I see . It's interesting that there is also a parrot in my English book . His mane is Polly . Really ? A foreign parrot !
Really ? A foreign parrot ! He can speak English , too .
He can speak English , too . Maybe you can teach Lulu some English words .
Marry Wang's Office , this is Marry . Hi Marry , this is Tom .
Hi Marry , this is Tom . How can I help you ?
Good afternoon , madam . Is there anything I can do for you ? Yes , I spent so much time sightseeing here . It is already so late now . I am afraid I can't catch the last bus back to downtown .
Yes , I spent so much time sightseeing here . It is already so late now . I am afraid I can't catch the last bus back to downtown . Don't worry . I will try to get a taxi for you . You can take it to the bus station .
Don't worry . I will try to get a taxi for you . You can take it to the bus station . I am very grateful to your help .
I am very grateful to your help . Don't mention it . It is my duty .
David , we have been doing business for three years , haven't we ? Yes , I'm glad we've had very pleasant cooperation in the previous years . And your achievement for promoting our clothes was great in the three years .
Yes , I'm glad we've had very pleasant cooperation in the previous years . And your achievement for promoting our clothes was great in the three years . So , I wish to apply for the sole agency of your product in our local market . If you give us the agency , that will be more substantial for our cooperation .
So , I wish to apply for the sole agency of your product in our local market . If you give us the agency , that will be more substantial for our cooperation . To be frank , you are not the only one who applies for an agent for us in your country . I'd like to know some ideas of terms on which you would be willing to operate as our agent .
To be frank , you are not the only one who applies for an agent for us in your country . I'd like to know some ideas of terms on which you would be willing to operate as our agent . As we are a well-established company , we are very familiar with the customers ' needs . Besides , we can make full use of our good connections with the wholesalers and retailers here and develop a good market for your products if appointed as your agent .
As we are a well-established company , we are very familiar with the customers ' needs . Besides , we can make full use of our good connections with the wholesalers and retailers here and develop a good market for your products if appointed as your agent . Sounds reasonable . I will tell my boss about you agent application . Another question , what do you think is the minimum annual sales you can guarantee ?
Sounds reasonable . I will tell my boss about you agent application . Another question , what do you think is the minimum annual sales you can guarantee ? To be on the safe side , and for garment of all materials , sizes , and styles , I think the amount will be 50,000 pieces a year .
To be on the safe side , and for garment of all materials , sizes , and styles , I think the amount will be 50,000 pieces a year . Well . As our sole agency , you will neither handle the same or similar products of other origins nor re-export our goods to any other area outside your own .
I'd like to talk to Mr . White please ? He stepped out of the office for a little while .
He stepped out of the office for a little while . When is a good time to catch him ?
How can I help you ? well , I'm looking for some summer clothes .
well , I'm looking for some summer clothes . Oh , it is the right time for you purchasing in our clothes shop . We are now having a low price on all our summer apparel .
Oh , it is the right time for you purchasing in our clothes shop . We are now having a low price on all our summer apparel . Really ? What's that ?
Really ? What's that ? Everything for summer is 20 % off .
Everything for summer is 20 % off . I like this T-shirt . Would you like to help me look for any skirts that go with it ?
I like this T-shirt . Would you like to help me look for any skirts that go with it ? Sure . We have both skirts and trousers that would look well with the T-shirt . Look at this section .
Sure . We have both skirts and trousers that would look well with the T-shirt . Look at this section . This one is good .
This one is good . You have good taste . It is very much in style this year .
You have good taste . It is very much in style this year . I'll take this one . How much are they ?
I'll take this one . How much are they ? 160 yuan .
Hey , buddy , can ' t you see there ' s a line ? Oh , sorry . I didn ' t know .
Oh , sorry . I didn ' t know . What ? You haven ' t taken the bus before ?
What ? You haven ' t taken the bus before ? No , I ' m afraid not .
No , I ' m afraid not . Well , you have to wait in line like everyone else . Besides , you should let old people on first .
Well , you have to wait in line like everyone else . Besides , you should let old people on first . Sorry .
Sorry . It ' s all right . Where are you going ?
It ' s all right . Where are you going ? I wanted to see the White House .
I wanted to see the White House . Oh , well you don ' t want this bus , anyway . It goes to Georgetown .
Oh , well you don ' t want this bus , anyway . It goes to Georgetown . Oh , no .
Oh , no . It ' s all right , though . Just get off at the next stop and catch the 79A .
It ' s all right , though . Just get off at the next stop and catch the 79A . Oh , well thank you very much .
Can you develop the roll of film ? Sure .
Sure . How long does it take ?
How long does it take ? 6 hours . If you are in a hurry we can develop it in 3 hours .
There are many art craft items in this shop . I suggest you take your time , and you might find something you like . That's what I am going to do .
That's what I am going to do . If you have any problem , please come to me .
If you have any problem , please come to me . I surely will . How much is this wood carving ?
I surely will . How much is this wood carving ? You are an expert on it . That wood carving is very rare . But I'm so sorry . that is not for sell .
You are an expert on it . That wood carving is very rare . But I'm so sorry . that is not for sell . That's OK . Is anything else recommended ?
That's OK . Is anything else recommended ? Do you have any special request ?
Do you have any special request ? I'd like to see some traditional arts .
I'd like to see some traditional arts . So that means you are shopping for presents ?
So that means you are shopping for presents ? Yes , I'm just here to pick out some special presents for my foreign friends .
Yes , I'm just here to pick out some special presents for my foreign friends . Actually , I think the paper-cuts is OK , because it is easy to carry and foreign friends are also interested in it . They think that is a miracle .
Actually , I think the paper-cuts is OK , because it is easy to carry and foreign friends are also interested in it . They think that is a miracle . Sounds good . I'll take paper-cut .
Sounds good . I'll take paper-cut . I have collected different kinds of paper-cuts all over the country , you can pick the one you like best .
I have collected different kinds of paper-cuts all over the country , you can pick the one you like best . You collect them yourself ? I think that you are just doing the wholesale .
You collect them yourself ? I think that you are just doing the wholesale . As a matter of fact , I open the shop because I'm interested in the arts . I spent lots of time doing research on the folk art of our country .
I ' m interested in teaching at your school . Great . Are you a qualified teacher ?
Great . Are you a qualified teacher ? Yes .
Yes . What kind of teaching certificate do you have ?
What kind of teaching certificate do you have ? I have a TEFL certificate .
I have a TEFL certificate . How many years of experience do you have ?
How many years of experience do you have ? I have three years of teaching ESL and four years of teaching per-school children .
I have three years of teaching ESL and four years of teaching per-school children . When did you get your TEFL certificate ?
When did you get your TEFL certificate ? I got my TEFL certificate three years ago .
I got my TEFL certificate three years ago . Why do you want to teach at our school ?
Why do you want to teach at our school ? Well , I ' Ve heard many good things about it . I also like teaching young children .
Well , I ' Ve heard many good things about it . I also like teaching young children . That ' s great . Can you speak Chinese ?
That ' s great . Can you speak Chinese ? Yes , just a little .
Yes , just a little . Can you come in for an interview tomorrow at 10:00 ?
Can you come in for an interview tomorrow at 10:00 ? I sure can .
Holly ? Holly Madison , is that you ? You look great ! You haven't changed a bit . Uh ... Andrew . Hello . I can't quite remember you .
Uh ... Andrew . Hello . I can't quite remember you . It's me . The D-man ! I sat behind you in English . Are you and Taylor still dating ?
It's me . The D-man ! I sat behind you in English . Are you and Taylor still dating ? Um ... we never were . We're just friends .
Um ... we never were . We're just friends . Well , if you're not seeing anyone , maybe we could ...
Happy Birthday , this is for you , Brian . I'm so happy you remember , please come in and enjoy the party . Everyone's here , I'm sure you have a good time .
I'm so happy you remember , please come in and enjoy the party . Everyone's here , I'm sure you have a good time . Brian , may I have a pleasure to have a dance with you ?
Brian , may I have a pleasure to have a dance with you ? Ok .
Ok . This is really wonderful party .
This is really wonderful party . Yes , you are always popular with everyone . and you look very pretty today .
Yes , you are always popular with everyone . and you look very pretty today . Thanks , that's very kind of you to say . I hope my necklace goes with my dress , and they both make me look good I feel .
Thanks , that's very kind of you to say . I hope my necklace goes with my dress , and they both make me look good I feel . You look great , you are absolutely glowing .
It's raining heavily . We have to find a shelter .
We have to find a shelter . All right .
All right . Let's go under the tree .
Let's go under the tree . No , we can't . It's thundering .
Excuse me , could you tell me the bookshop ' s address ? Yes , the bookshop is just around the corner . Turn left and you ' ll see the bookshop .
Yes , the bookshop is just around the corner . Turn left and you ' ll see the bookshop . Thank you very much . By the way , is the hospital beside the bookshop .
Thank you very much . By the way , is the hospital beside the bookshop . Right , if you see the bookshop , you can see the hospital .
Right , if you see the bookshop , you can see the hospital . Thank you for your help .
The skirt looks beautiful . Can I try it on ? Of course .
Of course . Well , I think this one is a little too small . Would you please bring me a bigger one ?
Please help yourself at your dishes . I hope you ' ll enjoy what you ' Ve got . It suits my taste . You are really a good cook .
It suits my taste . You are really a good cook . Would you like to try my special recipe ?
Would you like to try my special recipe ? Wow , let me try . It tastes nice . How did you make it ?
Have you ever thought about having children , Kaitlyn ? My husband and I have thought about it , but we've decided not to have any . They're just too expensive . Besides , with all the news about global warming on the news lately , who knows what kind of Worl
My husband and I have thought about it , but we've decided not to have any . They're just too expensive . Besides , with all the news about global warming on the news lately , who knows what kind of Worl Well , I've always wanted to have lots of children . Growing up with only one brother , I always felt a bit lonely . What do you think about families with only one child ?
Well , I've always wanted to have lots of children . Growing up with only one brother , I always felt a bit lonely . What do you think about families with only one child ? For me , growing up in a big family always made me yearn for attention . I always wanted to be an only child so that I could always do what I wanted and so that I wouldn't ever have to share .
For me , growing up in a big family always made me yearn for attention . I always wanted to be an only child so that I could always do what I wanted and so that I wouldn't ever have to share . Don't you think you would miss having other people around ?
Don't you think you would miss having other people around ? No way ! I spent 20 years of my life with relatives around me 24-7 . You know , I don't think I've ever actually spent any time by myself in my parents ' home . What do you think fo the one-child policy
No way ! I spent 20 years of my life with relatives around me 24-7 . You know , I don't think I've ever actually spent any time by myself in my parents ' home . What do you think fo the one-child policy If China didn't have such a policy , can you imagine how many people there would be in China now ?
If China didn't have such a policy , can you imagine how many people there would be in China now ? That's true . But as a woman , I'm glad that even though I don't want any children , I at least have a choice in how many children I have . On the other hand , I can't imagine what China would be like
That's true . But as a woman , I'm glad that even though I don't want any children , I at least have a choice in how many children I have . On the other hand , I can't imagine what China would be like Do you think most families with many children envy or feel sorry for other families with only one child ?
We will go to Luoyang for a vacation next month . How long will you stay there ?
How long will you stay there ? About one week .
About one week . Where will you live during the vacation .
Where will you live during the vacation . In the hotel .
In the hotel . Have you made a reservation ?
Have you made a reservation ? Yes , we have .
Come in and sit down , Jack . Now , what's the trouble ? I've got a terrible pain in my stomach , Doctor .
I've got a terrible pain in my stomach , Doctor . I see . When did it start ?
I see . When did it start ? It started yesterday . I didn't eat any supper .
It started yesterday . I didn't eat any supper . Have you got a temperature ?
Have you got a temperature ? I think so . I feel very hot .
I think so . I feel very hot . Let's see . Yes . You ' Ve got quite a high temperature .
Let's see . Yes . You ' Ve got quite a high temperature . I've got an awful headache , too , and my throat hurts .
I've got an awful headache , too , and my throat hurts . Hm ... I think you ' Ve got the flu .
Hm ... I think you ' Ve got the flu . Is it serious ?
Is it serious ? No , not at all , but you must stay in bed for three days and take this medicine .
No , not at all , but you must stay in bed for three days and take this medicine . How often must I take it ?
How often must I take it ? Three times a day after meals .
Oh , so the zoo is over there . Thank you so much for your help . You ' re welcome . Can I ask you what brings you to China ?
You ' re welcome . Can I ask you what brings you to China ? I ' m actually travelling around Asia .
I ' m actually travelling around Asia . Oh , very nice . How long will you be in Beijing ?
Oh , very nice . How long will you be in Beijing ? Probably another week .
Probably another week . Oh , I see . Well , I ' ll give you my phone number and if you need a guide , please call me .
Hello , Anna . Come in and sit down . Hello , doctor .
Hello , doctor . What's the matter ?
What's the matter ? I've got a backache .
I've got a backache . Do you often suffer from backache ?
Do you often suffer from backache ? No , I don't . I've never had a bad one before .
No , I don't . I've never had a bad one before . When did it start ?
When did it start ? About four days ago .
About four days ago . Well , go home and rest in bed for two days , then you'll feel better .
Well , go home and rest in bed for two days , then you'll feel better . Can you give me some medicine ? It's very painful .
Hello ? This is John Smith . Can I speak to Mr . White , please ? This is Mr . White speaking .
This is Mr . White speaking . Hi . I understand that you have a house for sale , haven ' t you ?
Hi . I understand that you have a house for sale , haven ' t you ? Yes .
Yes . I ' d like to know more about it .
I ' d like to know more about it . Can you come to my office this afternoon at 3 o ' clock ?
Can you come to my office this afternoon at 3 o ' clock ? OK . I will be there .
OK . I will be there . Thank you for calling . Goodbye .
Hello , who is speaking ? Hello , this is John . I want to speak to Linda .
Hello , this is John . I want to speak to Linda . This is her .
This is her . Hi , Linda , I'm just calling to invite you to a dinner party tomorrow evening .
Hi , Linda , I'm just calling to invite you to a dinner party tomorrow evening . Really ? What time and where ?
Really ? What time and where ? 7:30 PM at London-Chinese restaurant . I \ ' ll be at your place at seven to pick you up if you need a ride .
7:30 PM at London-Chinese restaurant . I \ ' ll be at your place at seven to pick you up if you need a ride . Yes , please , I'll need a ride . I'll be waiting for you then .
Yes , please , I'll need a ride . I'll be waiting for you then . See you tomorrow at seven . Make sure your dress a little formally . I heard the restaurant is kind of upscale .
See you tomorrow at seven . Make sure your dress a little formally . I heard the restaurant is kind of upscale . Thank you , see you then .
Hello , can I help ? I'm from Lexington Software and I'm here to collect an export L / C .
I'm from Lexington Software and I'm here to collect an export L / C . I have it right here .
I have it right here . Great . Can I take it with me now ? Or do you need me to fill in some forms or something ?
Great . Can I take it with me now ? Or do you need me to fill in some forms or something ? No , you can take it away now . I just need you to sign here .
No , you can take it away now . I just need you to sign here . Here you are .
Here you are . Just one thing before you go , could you please prepare your documents in accordance with the L / C within the validity period ?
Mr . Smith , do you like the hotel we booked ? Yes , we do . We like it very much .
Yes , we do . We like it very much . I've come to make sure that your stay in Beijing is a pleasant one .
My aunt told me one of her secrets--cellophane tape . I just got it at the special health store . It's for my flabby arms .
I just got it at the special health store . It's for my flabby arms . Let me know how it works .
Let me know how it works . I have to say , I have had enough of this roller coaster .
I have to say , I have had enough of this roller coaster . I know what you mean . I'm like a yo-yo .
Do you have a reservation , sir ? No , I ' m afraid we don ' t .
No , I ' m afraid we don ' t . I ' m sorry the restaurant is full now . You have to wait for about half an hour . Would you like to have a drink at the lounge until there ' s a table available .
I ' m sorry the restaurant is full now . You have to wait for about half an hour . Would you like to have a drink at the lounge until there ' s a table available . No , thanks , I ' ll come back later . May I reserve a table for two ?
No , thanks , I ' ll come back later . May I reserve a table for two ? Yes , of course . May I have your name , sir ?
Yes , of course . May I have your name , sir ? Bruce By the way , can we have a table by the window ?
Bruce By the way , can we have a table by the window ? we ' ll try to arrange it , but I can ' t guarantee sir .
we ' ll try to arrange it , but I can ' t guarantee sir . That ' s fine .
What shall we do when we find a shortage in the shipment ? You should do one of the two things - either to lodge a claim with the shipowner or with the insurance company .
You should do one of the two things - either to lodge a claim with the shipowner or with the insurance company . Shall we leave it to the brokers ?
Shall we leave it to the brokers ? Yes . They usually do it .
Yes . They usually do it . Do they charge for that ?
Do they charge for that ? Of course . In Europe , they charge a commission of 1 % of the amount of the claim for their service .
Of course . In Europe , they charge a commission of 1 % of the amount of the claim for their service . Is it the same in America ?
Is it the same in America ? They do the work without charge to the importer .
They do the work without charge to the importer . It's part of their service , isn't it ?
It's part of their service , isn't it ? Exactly .
Exactly . Is it enough to claim with an on board bill of lading ?
Is it enough to claim with an on board bill of lading ? No , you must also obtain a statement from the shipping agent certifying that the goods were actually loaded on their vessel for shipment .
No , you must also obtain a statement from the shipping agent certifying that the goods were actually loaded on their vessel for shipment . I see . By the way , how do we prove the ownership of our goods ?
I see . By the way , how do we prove the ownership of our goods ? You must provide full original set of ocean bills of lading original insurance policy or certificate and the original commercia invoice .
You must provide full original set of ocean bills of lading original insurance policy or certificate and the original commercia invoice . I see . Thank you .
Can I be of any service to you ? I've been told that Chinese arts and crafts are famous for their excellent workmanship . We'd like to take some home . What would you recommend ?
I've been told that Chinese arts and crafts are famous for their excellent workmanship . We'd like to take some home . What would you recommend ? There are over a thousands kinds of articles in our shop . For example , there is tricolored pottery originating in the Tang Dynasty , embroidery , batik , jade carving , just to name a few . Do you have anything in mind ?
There are over a thousands kinds of articles in our shop . For example , there is tricolored pottery originating in the Tang Dynasty , embroidery , batik , jade carving , just to name a few . Do you have anything in mind ? No , not really . But I think it should be something distinctively Chinese . And easy to carry .
No , not really . But I think it should be something distinctively Chinese . And easy to carry . I would suggest you buy paper-cuts , embroidery and batik . They are very easy to carry .
Hi , I would like to purchase a one way ticket to Brussels , please . Certainly sir , this is our train schedule . We have an express train departing every morning and an overnight train that departs at nine pm .
Certainly sir , this is our train schedule . We have an express train departing every morning and an overnight train that departs at nine pm . How long does it take to get there ?
How long does it take to get there ? About twelve hours . We currently have tickets available only for first class on the express train . If you ' d like , you can choose a sleeper on the overnight train which is a bit less expensive .
About twelve hours . We currently have tickets available only for first class on the express train . If you ' d like , you can choose a sleeper on the overnight train which is a bit less expensive . Yeah , I think that is the best option . Do you serve food on the train ? Twelve hours is such a long time !
Yeah , I think that is the best option . Do you serve food on the train ? Twelve hours is such a long time ! Yes , of course . There is a dining car towards the front of the train where they serve meals at all times . We do provide complimentary water and coffee for all of our passengers .
Yes , of course . There is a dining car towards the front of the train where they serve meals at all times . We do provide complimentary water and coffee for all of our passengers . Great ! I ' ll take it .
Great ! I ' ll take it . Here you are sir . Your train leaves from platform number nine at nine on the dot . Remember to be here at least thirty minutes before your scheduled departure time or else you might miss your train !
Here you are sir . Your train leaves from platform number nine at nine on the dot . Remember to be here at least thirty minutes before your scheduled departure time or else you might miss your train ! I understand . Thank you very much !
Can I have the check please ? Right away , sir .
Right away , sir . Is this amount correct ?
Is this amount correct ? Yes , sir , it is .
Yes , sir , it is . Thank you , the service was good
Hey , Jimmy , you've been sitting in front of the TV all day . Anything interesting on TV ? Not really . Quite boring right now , actually . Mostly infomercials and public service announcements .
Not really . Quite boring right now , actually . Mostly infomercials and public service announcements . Why don't you turn off the TV and get outside ? You need to get some fresh air .
Why don't you turn off the TV and get outside ? You need to get some fresh air . I know , I know . But my favorite show is on in a couple of minutes . It's the series finals , and I wouldn't miss it for the world !
I know , I know . But my favorite show is on in a couple of minutes . It's the series finals , and I wouldn't miss it for the world ! Really ? What's the series about ?
Really ? What's the series about ? Well , it's about how an immigrant girl achieve her dream in America . It's a sitcom but really quite smart and really funny . I think you'd like it .
Well , it's about how an immigrant girl achieve her dream in America . It's a sitcom but really quite smart and really funny . I think you'd like it . It sounds interesting , but I am not a big fan of TV shows . They're time consuming and don't have much depth .
It sounds interesting , but I am not a big fan of TV shows . They're time consuming and don't have much depth . I believe some shows are quite informative and interesting . Take this show for example , it examines American xenophobia and how it might conflict with the American dream , with hilarious results .
I believe some shows are quite informative and interesting . Take this show for example , it examines American xenophobia and how it might conflict with the American dream , with hilarious results . Really ? that's interesting !
Really ? that's interesting ! Yeah . Oh , here it comes ! why don't we watch it together ? they are going to have a court debate in this episode . It should be good .
Hello . This is Dr . Galas Office . Can I help you ? Yes . I ' d like to make an appointment with Dr . Galas . Could you arrange it for me ?
Yes . I ' d like to make an appointment with Dr . Galas . Could you arrange it for me ? Sure . Let me check his schedule . How about tomorrow afternoon at 2:30 ?
Sure . Let me check his schedule . How about tomorrow afternoon at 2:30 ? I ' m not available tomorrow afternoon . How about tomorrow morning ?
I ' m not available tomorrow afternoon . How about tomorrow morning ? I ' m sorry . Dr . Galas is fully engaged tomorrow morning . How about the day after tomorrow at 9:30 in the morning ?
I ' m sorry . Dr . Galas is fully engaged tomorrow morning . How about the day after tomorrow at 9:30 in the morning ? That ' s fine . Thanks .
That ' s fine . Thanks . You ' re welcome . Could I have your name and phone number , please ?
You ' re welcome . Could I have your name and phone number , please ? Certainly . My name is Janet Smith , and my phone number is 610-555-1234 .
Certainly . My name is Janet Smith , and my phone number is 610-555-1234 . Very good , Ms . Smith . I have scheduled an appointment for you on Wednesday at 9:30 am .
Very good , Ms . Smith . I have scheduled an appointment for you on Wednesday at 9:30 am . Thank you very much .
Hi , Mark . Hi , Bill . I ' d like to take the apartment I looked at yesterday .
Hi , Bill . I ' d like to take the apartment I looked at yesterday . All right .
All right . So , what do we do now ?
So , what do we do now ? This is the lease . You should read the lease very carefully before you sign it because it describes your legal rights and responsibilities as a tenant . The lease also describes our rights and responsibilities as landlords .
This is the lease . You should read the lease very carefully before you sign it because it describes your legal rights and responsibilities as a tenant . The lease also describes our rights and responsibilities as landlords . Okay . ( Reads the lease ) So , according to the lease , I ' ll deposit one month ' s rent as a security deposit , and I have to pay the first month ' s rent in advance . I understand that I ' ll get the security deposit back when I move out if the apartment does not need any costly repairs .
Okay . ( Reads the lease ) So , according to the lease , I ' ll deposit one month ' s rent as a security deposit , and I have to pay the first month ' s rent in advance . I understand that I ' ll get the security deposit back when I move out if the apartment does not need any costly repairs . Yes . If you do not damage the apartment , you will get your security deposit back when you move out .
Yes . If you do not damage the apartment , you will get your security deposit back when you move out . Can I pay you by check ?
Can I pay you by check ? Sure . A check will be fine .
Sure . A check will be fine . Is there a laundry room in the basement ?
Is there a laundry room in the basement ? Yes .
Is this the central park to East Market bus ? This is the East market to Central park bus . Where do you want to go ?
This is the East market to Central park bus . Where do you want to go ? To the ministry government hall .
To the ministry government hall . Take the same number bus going other direction . There ' s stop right cross the street .
Can you give me a hand with the dishes ? Sure . Should I wash or dry ?
Sure . Should I wash or dry ? I wash and you'll dry .
Excuse me . I need to refill this prescription . It says on the bottle here that you can have two refills .
It says on the bottle here that you can have two refills . Yes , I need to refill it today .
Yes , I need to refill it today . Alright . I'm sorry , Miss . According to our file , this prescription has already been refilled twice .
Alright . I'm sorry , Miss . According to our file , this prescription has already been refilled twice . I was worried about that . I couldn't remember if I had it refilled twice yet or not .
I was worried about that . I couldn't remember if I had it refilled twice yet or not . Well , it looks like you have . You will need to see your doctor to get a new prescription .
Well , it looks like you have . You will need to see your doctor to get a new prescription . Listen . This is an emergency . I tried to call my doctor , but he is out of town . So I can't see him in time . I need this medicine . It is for skin condition . I've run out . Can you just refill it once more ?
Listen . This is an emergency . I tried to call my doctor , but he is out of town . So I can't see him in time . I need this medicine . It is for skin condition . I've run out . Can you just refill it once more ? I'm sorry , Miss . We can't do it . We must follow the prescription . And this prescription has run out .
I'm sorry , Miss . We can't do it . We must follow the prescription . And this prescription has run out . But I need it . Please . Refill it for me just this once . I can go to the doctor around ten days from now . Then I'll have another prescription .
But I need it . Please . Refill it for me just this once . I can go to the doctor around ten days from now . Then I'll have another prescription . Miss , I understand your problem . But it is against the law for us to sell certain medicines without a prescription . It ' s the law . I can't do anything about it . We never sell medicine unless we have a proper prescription . Never .
Miss , I understand your problem . But it is against the law for us to sell certain medicines without a prescription . It ' s the law . I can't do anything about it . We never sell medicine unless we have a proper prescription . Never . But I have a prescription . I just need more of it .
But I have a prescription . I just need more of it . A prescription must be valid . It cannot be an expired prescription . I'm sorry , Miss . It's the law . You will have to find another doctor who will prescribe this for you .
A prescription must be valid . It cannot be an expired prescription . I'm sorry , Miss . It's the law . You will have to find another doctor who will prescribe this for you . Oh , it will be so expensive ! I have a special medical plan , and I can only see one doctor . It will cost me a lot of money to see another doctor .
Oh , it will be so expensive ! I have a special medical plan , and I can only see one doctor . It will cost me a lot of money to see another doctor . Miss , I just can't help you on this . I'm a pharmacist , not a doctor . And there are other customers I need to help now . I know it is frustrating when this happens . But there is nothing I can do about it . I'm sorry .
Miss , I just can't help you on this . I'm a pharmacist , not a doctor . And there are other customers I need to help now . I know it is frustrating when this happens . But there is nothing I can do about it . I'm sorry . This is ridiculous ! In Taiwan , it is much easier to get medicine when I need it .
Can you tell me a little bit about yourself ? I am a graduate of a technical university and have been employed as a technician with Company or approximately 10 years .
I am a graduate of a technical university and have been employed as a technician with Company or approximately 10 years . Please explain why you are interested in leaving your current position and please elaborate on your technical skills .
Please explain why you are interested in leaving your current position and please elaborate on your technical skills . I am looking for a growth opportunity , which I feel is not available at my current employer . In terms of skills , I am Microsoft certified in Windows XP and several other operating system
I am looking for a growth opportunity , which I feel is not available at my current employer . In terms of skills , I am Microsoft certified in Windows XP and several other operating system Where do you see yourself five years from now ?
Hey , Jim . It's time to wake up and get out of bed . Do I have to get up now ?
Do I have to get up now ? You'd better get up , or you'll be late .
You'd better get up , or you'll be late . What're you talking about ? My alarm even hasn't gone off yet .
What're you talking about ? My alarm even hasn't gone off yet . Yes , it did . It went off thirty minutes ago . You slept right through it . You're like a dead person while you sleep .
Yes , it did . It went off thirty minutes ago . You slept right through it . You're like a dead person while you sleep . I must have slept right through it .
I must have slept right through it . Rise and shine ! Sleepyhead !
Rise and shine ! Sleepyhead ! Just let me sleep five more minutes .
Just let me sleep five more minutes . The early bird gets the worm .
The early bird gets the worm . I know , I know . But I don't want any worms .
Did you ever buy food from the snack stands near our hotel ? Yes , several times .
Yes , several times . How do you like them ?
How do you like them ? Not bad .
Not bad . I always have the temptation to eat something there .
I always have the temptation to eat something there . Then , why didn't you do that ?
Then , why didn't you do that ? I don't know how much we can trust them . Do you have any ideas ?
I don't know how much we can trust them . Do you have any ideas ? Some of them , I think , are not good .
Some of them , I think , are not good . It doesn't taste good ?
It doesn't taste good ? No , I mean some of them are not clean enough .
No , I mean some of them are not clean enough . That's my greatest concern . But how can you tell which one is clean ?
That's my greatest concern . But how can you tell which one is clean ? I judge by appearances .
I judge by appearances . I got it . I think it's worth trying .
I got it . I think it's worth trying . It certainly is .
It certainly is . I'd like to try some kebab , roasted squid , and many different appealing things .
I'd like to try some kebab , roasted squid , and many different appealing things . Don't try everything at one time , please .
Dad , may I have a room of my own ? Oh , honey , I'm so sorry , we don't have enough space for you to have your own room .
Oh , honey , I'm so sorry , we don't have enough space for you to have your own room . Dad , but I don't want to share a room with Peter . He snores every night .
Dad , but I don't want to share a room with Peter . He snores every night . Honey , you can ask him to be quite . Otherwise you may punish him and tell him to stand out of the room , right ?
Hey there , you look a little lost . Are you new here ? Yeah how ' d you know ?
Yeah how ' d you know ? You can always spot the newbies . I can give you a few pointers if you want . Were you trying to use this machine here ?
You can always spot the newbies . I can give you a few pointers if you want . Were you trying to use this machine here ? Yeah ! I just started my training today and I ' m not really sure where to begin .
Yeah ! I just started my training today and I ' m not really sure where to begin . It ' s ok , I know how it is . This machine here will work out your upper body , mainly your triceps and biceps . Are you looking to develop strength or muscle tone and definition ?
It ' s ok , I know how it is . This machine here will work out your upper body , mainly your triceps and biceps . Are you looking to develop strength or muscle tone and definition ? Well , I don ' t want to be ripped like you ! I just want a good physique with weights and Carpio .
Well , I don ' t want to be ripped like you ! I just want a good physique with weights and Carpio . In that case you want to work with less weight . You can start off by working ten to fifteen reps in four sets . Five kilo weights should be enough . Now it ' s very important that you stretch before pumping iron or you might pull a muscle .
In that case you want to work with less weight . You can start off by working ten to fifteen reps in four sets . Five kilo weights should be enough . Now it ' s very important that you stretch before pumping iron or you might pull a muscle . Got it ! Wow is that the weight you are lifting ? My goodness that ' s a lot of weight !
I can't find the price tag . It's right here . $ 100 .
It's right here . $ 100 . But I heard other stores were having great mark-downs on this item .
But I heard other stores were having great mark-downs on this item . Ours are of really good quality .
Where do you come from ? I come from Greece .
I come from Greece . What's the climate like in your country ?
What's the climate like in your country ? It's very pleasant .
It's very pleasant . What's the weather like in spring ?
What's the weather like in spring ? It's often windy in March . It's always warm in April and May , but it rains sometimes .
It's often windy in March . It's always warm in April and May , but it rains sometimes . What's it like in summer ?
What's it like in summer ? It's always hot in June , July and August . The sun shines every day .
It's always hot in June , July and August . The sun shines every day . Is it cold or warm in autumn ?
Is it cold or warm in autumn ? It's always warm in September and October . It's often cold in November and it rains sometimes .
It's always warm in September and October . It's often cold in November and it rains sometimes . Is it very cold in winter ?
Hello , I brought a lap-top computer with me . Do you know how can I use the internet in my room ? Well , right now , we can't afford internet use in the rooms . But you can go to the web bar in our hotel . It's on the 12 floor .
Good afternoon , Sir . You're here to see about a Temporary Loan , right ? The loans we offer are for purchasing income-generating assets . Is that what you require ? Yes , that's exactly what I need . How about terms for these ?
Yes , that's exactly what I need . How about terms for these ? Well , we offer 60 - day or 90 - day loans . The balance of the loan is to be repaid in full by the end of the specified period .
Well , we offer 60 - day or 90 - day loans . The balance of the loan is to be repaid in full by the end of the specified period . Is there any flexibility on that ?
Is there any flexibility on that ? Unfortunately , not .
Unfortunately , not . OK . In my position , I think the best way to go would be for the 90 - day loan . That would give us a little more time to sort out the repayment plan .
Do you sometimes feel overwhelmed by your work ? Of course ! It is the No . 1 stressor in my life . You know job stress has become a very common problem these days . So we must learn to cope with it .
Of course ! It is the No . 1 stressor in my life . You know job stress has become a very common problem these days . So we must learn to cope with it . Totally agree . What is your solution ?
Totally agree . What is your solution ? Well , there are two causes of job stress . One is employee characteristic and the other is company condition . So if we want to manage job stress , both we and the companies should do something . For me , I am trying to balance work and leisure time . You know , all work and no play make Jack a dull boy .
Well , there are two causes of job stress . One is employee characteristic and the other is company condition . So if we want to manage job stress , both we and the companies should do something . For me , I am trying to balance work and leisure time . You know , all work and no play make Jack a dull boy . You seem to have a very relaxed outlook .
You seem to have a very relaxed outlook . It is necessary . Positive attitude helps to prevent stress .
It is necessary . Positive attitude helps to prevent stress . But I don ' t think we can change our working condition . Anyway , we are not the bosses .
Taxi ! Yes , sir . Where to ?
Yes , sir . Where to ? The city square , please .
The city square , please . Are you in a hurry ?
Are you in a hurry ? Yes , I have to be there to meet a friend at 5 thirty pm . So we're sure we can get there on time ?
Yes , I have to be there to meet a friend at 5 thirty pm . So we're sure we can get there on time ? I'm afraid not , sir . Generally we can , but you know how it is in the rush hour now .
I'm afraid not , sir . Generally we can , but you know how it is in the rush hour now . I see . Here's the extra 5 $ for you if you can get me there on time .
I see . Here's the extra 5 $ for you if you can get me there on time . All right . I'll do my best .
All right . I'll do my best . Oh . we made it . Thank you . How much do I own you ?
Oh . we made it . Thank you . How much do I own you ? The reading on the kilometer is 12 $ .
The reading on the kilometer is 12 $ . Here's the money , keep the changes , please .
Here's the money , keep the changes , please . Do you need a receipt ?
What is your salary at present ? My present pay is 100,000 Yuan per year .
My present pay is 100,000 Yuan per year . What are your salary expectations now ?
What are your salary expectations now ? I like to be paid more than that . Hopefully , 120,000 Yuan per year .
I like to be paid more than that . Hopefully , 120,000 Yuan per year . That's a little more than we had planned .
That's a little more than we had planned . I think you'll find I'm worth that .
I think you'll find I'm worth that . I can only offer you 110,000 Yuan a year . Raises will be given after a three-month probation according to your performance . Is that satisfactory ?
Peter , how often do you exercise ? Well , I swim and run every day .
Well , I swim and run every day . Now , tell me , what do you eat ?
Now , tell me , what do you eat ? Well , I don't eat any meat , but I do eat fish and eggs .
Well , I don't eat any meat , but I do eat fish and eggs . Do you eat a lot of vegetables ?
Do you eat a lot of vegetables ? Oh yes , and fruit , I love fruit .
Oh yes , and fruit , I love fruit . What do you drink ?
What do you drink ? Well , I never drink alcohol , coffee or tea . They are very bad for you .
I need to go to the ATM . So , why don ' t you ?
So , why don ' t you ? I have no idea how to use the ATM .
I have no idea how to use the ATM . What do you mean ?
What do you mean ? This will be my first time using an ATM .
This will be my first time using an ATM . I can help you with that .
I can help you with that . Explain to me how to use it .
Explain to me how to use it . Just put your card into the machine .
Just put your card into the machine . Now what do I do ?
Now what do I do ? Then you need to type in your PIN .
Then you need to type in your PIN . Now what ?
May we see the wine list please ? Sure . Our special wine today is a 1989 Chardonnay .
Sure . Our special wine today is a 1989 Chardonnay . That sounds pretty good ! How much is it ?
That sounds pretty good ! How much is it ? It's $ 4 . 25 cents by the glass . The whole bottle is $ 22 . 5 .
It's $ 4 . 25 cents by the glass . The whole bottle is $ 22 . 5 . I'd like a bottle please .
I'd like a bottle please . I'll need to see your ID please .
I'll need to see your ID please . Here you go .
What date would you like to depart , sir ? Do you have any seats for September 16th ?
Do you have any seats for September 16th ? Let's see ... I'm afraid the 16th is fully booked . But I have seats for the 17th .
Let's see ... I'm afraid the 16th is fully booked . But I have seats for the 17th . The 17th will be fine .
The 17th will be fine . And what date will you be returning ?
And what date will you be returning ? Hmm , I guess on the 28th .
Hmm , I guess on the 28th . Okay , you ' re booked on American Airlines flight 710 , departing JFK at 6:40 p . m . on September 17th . Your return flight is flight 711 , departing London ' s Heathrow Airport at 11:15 a . m . on September 28th .
Excuse me , I'd like to have these pants I bought here yesterday altered . Here's my receipt . Certainly , sir . What would you like done to them ?
Certainly , sir . What would you like done to them ? They're a little bit too long , so I'd like about half an inch taken off them .
They're a little bit too long , so I'd like about half an inch taken off them . All right , sir . They should be ready for you by tomorrow afternoon .
All right , sir . They should be ready for you by tomorrow afternoon . Thank you very much .
Some companies use to ban dating among employees , but now they have realized it is something in avertable . People spend so much time at work . It is not surprising for one to have a crash on the other . If we think positively , office love can be beneficial to company .
If we think positively , office love can be beneficial to company . Beneficial ? I don ' t think so . If two employees get married , they will leave at the same time for a honeymoon , or later one of them will stay at home taking care of babies . If they break up , the company will probably have to relocate one of them to make the workplace more comfortable . By any means , the company must spare extra efforts to solve problems brought by an office dating .
Beneficial ? I don ' t think so . If two employees get married , they will leave at the same time for a honeymoon , or later one of them will stay at home taking care of babies . If they break up , the company will probably have to relocate one of them to make the workplace more comfortable . By any means , the company must spare extra efforts to solve problems brought by an office dating . But if two employees are in love , they will be happy . Happy people are more productive . If they develop an intimate relation with each other , they are willing to share knowledge and experience . It can help to improve work efficiency .
What kind of a car do you have ? An old one .
An old one . I know it's old , but what make is it ?
I know it's old , but what make is it ? It's a Chevrolet . Why do you ask ? You going into the car business ?
It's a Chevrolet . Why do you ask ? You going into the car business ? Nothing like that . My cousin is going to take a job overseas and he can't take his car with him , so he's going to sell it - cheap . It's practically new .
Nothing like that . My cousin is going to take a job overseas and he can't take his car with him , so he's going to sell it - cheap . It's practically new . well I have been thinking about getting a newer car . I can't afford a brand new one .
well I have been thinking about getting a newer car . I can't afford a brand new one . Would you like to look at my cousin's car ?
Would you like to look at my cousin's car ? Is it a four-door or a two-door ?
Is it a four-door or a two-door ? It's a coupe with a vinyl roof .
It's a coupe with a vinyl roof . Does it have automatic transmission ? .
Does it have automatic transmission ? . Yes , and it also has power steering , power brakes , and air conditioning .
Which restaurant do you prefer ? I'd like to taste Mexican food .
I'd like to taste Mexican food . How about the one on Baker Street ?
Come in , please . Good morning , sir !
Good morning , sir ! Good morning , please make yourself comfortable .
Good morning , please make yourself comfortable . Thank you , sir .
Thank you , sir . Your name and examination number , please .
Your name and examination number , please . My name is Du Tao , number 3 .
My name is Du Tao , number 3 . Pardon ?
Pardon ? Du Tao . D-U for Du and T-A - 0 for Tao .
Du Tao . D-U for Du and T-A - 0 for Tao . Yes , Mr . Du , when were you born ?
Yes , Mr . Du , when were you born ? I was born on January 1st , 1988 . I ' m 20 years old now .
I was born on January 1st , 1988 . I ' m 20 years old now . Where do you live ?
Where do you live ? I ' m living at Room 222 , Building 18 , N . P . U .
I ' m living at Room 222 , Building 18 , N . P . U . Can you leave me your phone number ?
Oh ! ! ! I have a horrible toothache . You should go to the dentist .
You should go to the dentist . I hate dentists .
I hate dentists . Well , suffer then . If you have a toothache , you have to go to the dentist .
Well , suffer then . If you have a toothache , you have to go to the dentist . It always hurts . I hate going .
It always hurts . I hate going . Stop being such a baby . If it really hurts that much , just let them knock you out .
Stop being such a baby . If it really hurts that much , just let them knock you out . O . K . , O . K . , I ' ll go .
Would you like a cigarette ? No , thanks . I've decided to give up smoking .
No , thanks . I've decided to give up smoking . Really ? Why ?
Really ? Why ? Well , it's just that I think if you don't enjoy doing something any more , you should stop doing it .
Well , it's just that I think if you don't enjoy doing something any more , you should stop doing it . I see . You mean you don't enjoy smoking any more ?
I see . You mean you don't enjoy smoking any more ? That's right . You should give it up , too . It ' s bad for your health .
That's right . You should give it up , too . It ' s bad for your health . Stop talking like my mother . That's what she keeps saying .
Stop talking like my mother . That's what she keeps saying . But it's true . It's a nasty habit . I can't think why I ever started . Anyway , it's obviously got you in its grip !
But it's true . It's a nasty habit . I can't think why I ever started . Anyway , it's obviously got you in its grip ! What do you mean ? What are you talking about ?
Kate , you never believe what's happened . What do you mean ?
What do you mean ? Masha and Hero are getting divorced .
Masha and Hero are getting divorced . You are kidding . What happened ?
You are kidding . What happened ? Well , I don't really know , but I heard that they are having a separation for 2 months , and filed for divorce .
Well , I don't really know , but I heard that they are having a separation for 2 months , and filed for divorce . That's really surprising . I always thought they are well matched . What about the kids ? Who get custody ?
That's really surprising . I always thought they are well matched . What about the kids ? Who get custody ? Masha , it seems quiet and makable , no quarrelling about who get the house and stock and then contesting the divorce with other details worked out .
Masha , it seems quiet and makable , no quarrelling about who get the house and stock and then contesting the divorce with other details worked out . That's the change from all the back stepping we usually hear about . Well , I still can't believe it , Masha and Hero , the perfect couple . When would they divorce be final ?
That's really convenient . We were wondering if you could take a little off the rent , though . I can take two thousand off . That'll make the rent twenty-eight thousand .
I can take two thousand off . That'll make the rent twenty-eight thousand . That's great . Every little bit counts . And we don't need the parking space . I guess we could rent it out .
That's great . Every little bit counts . And we don't need the parking space . I guess we could rent it out . Sure , for at least three thousand per month .
Sure , for at least three thousand per month . That'll bring the price down to twenty-five . That's the price we were shooting for .
can you squeeze me in sometime today ? That ' s a big order , Jane . I am really swamped .
That ' s a big order , Jane . I am really swamped . I know what you ' re saying , but I have to go over the books with you before I go see our tax guy .
Mr . Black , I ' d like to take some time off . I ' Ve been feeling exhausted these days . That's no problem . Let me see ... You still have ten days annual leave left , is that right ?
That's no problem . Let me see ... You still have ten days annual leave left , is that right ? Yes . I was wondering if I could take another two weeks off .
Yes . I was wondering if I could take another two weeks off . That's long leave . How's your project coming along ?
That's long leave . How's your project coming along ? The project I'm in charged of now will be done by the end of this week . I'd like to take my leave from next Monday on .
The project I'm in charged of now will be done by the end of this week . I'd like to take my leave from next Monday on . Well , all right . But you make sure to tie up loose ends before you leave .
Well , all right . But you make sure to tie up loose ends before you leave . Thank you , Mr . Black . There are no immediate projects coming up at the moment . Mr . Smith will be in charge during my absence . He is taking part in several projects as my assistant and knows how to maintain relationships with our clients .
Thank you , Mr . Black . There are no immediate projects coming up at the moment . Mr . Smith will be in charge during my absence . He is taking part in several projects as my assistant and knows how to maintain relationships with our clients . Great ! I hope you have a good relaxation and come back refreshed .
It is my first time coming to China . I want to buy something unique of China to my friends as gifts . We have a great variety of Chinese antiques and porcelain . Do you like them ?
We have a great variety of Chinese antiques and porcelain . Do you like them ? Yes , I love them , but they are fragile . It is not convenient to take them .
Yes , I love them , but they are fragile . It is not convenient to take them . You are right . How about paintings and embroidered handkerchiefs ?
You are right . How about paintings and embroidered handkerchiefs ? Sounds good . May I have a look ?
Sounds good . May I have a look ? Of course . These paintings have many designs , such as animals , flowers , landscape , aquatics and so on .
Of course . These paintings have many designs , such as animals , flowers , landscape , aquatics and so on . They are beautiful , but I can't understand the connotation in them . Let me see the handkerchiefs .
They are beautiful , but I can't understand the connotation in them . Let me see the handkerchiefs . All right . Chinese embroidery is one traditional art with elaborate design and high quality .
All right . Chinese embroidery is one traditional art with elaborate design and high quality . Oh , I like the bamboo design . What is this ?
Oh , I like the bamboo design . What is this ? This is a series of animals , called Chinese zodiac .
This is a series of animals , called Chinese zodiac . Good . So I will take three series and five bamboo ones .
Once you arrive at the American airport , please call me . OK , don ' t worry about it . I will .
I've got a temperature and my stomach hurts . How long have you been feeling this way ?
How long have you been feeling this way ? It all started the day before yesterday .
It all started the day before yesterday . You seem to have picked up some kind of infection .
You seem to have picked up some kind of infection . What should I do ?
May I help you ? Yes , do you have sweaters ?
Yes , do you have sweaters ? This way , please . How do you like this one ? It's made of cotton .
Mr . Johnson ' s office . Cindy speaking . Hi , Cindy . It ' s Michael Kurt . Is Mr . Johnson in ?
Hi , Cindy . It ' s Michael Kurt . Is Mr . Johnson in ? No , I ' m sorry , Mr . Kurt . He ' s stepped out for a bit . Would you like me to have him call you ?
Excuse me , did you see a set of keys ? What kind of keys ?
What kind of keys ? Five keys and a small foot ornament .
Five keys and a small foot ornament . What a shame ! I didn't see them .
What a shame ! I didn't see them . Well , can you help me look for it ? That's my first time here .
Well , can you help me look for it ? That's my first time here . Sure . It's my pleasure . I'd like to help you look for the missing keys .
Sure . It's my pleasure . I'd like to help you look for the missing keys . It's very kind of you .
It's very kind of you . It's not a big deal . Hey , I found them .
It's not a big deal . Hey , I found them . Oh , thank God ! I don't know how to thank you , guys .
Passport , please , madam . Just a minute , please . It's in my bag . Here it is .
Just a minute , please . It's in my bag . Here it is . Thank you . Please fill out the Baggage Declaration Form .
Thank you . Please fill out the Baggage Declaration Form . All right . Shall I enter all my belongings ?
There are so many record players here . That is hard to choose . Look at this one . It has a radio and cassette player and built in speakers .
Look at this one . It has a radio and cassette player and built in speakers . I'd rather get one with separated speakers . They give a clear sound .
I'd rather get one with separated speakers . They give a clear sound . Yes , but we shouldn't get any thing too big . Remember it has to fit in with our living room furniture .
Yes , but we shouldn't get any thing too big . Remember it has to fit in with our living room furniture . That's right . Now this one looks alright ? It's a detached or do you prefer this one ? It's Sony .
Why did you apply for the position ? I learned from your ad . That you will provide on-the-job training for new employees . This is just what I need , because I'm a recent college graduate . I have the necessary knowledge and skills but I lack experience .
I learned from your ad . That you will provide on-the-job training for new employees . This is just what I need , because I'm a recent college graduate . I have the necessary knowledge and skills but I lack experience . What do you hope to become ?
What do you hope to become ? I want to prove my true value in the electronic industry , and hopefully in the near future I would be promoted to a higher position .
How long will it take for our order to be delivered ? Let's see . You are importing fifty containers of textiles from China . They should be able to place your order before the end of next week . It will take 2 days for shipping to the port city of Ningpo . The freight will take 3 weeks on the open ocean and will arrive in Los Angeles approximately a month from today . Domestic shipping will be your responsibility , you can make arrangements with the pier in Los Angeles .
Let's see . You are importing fifty containers of textiles from China . They should be able to place your order before the end of next week . It will take 2 days for shipping to the port city of Ningpo . The freight will take 3 weeks on the open ocean and will arrive in Los Angeles approximately a month from today . Domestic shipping will be your responsibility , you can make arrangements with the pier in Los Angeles . Fine , we will handle domestic shipping , but what about customs ? Will we have to pay tariff on our imports ? I hope we don't run into any problems with the border control .
Are you ready to order , madam ? I'm on a diet . So I have to avoid food containing too much fat . Do you have vegetarian dishes ?
I'm on a diet . So I have to avoid food containing too much fat . Do you have vegetarian dishes ? Yes , We do have some choices for ladies like you . What about some green salad ?
Yes , We do have some choices for ladies like you . What about some green salad ? Does it taste good ?
Does it taste good ? Sure . It's a popular dish among young ladies .
Sure . It's a popular dish among young ladies . I think I'll try it .
I think I'll try it . We have three kinds of dressings for salad . Italian , French and Thousand Island . Which one would you like ?
We have three kinds of dressings for salad . Italian , French and Thousand Island . Which one would you like ? French , please .
French , please . OK . Do you want to order something else ?
Excuse me , do you have the latest issue of Newsworld ? Yes , this week's issue just came in . Here it is .
Yes , this week's issue just came in . Here it is . How about Music Madness ?
How about Music Madness ? Let me check ... yes , we got the October issue a few days ago . It's on that shelf over there .
Hello . Hot water overflowed from the bathtub . Will you help me ? Would you turn off the tap ?
Would you turn off the tap ? I did it .
I did it . Then will you put all the towels under the bathroom door ?
Then will you put all the towels under the bathroom door ? OK . I will .
OK . I will . I'll have our housekeeper come right away .
I'll have our housekeeper come right away . I'm sorry I was too tired to fall asleep .
I'm sorry I was too tired to fall asleep . When you woke up , the water was coming out of the tub .
Hello ! Is that Sue ?
Is that Sue ? Speaking .
Speaking . A . This is George .
Miss , would you like to try this free sample of our new suntan cream ? Sure , why not ?
Sure , why not ? This is a new product of company this year . It's oil-free .
This is a new product of company this year . It's oil-free . I see . It feels very light on the skin .
I see . It feels very light on the skin . It gives your skin a very natural healthy look .
Hello , is John in ? No , can I take a message ?
No , can I take a message ? No , I'll call back later .
Hello . Capital Hotel . May I help you ? Yes , unlikely my flight will be 2 hours due to the fog . Would you please keep my reservation ?
Yes , unlikely my flight will be 2 hours due to the fog . Would you please keep my reservation ? Sure . May I have your name please ?
I'll be on business for a couple of days , could you take care of your sister ? OK , Mum , when will you be back ?
Where is that ? Take me to the airport , please .
Take me to the airport , please . Are you in a hurry ?
Are you in a hurry ? I have to be there before 17 o'clock .
I have to be there before 17 o'clock . We'll make it except a jam . You know it's rush hour .
We'll make it except a jam . You know it's rush hour . There's an extra ten in it for you if you can get me there on time .
There's an extra ten in it for you if you can get me there on time . I'll do my best .
I'll do my best . Here's twenty dollars .
Here's twenty dollars . Do you have small bills ?
Do you have small bills ? No . If you can't break it , keep the change . But can you give me a receipt ?
Excuse me . Yes ?
Yes ? Can you tell me the way to the Peak Tram , please ?
Can you tell me the way to the Peak Tram , please ? Certainly . Go along Queen's Road ...
Certainly . Go along Queen's Road ... Along Queen's Road ...
Along Queen's Road ... Yes , and turn right at the Hilton Hotel .
Yes , and turn right at the Hilton Hotel . Right at the Hilton .
Right at the Hilton . Then go up Garden Road , past the Cathedral .
Then go up Garden Road , past the Cathedral . The Cathedral ?
The Cathedral ? Yes . Then cross the road at the next traffic lights . The Peak Tram is straight ahead . You can't miss it .
Yes . Then cross the road at the next traffic lights . The Peak Tram is straight ahead . You can't miss it . That's very kind of you . Thank you . Er ... have you got a pencil ?
That's very kind of you . Thank you . Er ... have you got a pencil ? Yes . Why ?
Thank you for purchasing your new mattress with us . No , thank you .
No , thank you . Would you like us to deliver the mattress for you , sir ?
Would you like us to deliver the mattress for you , sir ? That would be great .
That would be great . When do you want it delivered ?
When do you want it delivered ? I need it delivered tomorrow . Will that be possible ?
I need it delivered tomorrow . Will that be possible ? What time exactly ?
What time exactly ? I need it delivered at 12 o'clock .
I need it delivered at 12 o'clock . We can have it to you at that time .
We can have it to you at that time . That's not a problem ?
That's not a problem ? We will deliver your mattress tomorrow at 12 o'clock .
Recently I have been getting headache and my eyes don't seems to see focus properly . When did you last time have your eyes checked ?
When did you last time have your eyes checked ? Two years ago . At that time I had no problems . Now I can ' t even make out something ten meters away .
Two years ago . At that time I had no problems . Now I can ' t even make out something ten meters away . Come over here . I will test your eyes . First cover your left eye like this , and when I point , please read the chart from the top , and go as far as you can , telling me which way the " E " points .
Come over here . I will test your eyes . First cover your left eye like this , and when I point , please read the chart from the top , and go as far as you can , telling me which way the " E " points . All right .
All right . Good . Now the other eye .
Good . Now the other eye . Well , this one is worse .
Well , this one is worse . Never mind , just read as far as you can .
I'm so sorry about your brother , Mr . Wang . Thanks , Jane .
Do you have any seat preferences , sir ? Yes , could you put me in the no-smoking section ?
Yes , could you put me in the no-smoking section ? Yes . Would you like a window seat ?
Excuse me . My name is Dan Ford . I have an appointment with the dentist at 3:30 . Yes , Mr . Ford . The dentist will be ready to see you in a minute . Have a seat .
I'm glad these batteries are on sale . I'm sorry . These batteries are not on sale .
I'm sorry . These batteries are not on sale . But that's what the ad said .
But that's what the ad said . I'm sorry . If you look at the ad again , you'll see that the other brand is on sale .
I'm sorry . If you look at the ad again , you'll see that the other brand is on sale . Oh . You're right . I misread the ad .
Oh . You're right . I misread the ad . Yes , many people make that mistake .
Yes , many people make that mistake . Well , you can't blame them . It's a confusing ad .
Well , you can't blame them . It's a confusing ad . You're right . Many ads are like that .
You're right . Many ads are like that . Well , as long as I'm here .
Hi , John . Oh , hi , Mary , come on in . Any problem ?
Oh , hi , Mary , come on in . Any problem ? Oh , no problem .
Oh , no problem . Great . I forgot to ask you , though . How long did you want the place ?
Great . I forgot to ask you , though . How long did you want the place ? Six months .
Six months . Oh , well , that might be a problem . I usually only sign one year leases .
Oh , well , that might be a problem . I usually only sign one year leases . Well , one year would be fine , too . I ' m not planning on leaving the area anytime soon .
Well , one year would be fine , too . I ' m not planning on leaving the area anytime soon . Well , if it ' s not a problem . Then here you go .
Well , if it ' s not a problem . Then here you go . Just let me look at it quickly .
Just let me look at it quickly . Of course .
Of course . Looks like a standard lease .
Looks like a standard lease . Yeah , and don ' t worry about the security deposit . If everything ' s all right when you move out , you ' ll get it back .
Yeah , and don ' t worry about the security deposit . If everything ' s all right when you move out , you ' ll get it back . O . K . Great . Just sign and date it here ?
O . K . Great . Just sign and date it here ? Yes . Thanks . You can move your stuff in tomorrow .
Do you have any night tours ? Yes , we will depart in 10 minutes .
Yes , we will depart in 10 minutes . Is that a guided tour ?
Is that a guided tour ? Yes , it is .
Excuse me , but can I draw on my account for payment of things I buy in China ? Certainly , sir . How much do you draw ?
Certainly , sir . How much do you draw ? RIB 8,000 , please . Would you please tell me my balance ?
What do you think of this dress ? Do you think it suits me ? Sure . Why don ' t you try it on ? The fitting room is over there .
Sure . Why don ' t you try it on ? The fitting room is over there . It ' s just the right size-a perfect fit ! Have you seen anything you like ?
It ' s just the right size-a perfect fit ! Have you seen anything you like ? I ' m thinking about buying this sweater . I know it ' s June now , but it will be perfect for autumn and winter .
I ' m thinking about buying this sweater . I know it ' s June now , but it will be perfect for autumn and winter . It looks too big for you , but I like the color and the material is good quality . Is it on sale ?
It looks too big for you , but I like the color and the material is good quality . Is it on sale ? Yes , it ' s half price . It ' s supposed to be too large--that ' s the fashion .
Yes , it ' s half price . It ' s supposed to be too large--that ' s the fashion . I might get one too , but in a different color . I prefer light blue to white .
I might get one too , but in a different color . I prefer light blue to white . There . It looks great , don ' t you think ? I ' m going to get these jeans as well . I need a new pair . I ' m also going to buy this scarf ready for winter .
There . It looks great , don ' t you think ? I ' m going to get these jeans as well . I need a new pair . I ' m also going to buy this scarf ready for winter . I ' m getting this beret ? Doesn ' t it look cool ? I ' d like to get some jeans too , but I don ' t have enough cash on me .
I ' m getting this beret ? Doesn ' t it look cool ? I ' d like to get some jeans too , but I don ' t have enough cash on me . Don ' t worry . I ' Ve got my credit card . You can pay me back later .
We hope that there will be no repetition of this kind of trouble in the future . Yes . I promise it will not happen again .
Yes . I promise it will not happen again . We look forward to your settlement at an early date .
Could you give me an expense report ? I would like to attach the invoices for my phone bill this season . Here you are . Do you need glue ?
Here you are . Do you need glue ? That is very kind of you . I ' m just running out of glue .
Tom . Please do not disturb me for the next hour . Are you having a meeting ?
Are you having a meeting ? Yes , and I don't want to be interrupted .
Excuse me , you look lost . Can I help you ? Oh , Thank you . I'm looking for the train station .
Oh , Thank you . I'm looking for the train station . Right . Let me see . You go straight down here and turn right .
Right . Let me see . You go straight down here and turn right . Right ? OK , got it .
Right ? OK , got it . Then take the next left then the next right . Are you with me ?
I'd like a double room . Do you have a reservation ?
Do you have a reservation ? Yes , I called you last week from New York . My name is George Lee .
Yes , I called you last week from New York . My name is George Lee . Wait a second , PLS . Yes , Mr . Lee , we have a room reserved for you . How long do you plan to stay ?
Wait a second , PLS . Yes , Mr . Lee , we have a room reserved for you . How long do you plan to stay ? Probably two days . My wife will join me tomorrow . Then we will decide when to leave for Seattle .
Probably two days . My wife will join me tomorrow . Then we will decide when to leave for Seattle . Would you sign the register , PLS ?
Would you sign the register , PLS ? By the way , does my room have a private bath ?
By the way , does my room have a private bath ? Certainly , every room in this hotel has a private bath .
Certainly , every room in this hotel has a private bath . Does my room have twin beds or a double ? I prefer a room with twin beds .
Does my room have twin beds or a double ? I prefer a room with twin beds . Your room has twin beds , Mr . Lee . It also has a view . I am sure you will like it . This is your key . It's on the eighth floor room 801 . The elevator's over there .
Your room has twin beds , Mr . Lee . It also has a view . I am sure you will like it . This is your key . It's on the eighth floor room 801 . The elevator's over there . Thank you . One more thing , where is your restaurant ?
Thank you . One more thing , where is your restaurant ? The restaurant is on the second floor . We also have a cafeteria on the top floor . If you would like something to drink , you can either call room service or come down here . The bar is right behind the lobby .
The restaurant is on the second floor . We also have a cafeteria on the top floor . If you would like something to drink , you can either call room service or come down here . The bar is right behind the lobby . Thank you , you are very kind !
There are so many eating utensils on the table . Which ones do I use first ? Use them from the outside in .
Use them from the outside in . I see . A set for appetizers and another for the main course .
I see . A set for appetizers and another for the main course . Right . We do the same thing at home . Don't you remember ?
Right . We do the same thing at home . Don't you remember ? Oh yeah . The big napkin goes on my lap .
Oh yeah . The big napkin goes on my lap . Let's look at our menus .
Let's look at our menus . Cindy , help me order because I'm still not very familiar with American cooking .
Yes , ma'am , how could I help you ? I am wondering if you do facial care ?
I am wondering if you do facial care ? Yes , we do .
Yes , we do . How much would it be ?
How much would it be ? From 200 to 800 .
From 200 to 800 . I'm afraid 800 is too expensive for me . Could you recommend something around 300 ?
I want to go try on these clothes . What did you find ?
What did you find ? I found some jeans , and a new blouse .
I found some jeans , and a new blouse . Go and try it on .
Go and try it on . What do you think ?
What do you think ? I love that shirt on you .
I love that shirt on you . What about the jeans ?
What about the jeans ? They don't really fit you right .
They don't really fit you right . I don't think so either .
I don't think so either . That blouse is absolutely wonderful on you though .
That blouse is absolutely wonderful on you though . Well , I'll just buy the shirt .
Yes , sir ? Can I have Mr . J . Smith paged ? He said he'd be in the main dining room . I'm Mr . J . B . White .
Can I have Mr . J . Smith paged ? He said he'd be in the main dining room . I'm Mr . J . B . White . Who would you like to have paged again , sir ?
Who would you like to have paged again , sir ? Mr . J . Smith .
Mr . J . Smith . Where would you like him to come ?
Where would you like him to come ? To the front desk .
I haven't told you what happened yet , have I ? I haven't heard anything .
I haven't heard anything . My boss offered me a promotion , and I took it .
My boss offered me a promotion , and I took it . Are you serious ?
Are you serious ? Yes , I am really excited .
Yes , I am really excited . That's great . Congratulations .
That's great . Congratulations . I appreciate that .
I appreciate that . You have no idea how happy I am for you .
You have no idea how happy I am for you . For real ?
Excuse me , waiter , would you please bring us a nest ? A friend of mine will join us . Wait a moment . Here you are .
Wait a moment . Here you are . By the way , we would like to order some dishes for my friend .
What's our target audience for this campaign ? This go-around we're focusing on new moms , families with median income and one or more children under the age of two .
This go-around we're focusing on new moms , families with median income and one or more children under the age of two . Do you think that's much different from the succor moms we tailored the last campaign for ?
Do you think that's much different from the succor moms we tailored the last campaign for ? Well , there are some similarities that come up . Because both groups are made up of mothers ... so as before , we can play up on maternal instincts , hygiene , safety , along those lines . But that being said , there are some specific differences that come into play because we are dealing with mothers of infants here .
Well , there are some similarities that come up . Because both groups are made up of mothers ... so as before , we can play up on maternal instincts , hygiene , safety , along those lines . But that being said , there are some specific differences that come into play because we are dealing with mothers of infants here . Right , that makes sense . What's the average age ?
Taxi ! Yes , sir . Where to ?
Yes , sir . Where to ? Wangfujing , please !
Wangfujing , please ! All right .
All right . Oh , I like the music on your radio . It's nice .
Oh , I like the music on your radio . It's nice . Thank you ! I always tune to this program when driving . So what's your favorite program ?
Thank you ! I always tune to this program when driving . So what's your favorite program ? I like Winner's English very mush . You know the Beijing Olympic Games is right around the corner . We should learn English Well . It's on FM 96 . 6 , China Business Radio . You can get it on your radio too .
I like Winner's English very mush . You know the Beijing Olympic Games is right around the corner . We should learn English Well . It's on FM 96 . 6 , China Business Radio . You can get it on your radio too . But I don't speak English at all .
But I don't speak English at all . That's OK . The program is especially for the beginners like us .
That's OK . The program is especially for the beginners like us . Really ? When is it on ?
Really ? When is it on ? It begins at 6:40 every morning , and it goes for 20 minutes .
It begins at 6:40 every morning , and it goes for 20 minutes . Thank you so much . I'll try and catch that .
Thank you so much . I'll try and catch that . The radio has brought us lots of convenience .
The radio has brought us lots of convenience . Yes , I can also learn about the traffic condition through it .
Yes , I can also learn about the traffic condition through it . With the development of the society and technology , radio is nearly everywhere .
How long does it take to get to downtown from here ? It is 15 minutes ' drive .
It is 15 minutes ' drive . What companies do we have in our neighborhood ?
What companies do we have in our neighborhood ? Mitsubishi , HP , IBM and many other famous corporations .
Mitsubishi , HP , IBM and many other famous corporations . Does the 7th floor belong to our company too ?
Does the 7th floor belong to our company too ? Yes , our company has two floors , the 6th and 7th floor in this building .
Yes , our company has two floors , the 6th and 7th floor in this building . It ' s such a large firm . Do we have our own staff restaurant ?
Hello , China Southern Airlines . Can I help you ? Yes , could I make a reservation to New York on July 21st , next Friday ?
Yes , could I make a reservation to New York on July 21st , next Friday ? Sorry , there is no flight available on July 21st .
Sorry , there is no flight available on July 21st . That's too bad . What's the earliest flight available ?
That's too bad . What's the earliest flight available ? I can give you a reservation on flight No CZ 387 on July 22nd .
I can give you a reservation on flight No CZ 387 on July 22nd . What about the fight schedule ?
What about the fight schedule ? It departs at 12:10 and arrives at 15:10 next day .
It departs at 12:10 and arrives at 15:10 next day . Is it a non-stop flight ?
Is it a non-stop flight ? Yes .
Yes . Sounds good . I'd like to take this flight .
Sounds good . I'd like to take this flight . Would you prefer first class or economy class ?
Would you prefer first class or economy class ? Economy class .
Economy class . And your name , please ?
And your name , please ? Edward Smith .
Edward Smith . Mr . Smith , you can get things fixed through our agencies in Guangzhou . Do remember to bring your passport with you .
Mr . Smith , you can get things fixed through our agencies in Guangzhou . Do remember to bring your passport with you . Yes , many thanks . Goodbye .
May I help you , madam ? Yes . I ' m trying to find a pair of earrings to match my necklace . Can you recommend some to me ?
Yes . I ' m trying to find a pair of earrings to match my necklace . Can you recommend some to me ? Yes . Your gold necklace has a diamond pendant , and your eardrops should be
Yes . Your gold necklace has a diamond pendant , and your eardrops should be These look wonderful . Do these come with a guarantee of quality ?
These look wonderful . Do these come with a guarantee of quality ? Of course . If there is anything wrong with them , you can come back and show me the guarantee of quality , and then you will surely get free service .
Hi , I need to make an appointment to see the doctor . What seems to be the problem ?
What seems to be the problem ? I have a rash that I need a doctor to look at .
I have a rash that I need a doctor to look at . Do you have a fever with that rash ?
Do you have a fever with that rash ? No , it just itches a lot .
No , it just itches a lot . I have openings on Tuesday or Wednesday . Which would be best for you ?
I have openings on Tuesday or Wednesday . Which would be best for you ? I need an appointment on Tuesday .
I need an appointment on Tuesday . Fine , I am putting you down for 9
Fine , I am putting you down for 9 I would like to see Dr . Jones .
Good morning . sir . My name is Liu Peng from Tsinghai University . I am here for the interview relating to my visa application . Glad to meet you . Would you mind if I ask you some questions ?
Glad to meet you . Would you mind if I ask you some questions ? Of course not .
Of course not . Why do you want to go to the US ?
Why do you want to go to the US ? I'd like to have further education . Now I am studying for my doctorate .
I'd like to have further education . Now I am studying for my doctorate . Will you get any kind of scholarship ?
Hey ! What happened ? ! My song was only half way through and it skipped to the next song . I don't know what happened !
I don't know what happened ! You cancelled the song , didn't you , Jack ?
You cancelled the song , didn't you , Jack ? No , I didn't . Really !
Where can I get my baggage ? Are you from a domestic flight or an international one ?
Are you from a domestic flight or an international one ? An international one from Seattle .
An international one from Seattle . In that case , you should go to the baggage hall over there .
Good morning ! Can I speak to Miss Cooper please ?
Can I speak to Miss Cooper please ? Would you hold on a second , please ? Miss Cooper's extension is engaged .
Would you hold on a second , please ? Miss Cooper's extension is engaged . Engaged . Oh , dear ! Could you tell her it's a long-distance call ?
Engaged . Oh , dear ! Could you tell her it's a long-distance call ? I'm sorry , sir . I can't interrupt her . I'm sure she won't be very long .
I'm sorry , sir . I can't interrupt her . I'm sure she won't be very long . How long do you think she'll be ?
How long do you think she'll be ? I really can't say how long she'll be .
I really can't say how long she'll be . Can I leave a message , please ?
Can I leave a message , please ? Yes , certainly .
Yes , certainly . Can you tell her I'm waiting to speak to her ?
Can you tell her I'm waiting to speak to her ? Yes , sir . I'll ring her on an inside line if you like .
What can I do for you ? I need some medicine .
I need some medicine . For whom ?
For whom ? My wife . She suffers from a bad cold .
My wife . She suffers from a bad cold . What symptoms does she have ?
What symptoms does she have ? Fever and a bad cough .
Fever and a bad cough . I see . Don't worry , just a common cold .
I see . Don't worry , just a common cold . What kind of medicine does she need ?
What kind of medicine does she need ? Patulin will be enough .
Patulin will be enough . How many pills for each time ?
How many pills for each time ? Nine pills per day , and three pills after each meal .
Nine pills per day , and three pills after each meal . Thank you very much .
Hello . This is the Holiday Inn . Can I help you ? Hi . Is there a special rate for a group reservation ?
Hi . Is there a special rate for a group reservation ? Yes . There is a 20 % to 40 % discount . It depends on the season . During the summer the discount is 20 % . During the winter it is 40 % .
Yes . There is a 20 % to 40 % discount . It depends on the season . During the summer the discount is 20 % . During the winter it is 40 % . I need five single rooms in October . How much of a discount can I get ?
I need five single rooms in October . How much of a discount can I get ? Our summer season ended in September . So the discount will be 40 % . That ' s a good deal . Would you prefer rooms with a front view or rear view ?
Our summer season ended in September . So the discount will be 40 % . That ' s a good deal . Would you prefer rooms with a front view or rear view ? Front view , please .
Front view , please . What date and time will you be checking in ?
What date and time will you be checking in ? October 25th around 2:00 in the afternoon .
October 25th around 2:00 in the afternoon . We need you to send a deposit for 1/3 of the bill . You can send the check , or you can use the credit card .
We need you to send a deposit for 1/3 of the bill . You can send the check , or you can use the credit card . Ok . I ' ll send a check .
Ok . I ' ll send a check . Could you tell me your name , address and phone number , please ?
Could you tell me your name , address and phone number , please ? Sure . My name is Anderson . My address is 109 Ferguson East , Holton . And my phone number is 309 789 1267 .
May I help you ? Yes , I would like to exchange some money .
Yes , I would like to exchange some money . what currency would you like to trade in ?
what currency would you like to trade in ? I would like to exchange Chinese RIB for American dollars . Do you accept $ 100 bills ?
I would like to exchange Chinese RIB for American dollars . Do you accept $ 100 bills ? No problem , we can accept any denomination . How much would you like to exchange today ?
No problem , we can accept any denomination . How much would you like to exchange today ? Well , that depends on the rate . How much is the RIB trading at today ?
Well , that depends on the rate . How much is the RIB trading at today ? It's a shame you didn't come a little earlier , the exchange rate was reset yesterday afternoon . The American dollar is now worth 7 . 45RMB . If you would like to sell RIB , we can give you a rate of 7 . 35 . Will that be all right ?
Hello , this is Lucy . May I speak to Mr . Smith ? Oh , hello , Lucy . What's up ?
Oh , hello , Lucy . What's up ? I'm afraid I can't come to work today , Mr . Smith .
I'm afraid I can't come to work today , Mr . Smith . Oh , what's wrong with you ?
Oh , what's wrong with you ? I've got a fever and a very sore throat .
I've got a fever and a very sore throat . Well , you sound ill over the phone .
Well , you sound ill over the phone . Yes . I have to stay in bed today , but I'll be able to come tomorrow .
Yes . I have to stay in bed today , but I'll be able to come tomorrow . That's all right . Have a good rest until you feel well enough .
That's all right . Have a good rest until you feel well enough . Thank you , Mr . Smith . Goodbye .
You really need to look at some of the problems we are having with the apartment . That apartment never had any problems before . Are you sure the problem isn ' t you ?
That apartment never had any problems before . Are you sure the problem isn ' t you ? We spoke with you the first week we moved in about things that you promised to fix .
We spoke with you the first week we moved in about things that you promised to fix . Where do you think you have problems ?
Where do you think you have problems ? There is no hot water , the bedroom has a broken window , and there are rats in the kitchen .
There is no hot water , the bedroom has a broken window , and there are rats in the kitchen . You know , no one else who has been in that apartment has had a problem before .
You know , no one else who has been in that apartment has had a problem before . You are obligated to maintain your building and my apartment .
You are obligated to maintain your building and my apartment . I will fix these problems when I get around to it .
I will fix these problems when I get around to it . I will be withholding my rent check this Friday unless these problems are addressed immediately .
Hi , do you have any tickets for the show tonight ? Sorry , it ' s all sold out .
Sorry , it ' s all sold out . Well , do you have any for tomorrow ?
Well , do you have any for tomorrow ? We have tickets for the matinee . It starts at 3p . m .
We have tickets for the matinee . It starts at 3p . m . Ok . I ' ll take it .
Ok . I ' ll take it . Where would you like to sit ?
Where would you like to sit ? Do you have anything in the middle section ? I want a good view , but sitting too close hurts my eyes .
Give me a pack of first-class stamps , please . Here you are . That will be five dollars . Anything else ?
Here you are . That will be five dollars . Anything else ? Yes . I want some post cards and some airmail stamps . I want to send some letters to South America .
Yes . I want some post cards and some airmail stamps . I want to send some letters to South America . Just a moment , I'll look up the rate for air-mail letters to South America .
Just a moment , I'll look up the rate for air-mail letters to South America . Can you tell me how much it will cost to send a package to Colombia ? Also , I what to know how long it will take .
Can you tell me how much it will cost to send a package to Colombia ? Also , I what to know how long it will take . Do you have the package with you ? I would have to weigh it to see how much it would cost .
Do you have the package with you ? I would have to weigh it to see how much it would cost . Do you insure package ?
Do you insure package ? Yes . All you have to do declare the value of the package and decide how much you want to insure it for .
Yes . All you have to do declare the value of the package and decide how much you want to insure it for . Is there a way that I can be sure that the people in South america receive my package ?
Is there a way that I can be sure that the people in South america receive my package ? The post office rarely loses package . You can , however , request a rectum receipt .
The post office rarely loses package . You can , however , request a rectum receipt . One last question-what are your hours ?
One last question-what are your hours ? We open at eight-thirty in the morning and close at five-thirty in the afternoon .
Hi , Sally ! You are talking to the proud father of a new baby girl ! Congratulations , Bob ! That ' s great news , what ' s her name ?
Congratulations , Bob ! That ' s great news , what ' s her name ? We ' Ve named her Alice after my wife ' s grandmother .
Marry Lin's Office , this is Linda . Linda , this is David Wang .
Linda , this is David Wang . Hi , Mr . Wang , what can I help you with ?
Hi , Mr . Wang , what can I help you with ? I need to talk with Marry .
I need to talk with Marry . Certainly , hold on .
Here ' s my passport . I'm a visiting scholar . Do you have anything to declare ?
Do you have anything to declare ? No , these are all my personal effects .
No , these are all my personal effects . What's in the bag ? Would you mind opening the bag ?
What's in the bag ? Would you mind opening the bag ? Not at all . I don't know what's dutiable . Do I have to pay duty on things for my own use ?
Not at all . I don't know what's dutiable . Do I have to pay duty on things for my own use ? NO . You don't have to pay duty on personal belongings .
Is there anything I can do for you ? I'm interested in taking a tour to Sydney .
I'm interested in taking a tour to Sydney . Well , we have a package tour there .
Well , we have a package tour there . How much does it cost ?
How much does it cost ? $ 600 .
$ 600 . Does that include the insurance ?
We have achieved great success last year . The most important is that we realize our strength lies in after-sale service . Your achievement is obvious to all .
Your achievement is obvious to all . What we will do is to strengthen it .
Mary , can you tell me how you keep in shape ? You'll never be in shape until you eat less and take more exercise .
You'll never be in shape until you eat less and take more exercise . Now , tell me what you often eat .
Now , tell me what you often eat . I often eat fish and eggs .
I often eat fish and eggs . Do you eat a lot of vegetables ?
Do you eat a lot of vegetables ? Oh yes , and fruits . I love fruits very much .
Oh yes , and fruits . I love fruits very much . What do you like to drink ?
What do you like to drink ? Well , I never drink alcohol , coffee or tea .
Well , I never drink alcohol , coffee or tea . Whatever would you like to drink ?
Whatever would you like to drink ? I drink a lot of milk . I drink milk almost every day .
I drink a lot of milk . I drink milk almost every day . How often do you exercise ?
How often do you exercise ? Well , I walk every day .
Well , I walk every day . It's a good diet and a regular exercise .
Where are you feeling the pain ? I can ' t stand up ! My stomach is killing me !
I can ' t stand up ! My stomach is killing me ! Can you put your hand where it hurts the most ?
Can you put your hand where it hurts the most ? It hurts smack in the middle of my gut !
It hurts smack in the middle of my gut ! Did this just come on suddenly ?
Did this just come on suddenly ? I felt OK until an hour or so ago , and then I just doubled over .
I felt OK until an hour or so ago , and then I just doubled over . Have you exercised strenuously or played sports recently ?
Have you exercised strenuously or played sports recently ? No , and I don ' t usually get a lot of stomachaches .
No , and I don ' t usually get a lot of stomachaches . We need to get you to an emergency room to see what the problem is .
Have you brought the receipt with you ? No , I don't . I left it home .
No , I don't . I left it home . Sorry , but we can't do anything without the receipt . Come back with it .
Sorry , but we can't do anything without the receipt . Come back with it . I didn't know . I'll go to get it . How late will you be open ?
Excuse me , sir . Are there only 3 programs in your hotel ? Of course not . We have 50 channels in all .
Of course not . We have 50 channels in all . Well . I am afraid it must be my fault . Can you send someone here to help me ?
So , how should we get to the theatre ? Let's take the bus .
Let's take the bus . I hate the bus system in London ! The bus drivers are rude , the buses are never on time , and there are few people around who can help you .
I hate the bus system in London ! The bus drivers are rude , the buses are never on time , and there are few people around who can help you . It's not that bad . You probably just had a bad experience once .
It's not that bad . You probably just had a bad experience once . It wasn't just once . Every single time I take the bus , something bad happens to me or to someone else on the bus .
It wasn't just once . Every single time I take the bus , something bad happens to me or to someone else on the bus . We could take the subway , but we'd have to go three stops along one line and then change trains twice .
We could take the subway , but we'd have to go three stops along one line and then change trains twice . Train fares are twice as expensive as the bus fare , too .
Train fares are twice as expensive as the bus fare , too . If we don't hurry up , we'll miss the show . Should we take the bus ?
If we don't hurry up , we'll miss the show . Should we take the bus ? We're already late , so I think we had better take a taxi .
We're already late , so I think we had better take a taxi . I don't think we'll be able to find a taxi very easily during hush hours . Let's just take the bus .
I don't think we'll be able to find a taxi very easily during hush hours . Let's just take the bus . Fine . Have a look at the timetable to find out when the next one arrives .
Fine . Have a look at the timetable to find out when the next one arrives . It looks like it should be here in just a few minutes . don't worry . Nothing bad will happen . I'll even buy your ticket for you .
It looks like it should be here in just a few minutes . don't worry . Nothing bad will happen . I'll even buy your ticket for you . Thanks , that was nice of you .
The bathroom looks lovely . Did you redecorate it yourself or did you get someone in to do it for you ? I did it myself . I went online and found a lot of website devoted to home improvement . Then I went to DIY shop and bought everything I needed . I ' m sure I saved a lot of money by doing it myself and it was fun too . I learnt a lot by doing it myself .
I did it myself . I went online and found a lot of website devoted to home improvement . Then I went to DIY shop and bought everything I needed . I ' m sure I saved a lot of money by doing it myself and it was fun too . I learnt a lot by doing it myself . So , let ' s see . You have put new tiles on the floor and replaced a few tiles on the walls . You ' Ve also added a small cupboard for toiletries . The bath , shower , and washbasin are the same as before , aren ' t they ?
So , let ' s see . You have put new tiles on the floor and replaced a few tiles on the walls . You ' Ve also added a small cupboard for toiletries . The bath , shower , and washbasin are the same as before , aren ' t they ? Yes , they are . I gave them a good clean . They are in good condition and don ' t need to be replaced .
Yes , they are . I gave them a good clean . They are in good condition and don ' t need to be replaced . How long did it take you to do the tiling .
How long did it take you to do the tiling . As I hadn ' t done it before , I had to keep referring to income 3ation I got from the internet . Doing the floor tiles took a whole day-from early morning to right through to the evening . Then I spent a few hours replacing the cracked wall tiles . Putting the cupboard up took about an hour , so it took me two days altogether .
As I hadn ' t done it before , I had to keep referring to income 3ation I got from the internet . Doing the floor tiles took a whole day-from early morning to right through to the evening . Then I spent a few hours replacing the cracked wall tiles . Putting the cupboard up took about an hour , so it took me two days altogether . I think you ' Ve done a very good job . As least as good as a professional would do . Perhaps I can convince you to redo my bathroom ?
Are you ready to go shopping ? Just a minute . I need to make a list of thinks that we need .
Just a minute . I need to make a list of thinks that we need . Good idea . Have you written down potatoes , carrots , and onions ?
Good idea . Have you written down potatoes , carrots , and onions ? I don ' t have onions on my list . I ' ll add them . We should get some tea . Is green tea ok or should we get the same tea that we usually get ?
I don ' t have onions on my list . I ' ll add them . We should get some tea . Is green tea ok or should we get the same tea that we usually get ? Let ' s get both . We need some coffee too . Is that on your list ?
Let ' s get both . We need some coffee too . Is that on your list ? Yes , it is . Here ' s my list . Is there anything that I ' Ve forgotten ?
Yes , it is . Here ' s my list . Is there anything that I ' Ve forgotten ? I think you ' Ve got everything . I want to got some chocolate and some cheese .
I think you ' Ve got everything . I want to got some chocolate and some cheese . What kind of cheese do you want .
What kind of cheese do you want . I ' m not sure . I ' ll decide at the cheese counter , when I can see what they have . Have we got enough money ?
I ' m not sure . I ' ll decide at the cheese counter , when I can see what they have . Have we got enough money ? We don ' t have enough cash , so I ' ll take my credit card and we can pay with that . Where are the car keys ?
Nice to meet you , sir . I come from New Times Clothes Company . We learnt that your exhibits on the Trade Fair in Shanghai this month were marvelous . Would you please quote the price ? Before we discuss the price , may I ask you what kind of exhibits you are interested in ?
Before we discuss the price , may I ask you what kind of exhibits you are interested in ? Your summer clothes for white-collar and men's jackets .
Your summer clothes for white-collar and men's jackets . Can you give us a rough idea of the quantity you require ? It is generally known that the price varies according to the quantity .
Can you give us a rough idea of the quantity you require ? It is generally known that the price varies according to the quantity . That is to say , 10000 sets for the one of white-collar and 5000 for men's jackets .
That is to say , 10000 sets for the one of white-collar and 5000 for men's jackets . In that case , our offer for the white-collar series is US $ 200 , and the other is US $ 300 per set .
In that case , our offer for the white-collar series is US $ 200 , and the other is US $ 300 per set . Do you quote CIF or FOB ?
Do you quote CIF or FOB ? We usually quote on a CIF basis and a commission of five percent for you . You will find our price is most competitive .
We usually quote on a CIF basis and a commission of five percent for you . You will find our price is most competitive . What are your terms of payment ?
What are your terms of payment ? Letter of credit at sight .
Letter of credit at sight . Another question . Could you tell me the earliest possible time of shipment ?
Another question . Could you tell me the earliest possible time of shipment ? Within a month after your letter of credit reaches us .
Within a month after your letter of credit reaches us . Well , I got all the point . All the decision will be made since I get the approval from my supervisor .
Let's go to the animal shelter . What do you want to do ?
What do you want to do ? I want to get a puppy for my son .
I want to get a puppy for my son . That will make him so happy .
That will make him so happy . I'll get him one of those little dogs .
I'll get him one of those little dogs . One that won't grow up too big .
One that won't grow up too big . And eat too much .
And eat too much . Do you know which one he would like ?
Do you know which one he would like ? Oh , yes , I took him there yesterday . He showed me one that he really liked .
Oh , yes , I took him there yesterday . He showed me one that he really liked . I bet you had to drag him away .
I bet you had to drag him away . He wanted to take it home yesterday .
Didn't you say your friend was American ? Where is she going on her honeymoon ? They're going skiing in Colorado .
They're going skiing in Colorado . What a coincidence ! These pajamas would be perfect to take along on the honeymoon !
Would you mind if I ask some personal questions ? No . I don ' t . Please .
No . I don ' t . Please . Are you in robust health ?
Do you work well under pressure ? Working under pressure is exciting and challenging . I don ' t mind working under pressure . I work well under that circumstance . People can , I can .
Working under pressure is exciting and challenging . I don ' t mind working under pressure . I work well under that circumstance . People can , I can . Do you have any particular conditions that you would like the company to take into consideration ?
Do you have any particular conditions that you would like the company to take into consideration ? No , nothing in particular .
No , nothing in particular . How soon can you begin working for us ?
Are you ready to order ? May I suggest a veal ? No , I'll have the fish please .
No , I'll have the fish please . The chicken is also nice .
The chicken is also nice . No , I want the fish .
No , I want the fish . Our special tonight is lobster .
Our special tonight is lobster . Thank you , but I prefer the fish .
Thank you , but I prefer the fish . Perhaps you'd enjoy the lamb .
Perhaps you'd enjoy the lamb . No , I like the fish .
Hi ! Is that the new laptop you brought last week ? It looks very nice . Yes , it is . Thanks . I ' m just surfing on the internet .
Yes , it is . Thanks . I ' m just surfing on the internet . Here ? In this cafe ? How can you do that ?
Here ? In this cafe ? How can you do that ? This cafe offers a wireless internet connection . That means I can get on the net for free while I ' m here . Of course , I have to buy a cup of coffee !
This cafe offers a wireless internet connection . That means I can get on the net for free while I ' m here . Of course , I have to buy a cup of coffee ! That ' s great . Can you do it anywhere ?
That ' s great . Can you do it anywhere ? No . you can only do it when the cafe offers a wireless connection . There are only about 10 or 12 places that offer it in this city .
No . you can only do it when the cafe offers a wireless connection . There are only about 10 or 12 places that offer it in this city . So , what programs do you have on your laptop ?
So , what programs do you have on your laptop ? I ' Ve got all the usual ones for word processing and then I have a few for creating and editing photographs .
I ' Ve got all the usual ones for word processing and then I have a few for creating and editing photographs . I know you are keen on photography . It ' s very useful for you to be able to download photos from your digital camera . Then you attach the picture files to emails and send them to anyone , anywhere , at a
We have three dressings for salad . Which one would you like ? What kind do you have ?
What kind do you have ? We have Italian , French and Thousand Island .
Hi , my name is Sovia . What ' s your name ? My name is Jeff .
My name is Jeff . What do you do ?
What do you do ? I ' m a podiatrist . What about you ?
I ' m a podiatrist . What about you ? I ' m a nurse . What do you do in your free time ?
I ' m a nurse . What do you do in your free time ? I like to play piano , go bowling and chat with my friends . And you ?
I like to play piano , go bowling and chat with my friends . And you ? I like to hang out with my friends , play games and go swimming .
I like to hang out with my friends , play games and go swimming . Would you like to go out some time ?
Would you like to go out some time ? Sure , that ' d be great . Where would you like to go ?
Sure , that ' d be great . Where would you like to go ? Anywhere with you .
Hello . Where are you headed today ? I'm off to Barcelona for a week .
I'm off to Barcelona for a week . Do you have your passport with you ?
Do you have your passport with you ? Yes , here you go . I don't need a visa to go to Spain , do I ?
Yes , here you go . I don't need a visa to go to Spain , do I ? Fortunately for you , you don't . Next time , if you have any questions about visas , you should try to find out before you get to the airport .
Fortunately for you , you don't . Next time , if you have any questions about visas , you should try to find out before you get to the airport . That's good advice .
That's good advice . Would you like a window seat or an aisle seat ?
Would you like a window seat or an aisle seat ? Are there any seats available by the emergency exits ?
Are there any seats available by the emergency exits ? Let me see here ... yes , there's one left .
Let me see here ... yes , there's one left . Ok . I'll take that one then .
Ok . I'll take that one then . Alright . How many pieces of luggage are you checking in ?
Alright . How many pieces of luggage are you checking in ? I like to travel light so I just have this one .
I like to travel light so I just have this one . If that's your only piece of luggage , it is small enough to carry on with you . Would you like to do that so you don't have to wait in luggage reclaim once you arrive ?
If that's your only piece of luggage , it is small enough to carry on with you . Would you like to do that so you don't have to wait in luggage reclaim once you arrive ? Yes , please . That's a fantastic idea . Which gate do I need to go to ?
What kind of character do you think you have ? Generally speaking , l am an open-minded person .
Generally speaking , l am an open-minded person . What is your strongest trait ?
What is your strongest trait ? Cheerfulness and friendliness .
Cheerfulness and friendliness . How would your friends or colleagues describe you ?
How would your friends or colleagues describe you ? They say Mr . Sun is a friendly , sensitive , caring and determined person .
They say Mr . Sun is a friendly , sensitive , caring and determined person . What personality do you admire ?
What personality do you admire ? I admire a person who is honest , flexible and easy-going .
I admire a person who is honest , flexible and easy-going . How do you get along with others ?
Hey Joe , what are you doing in this department store ? Hi , Rita , I'm just looking for a pair of shoes . I won't be here for long .
Hi , Rita , I'm just looking for a pair of shoes . I won't be here for long . Why not ? When I go shoe shopping , I have so many options for sneakers that I spend awhile looking at all of the choices .
Why not ? When I go shoe shopping , I have so many options for sneakers that I spend awhile looking at all of the choices . That's my problem . I don't have a lot of options .
That's my problem . I don't have a lot of options . What do you mean ? This is a big store , isn't it ?
What do you mean ? This is a big store , isn't it ? Yes , but I have unusually big feet . That wouldn't be too much of a problem except that they're also very wide , and only a few brands sell shoes that I can fit into .
Yes , but I have unusually big feet . That wouldn't be too much of a problem except that they're also very wide , and only a few brands sell shoes that I can fit into . So how do you usually go about buying shoes , then ?
So how do you usually go about buying shoes , then ? Well , first of all , I can only go to certain stores that can guarantee me a large selection .
Well , first of all , I can only go to certain stores that can guarantee me a large selection . Well , you're in the right store . If they don't have it , no one will .
I have been thinking of buying a house and would like to speak with you . I have time to speak with you . Where would you like to purchase your house ?
I have time to speak with you . Where would you like to purchase your house ? I am most interested in Pasadena or Arcadia , but would be open to other suggestions .
I am most interested in Pasadena or Arcadia , but would be open to other suggestions . How many bedrooms and bathrooms do you need ?
How many bedrooms and bathrooms do you need ? We have several generations of family living in our household and so need a very large home .
We have several generations of family living in our household and so need a very large home . Do you need to be located in a particular school district ?
Do you need to be located in a particular school district ? It doesn ' t matter , as we do not have any children .
It doesn ' t matter , as we do not have any children . Is a view important to you , or would you rather be located on a lakeshore lot ?
Is a view important to you , or would you rather be located on a lakeshore lot ? In a perfect world , we would like a home with a view of the lake .
That's the warehouse where the large items of office equipment are stored . If I ordered a desk today , how would it be before I got delivery in Scotland ?
Welcome on board . May I see your boarding pass ? Here you are .
Here you are . Your seat is three , in the third row , near the window .
Your seat is three , in the third row , near the window . Thank you . Where can I put my suitcase ?
Thank you . Where can I put my suitcase ? Either in the overhead compartment or underneath the seat .
Excuse me . This bus goes downtown , doesn't it ? Yes . Where do you want to go ?
Yes . Where do you want to go ? The Workers'Stadium .
The Workers'Stadium . This is the right bus .
This is the right bus . Will you let me know where to get off ?
Will you let me know where to get off ? Certainly . Four more stop after this . I'll call out the stops .
I ' Ve lost my purse . Oh , dear . What was in it ?
Oh , dear . What was in it ? All my money .
Are there any special requirements on the project ? And shall we talk around it in details ? Yes , there're some samples in our office and you can take some to study it . Besides , you see , in recent years , we've visited a diversity of factory buildings all over the world and we hope that our building is the perfect match of advanced technology and attractiveness .
Yes , there're some samples in our office and you can take some to study it . Besides , you see , in recent years , we've visited a diversity of factory buildings all over the world and we hope that our building is the perfect match of advanced technology and attractiveness . That's a good idea . We can improve our technology to meet your special need .
That's a good idea . We can improve our technology to meet your special need . And please let white color dominate .
And please let white color dominate . OK ! I've noted it down . And any others ?
OK ! I've noted it down . And any others ? Oh ! I've almost forgot the location was transferred to the A county in the east of the city .
Oh ! I've almost forgot the location was transferred to the A county in the east of the city . I'll tell them .
I'll tell them . Well , the most important thing is that our company demand the quality be exactly the same as the sample which you'll take from the office on the third floor .
Well , the most important thing is that our company demand the quality be exactly the same as the sample which you'll take from the office on the third floor . Please feel assured that we'll abide by our promise . And we'll do everything we can to ensure delivery .
Please feel assured that we'll abide by our promise . And we'll do everything we can to ensure delivery . Thanks a lot . And I believe I'll have a good time working with you .
Thanks a lot . And I believe I'll have a good time working with you . I think so . Bye !
What shall we do today ? We'd better stay in the hotel , because the tour will begin tomorrow .
We'd better stay in the hotel , because the tour will begin tomorrow . Let's go out for some exercise , shall we ?
Let's go out for some exercise , shall we ? What an excellent idea !
What an excellent idea ! Shall we do some jogging ?
Shall we do some jogging ? OK .
OK . I feel well now .
I feel well now . Yes , some exercise is necessary for us .
I really want to make something for dinner . What are you going to cook ?
What are you going to cook ? I haven't the slightest clue what I'm going to make .
I haven't the slightest clue what I'm going to make . A teriyaki bowl sounds nice .
A teriyaki bowl sounds nice . I don't know how to make that .
I don't know how to make that . All you need to make it is white rice and some teriyaki beef .
All you need to make it is white rice and some teriyaki beef . That sounds fairly simple , but how do I cook it ?
That sounds fairly simple , but how do I cook it ? The first and simplest thing you have to do is make some white rice .
The first and simplest thing you have to do is make some white rice . What's next ?
What's next ? Then you should shred your beef and pour some teriyaki marinade over it .
Then you should shred your beef and pour some teriyaki marinade over it . What's the next thing I need to do ?
Hi , good morning , Miss ? what can I help you with ? Good morning I'd like to mail this box of books to Taiwan .
Good morning I'd like to mail this box of books to Taiwan . OK , please put it on this scale . Airmail or by sea ?
OK , please put it on this scale . Airmail or by sea ? How long does it take to reach Taiwan by sea ?
How long does it take to reach Taiwan by sea ? Usually about two month .
Usually about two month . That's too long . How long does it take to reach Taiwan by airmail ?
That's too long . How long does it take to reach Taiwan by airmail ? About ten days .
About ten days . Then how much is that by airmail ?
Then how much is that by airmail ? Let me see . It ' s 57 dollars , 20 cents , including tax .
Let me see . It ' s 57 dollars , 20 cents , including tax . That's a little bit expensive .
That's a little bit expensive . Although it's expensive to send it by airmail , it's quicker and safer than by sea .
Although it's expensive to send it by airmail , it's quicker and safer than by sea . I guess I have to send it by airmail .
I guess I have to send it by airmail . Do you want to ensure the contents , Miss ?
Do you want to ensure the contents , Miss ? Yes , please .
Yes , please . Please fill out this form , also please write the value of the items in this space .
Sorry , I overslept . My clock didn't go off this morning . Again ?
Again ? That's right , even though I did set the alarm last night .
That's right , even though I did set the alarm last night . Your clock never works . Perhaps you should buy a new one .
I can ' t believe these skirts are so cheap . I know and they are really nice , too .
I know and they are really nice , too . I ' ll have to get a couple in different colors .
I ' ll have to get a couple in different colors . Me , too .
Me , too . Buy them now though , or they might not still be here tomorrow .
Dad , I ' d like to borrow some money . Sure , Johnny , how much do you need ? five bucks ?
Sure , Johnny , how much do you need ? five bucks ? Come on , Dad , I need thirty thousand . I wanna get into the market . You know , I ' m tired of hearing all this news about the economic downturn , the inevitable recession , people stuffing their money in their mattresses . I look at this as an opportunity . This is a chance for me to get a jump start on building my nest egg .
Come on , Dad , I need thirty thousand . I wanna get into the market . You know , I ' m tired of hearing all this news about the economic downturn , the inevitable recession , people stuffing their money in their mattresses . I look at this as an opportunity . This is a chance for me to get a jump start on building my nest egg . I don ' t know about that . with all the uncertainty in the markets right now , it would be a very unwise decision to invest . I don ' t know if you ' re aware son , but there has been a lot of turmoil in the markets recently . There have already been half a million layoffs in the last few months , and we have no idea how the proposed stimulus package will impact the economy . There ' s just too much instability . I wouldn ' t feel comfortable investing in this climate .
I don ' t know about that . with all the uncertainty in the markets right now , it would be a very unwise decision to invest . I don ' t know if you ' re aware son , but there has been a lot of turmoil in the markets recently . There have already been half a million layoffs in the last few months , and we have no idea how the proposed stimulus package will impact the economy . There ' s just too much instability . I wouldn ' t feel comfortable investing in this climate . But look at it this way , every challenge is an opportunity . And anyway , I ' m not talking about investing in the domestic market . There are emerging markets that promise great returns . Look at China , for example . they have 1 . 4 billion people , half a billion of whom have recently entered the middle class . Here alone , the aggregate demand for consumer goods represents an amazing wealth generating opportunity .
But look at it this way , every challenge is an opportunity . And anyway , I ' m not talking about investing in the domestic market . There are emerging markets that promise great returns . Look at China , for example . they have 1 . 4 billion people , half a billion of whom have recently entered the middle class . Here alone , the aggregate demand for consumer goods represents an amazing wealth generating opportunity . Come on , son , you ' re looking at this too naively , the Chinese market has exhibited a great deal of instability , and their currency has been devalued by almost a whole percentage point .
I'd like to buy some souvenirs . What do you think of the pamphlets with beautiful pictures ?
What do you think of the pamphlets with beautiful pictures ? That's nothing new .
How do you feel ? I'm getting sleepy .
I'm getting sleepy . You've had so long a flight .
You've had so long a flight . Time difference also makes me feel weak .
Time difference also makes me feel weak . Oh , I forgot about it .
Oh , I forgot about it . It's four o'clock in the morning in Chicago now , but it's time to go to bed in Shanghai .
What are we eating for lunch ? I have no idea . What about you ?
I have no idea . What about you ? I kind of want pizza .
I kind of want pizza . I ate pizza the other day .
I ate pizza the other day . So , what do you feel like eating then ?
So , what do you feel like eating then ? How about some burgers ?
How about some burgers ? I already had a burger yesterday .
I already had a burger yesterday . What are we going to do ?
What are we going to do ? We can just each get what we want to get .
We can just each get what we want to get . That sounds like a plan .
That sounds like a plan . Do you know a place that sells pizza and burgers ?
Good morning ! What can I do for you ? I'm thinking of travelling to Suzhou in July . Could you recommend some tourist programs for that ?
I'm thinking of travelling to Suzhou in July . Could you recommend some tourist programs for that ? With pleasure . We arrange two kinds of tourist programs for Suzhou , a six-day tour by train and a five-day flying journey .
With pleasure . We arrange two kinds of tourist programs for Suzhou , a six-day tour by train and a five-day flying journey . How much does a six-day tour by train cost ?
How much does a six-day tour by train cost ? Five hundred yuan .
Five hundred yuan . Does that include hotels and meals ?
Does that include hotels and meals ? Oh , yes , and admission tickets for places of interest as well .
Oh , yes , and admission tickets for places of interest as well . That sounds reasonable . What about the five-day flying journey ? How much is that ?
That sounds reasonable . What about the five-day flying journey ? How much is that ? Eight hundred and fifty yuan .
Eight hundred and fifty yuan . Covering all expenses ?
How does the political system work in your country ? We have hundreds of constituencies and the voters in each one elect a member of parliament . Most people call them mp ' s .
We have hundreds of constituencies and the voters in each one elect a member of parliament . Most people call them mp ' s . Each mp belongs to a political party , right ?
Each mp belongs to a political party , right ? Almost all of them do . A few are independent . That means that they do not belong to a party . If one party more than half of the mp ' s . they form a government . That means that they choose a prime Finist
Almost all of them do . A few are independent . That means that they do not belong to a party . If one party more than half of the mp ' s . they form a government . That means that they choose a prime Finist What ' s a cabinet ?
What ' s a cabinet ? This is a small group of people-perhaps 25 mp ' s who are usually ministers . They make all the big decision and discuss laws and policy .
This is a small group of people-perhaps 25 mp ' s who are usually ministers . They make all the big decision and discuss laws and policy . Can any mp make a law ?
Can any mp make a law ? Any mp can present a law to parliament . The proposed law is debated and voted on . If it is accepted , it becomes law .
Any mp can present a law to parliament . The proposed law is debated and voted on . If it is accepted , it becomes law . I suppose a proposed a law needs the support of the big political parties .
I suppose a proposed a law needs the support of the big political parties . Yes , it does , because they have most of the mp ' s . most mp ' s vote the way their party wants them to .
Yes , it does , because they have most of the mp ' s . most mp ' s vote the way their party wants them to . How do people choose which party or candidate to vote for ?
What's the weather like in Britain ? It's wet and rains a lot . But right now it's the golden season to take a tour there . It is fine there almost everyday .
It's wet and rains a lot . But right now it's the golden season to take a tour there . It is fine there almost everyday . That's great . Will I feel hot there ? I feel sensitive to heat .
Excuse me . Would you please make a suit with this material ? Sure . May I take your measurements ?
Sure . May I take your measurements ? Please don't make it too tight . This is for autumn wear , so make sure you allow for a cardigan underneath .
Please don't make it too tight . This is for autumn wear , so make sure you allow for a cardigan underneath . I see , sir . Can you come back for a fitting on the 10th , that's in a week's time ?
I see , sir . Can you come back for a fitting on the 10th , that's in a week's time ? The 10th ? I'm sorry , but you see I'm going to attend an international conference on the 11th . Could you have the suit ready by the 8th , or at the latest , the 9th ?
The 10th ? I'm sorry , but you see I'm going to attend an international conference on the 11th . Could you have the suit ready by the 8th , or at the latest , the 9th ? Well , a business suit usually takes ten days ' time . But in your case , we'll try to have it ready sooner . How about coming for your fitting on the 8th ? Then your suit will be ready for you on the 10th ?
I'd like to see that pen , please . You mean this one ?
You mean this one ? No , the other one in the brown case .
No , the other one in the brown case . Oh , this one ... Here .
Oh , this one ... Here . May I try it ?
May I try it ? Sure .
Sure . It's very smooth . I'll take it .
It's very smooth . I'll take it . Cash or charge ?
Where can I find the produce ? Aisle A is where you'll find all the produce .
Aisle A is where you'll find all the produce . What sales do they have today ?
Excuse me , could you tell me where Peking University is on this map ? Let me see . Here it is .
Let me see . Here it is . Could you tell me how to get there ?
Could you tell me how to get there ? I ' m afraid I can ' t because I ' m a stranger here .
I ' m afraid I can ' t because I ' m a stranger here . Oh , thanks all the same .
Welcome to Al's Bakery . What can I get you ? Hi ! Let me get a dozen croissants , four blueberry muffins and a loaf of sourdough bread .
Hi ! Let me get a dozen croissants , four blueberry muffins and a loaf of sourdough bread . Sure . Would you like to have the loaf sliced ?
Sure . Would you like to have the loaf sliced ? No , that's OK . Do you have any whole wheat bread ?
No , that's OK . Do you have any whole wheat bread ? We are out at the moment . May I suggest some rye bread ?
We are out at the moment . May I suggest some rye bread ? Sure that sounds good . Do you have any cakes ?
Sure that sounds good . Do you have any cakes ? We have various birthday cakes and also ice cream cakes .
We have various birthday cakes and also ice cream cakes . I'll just take a cheesecake .
I'll just take a cheesecake . Will that be all ?
Will that be all ? Yes .
Medicine Industry , this is Peter Bush speaking , can I help you ? Good afternoon , could you connect this call with Mr Brown , please
Good afternoon , could you connect this call with Mr Brown , please May I know who's calling ?
May I know who's calling ? This is Li Ping of ABC computer company limited . I'm calling on our Mr Wilson the general manager of our company .
This is Li Ping of ABC computer company limited . I'm calling on our Mr Wilson the general manager of our company . I'm sorry , Mrs Li , Mr Brown is now in a meeting . May I have your number , and ask him to call you back later ?
I'm sorry , Mrs Li , Mr Brown is now in a meeting . May I have your number , and ask him to call you back later ? I'm afraid Mr Wilson would like to speak to Mr Brown right now . He ' s got an urgent matter to discuss with Mr Brown without delay .
I'm afraid Mr Wilson would like to speak to Mr Brown right now . He ' s got an urgent matter to discuss with Mr Brown without delay . Ok , then would you please hold the line ? Mr Li , the line is through , Mr Brown is ready answering the call , go ahead .
Ok , then would you please hold the line ? Mr Li , the line is through , Mr Brown is ready answering the call , go ahead . Thank you for your assistance , Mr Bush .
Good afternoon , Mrs . Vale . Please sit down . Thank you .
Thank you . Did you work as a salesperson before , Mrs . Vale ?
Did you work as a salesperson before , Mrs . Vale ? Only as a clerk in a store .
Only as a clerk in a store . I see . Well , consulting is a little different .
I see . Well , consulting is a little different . I'm a quick leamer , Mr . Jenkins .
I'm a quick leamer , Mr . Jenkins . Umm hmm . Do you have a diver's license ?
Umm hmm . Do you have a diver's license ? Yes , and I'm a very good driver .
Yes , and I'm a very good driver . Fine . We provide a company car for our consultants .
Fine . We provide a company car for our consultants . Do I have to travel a lot ?
Do I have to travel a lot ? Oh yes-five days a week . You have to visit customers all over the territory .
Oh yes-five days a week . You have to visit customers all over the territory . But how will I get to know the products ?
But how will I get to know the products ? You'll have to attend a three-week course . If you do well , the job is yours .
You'll have to attend a three-week course . If you do well , the job is yours . How much is the salary ?
How much is the salary ? Starting salary is $ 150 a week-plus commissions , of course .
Starting salary is $ 150 a week-plus commissions , of course . How much commission do your consultants get ?
How much commission do your consultants get ? Five percent .
Five percent . Well , I'm very interested in the job .
Well , I'm very interested in the job . Fine . The next course starts a week from tomorrow .
Fine . The next course starts a week from tomorrow . Thank you .
Hi , Francis , how was your business trip ? It was a nightmare .
It was a nightmare . What ' s up ?
What ' s up ? Actually , the business trip itself was very successful . We arrived on time , we had nice conversations and we settled some important issues for the next year .
Actually , the business trip itself was very successful . We arrived on time , we had nice conversations and we settled some important issues for the next year . Sounds quite fruitful , why do you call it still a nightmare then ?
Sounds quite fruitful , why do you call it still a nightmare then ? Well , the air line lost my luggage on the return flight and then I lost my carry on bag when I was tackling with the officers in charge . I left the airport three hours later than I expected and then I was caught in a traffic jam . When I finally got home , I was totally exhausted . But I found the elevator was out of service due to a blackout .
Well , the air line lost my luggage on the return flight and then I lost my carry on bag when I was tackling with the officers in charge . I left the airport three hours later than I expected and then I was caught in a traffic jam . When I finally got home , I was totally exhausted . But I found the elevator was out of service due to a blackout . This is really a sad story . Did they trace back your luggage ?
This is really a sad story . Did they trace back your luggage ? I am still waiting for their call .
Are you ready to order , sir ? Yes , I would like a roast duck and my friend wants steaks .
Yes , I would like a roast duck and my friend wants steaks . How do you like your steaks ?
How do you like your steaks ? I'd like it medium-well .
You're here to make a deposit , is that correct ? Right . I'd like to deposit 2,000 RIB into my Current Account .
Right . I'd like to deposit 2,000 RIB into my Current Account . No problem . Could I have the cash and your Bank Book , please ? Oh dear ... there seems to be some problems here ...
No problem . Could I have the cash and your Bank Book , please ? Oh dear ... there seems to be some problems here ... What ? What's wrong ?
What ? What's wrong ? I'm sorry but 5 of these notes seem to be counterfeit . Look at this watermark , do you see it ?
Excuse me , sir , I'm afraid you can't park your car here . Why not ? It's my parking space .
Why not ? It's my parking space . I'm afraid not , sir .
I'm afraid not , sir . Oh ? That's a surprise . Let me see ... D 0411 Our dog's birthday . Yes , I'm sure this my parking space !
Oh ? That's a surprise . Let me see ... D 0411 Our dog's birthday . Yes , I'm sure this my parking space ! But I saw a red car always parking here before .
But I saw a red car always parking here before . Oh , we've just repainted our car . It was red .
Oh , we've just repainted our car . It was red . Maybe . But the car of this space has a broken rearview mirror on the left .
Maybe . But the car of this space has a broken rearview mirror on the left . Yeah . It used to . We got that fixed yesterday too .
Yeah . It used to . We got that fixed yesterday too . Could you wait for a minute , sir ? I'd like to have a check .
Could you wait for a minute , sir ? I'd like to have a check . Sure , go ahead .
Sure , go ahead . Sorry , sir , my mistake . This is your parking space .
I am sorry to trouble you , but there's a lot of noise in the next room . Oh , is there ? Which room is it ?
Oh , is there ? Which room is it ? It's . I think , neighbours on the right .
It's . I think , neighbours on the right . You mean the room thirteen-thirteen ?
You mean the room thirteen-thirteen ? I'm not sure , but I think so . I'm very exhausted , but I can't sleep .
I'm not sure , but I think so . I'm very exhausted , but I can't sleep . All right , ma'am . I'll check and tell them to be quiet .
We are redecorating and I'm going to add some things . Well , I'll be glad to help you out . We can deliver what you need to your office .
Well , I'll be glad to help you out . We can deliver what you need to your office . Shall we meet at 1:15 this Thursday ? We definitely need some new filing cabinets and at least one desk unit .
How about your interview ? They turned me down .
They turned me down . Why ? You are so excellent .
Why ? You are so excellent . I think the only reason is that I was too nervous during the interview and I couldn't express myself the way I wanted to .
I think the only reason is that I was too nervous during the interview and I couldn't express myself the way I wanted to . What a shame ! You should have showed yourself to them !
What a shame ! You should have showed yourself to them ! It doesn't matter . I'll try other companies .
It doesn't matter . I'll try other companies . I suggest you hunt for a job on the Internet .
I suggest you hunt for a job on the Internet . On the Internet ? I've never heard of it .
On the Internet ? I've never heard of it . It's very convenient and it has become popular recently .
It's very convenient and it has become popular recently . Is that safe ?
Is that safe ? Of course , if you log on some standard websites .
Can you help me out , Chuck ? Sure . What's it , Yvonne ?
Sure . What's it , Yvonne ? I want to put my desk over there , but it's too heavy for me to move .
Hello . I sent out my laundry yesterday . Aren ' t they ready ? They'll be ready by this afternoon .
They'll be ready by this afternoon . Oh , no ! I'm leaving for Japan at 11 this morning .
Oh , no ! I'm leaving for Japan at 11 this morning . Is that right ? We're very sorry .
Is that right ? We're very sorry . I thought it was " the same day " service . Anyway , please do hurry .
I thought it was " the same day " service . Anyway , please do hurry . I'm afraid we can't return it by 11 o'clock .
I'm afraid we can't return it by 11 o'clock . Well , then , would you send it to Japan , please ?
Hi Bill , it ' s Jane . Jane , I ' m on the other line , can you hang on for a second ?
Jane , I ' m on the other line , can you hang on for a second ? Sure .
Good morning . Wilson Association . This is Mr Brown speaking . I'd like to speak to Mr . Thomas , please .
This is Mr Brown speaking . I'd like to speak to Mr . Thomas , please . I'm sorry , but Mr . Thomas left the office a few minutes ago .
I'm sorry , but Mr . Thomas left the office a few minutes ago . That's bad ! I've been trying to call him for the last ten minutes , but your line has been busy . Will he be back soon ?
That's bad ! I've been trying to call him for the last ten minutes , but your line has been busy . Will he be back soon ? I'm afraid not . He's gone for the rest of the day .
I'm afraid not . He's gone for the rest of the day . Is there anywhere I can reach him ?
Is there anywhere I can reach him ? I don't believe so . He's going out of town on business . May I take a message ?
I don't believe so . He's going out of town on business . May I take a message ? I have a business appointment with him for tomorrow morning at ten o'clock , but I'm afraid I can't make it .
I have a business appointment with him for tomorrow morning at ten o'clock , but I'm afraid I can't make it . Would you care to make another appointment ?
Would you care to make another appointment ? Unfortunately , I'm leaving town rather unexpectedly , and I may be gone for several days .
Unfortunately , I'm leaving town rather unexpectedly , and I may be gone for several days . I see . I can tell Mr . Thomas that you phoned .
I see . I can tell Mr . Thomas that you phoned . Thank you .
Bruno Bistro , how may I help you ? Yes , hello , I would like to make a reservation please .
Yes , hello , I would like to make a reservation please . Certainly sir , For which day and time please ?
Certainly sir , For which day and time please ? Tonight at seven .
Tonight at seven . I'm sorry sir , but we are fully booked tonight until eight .
I'm sorry sir , but we are fully booked tonight until eight . In that case , eight o'clock is fine .
In that case , eight o'clock is fine . Very well , and how many people will attend tonight ?
Very well , and how many people will attend tonight ? Four people .
Four people . Lastly , may I please know what name I should make the reservation under ?
Mom , where are you going ? I am going to buy some food to cook for supper .
I am going to buy some food to cook for supper . Good . I wanna come with you .
Good . I wanna come with you . How strange ! Our little emperor now asks to help out with shopping .
How strange ! Our little emperor now asks to help out with shopping . We learnt about vegetables and meat at school . But I never see the real thing .
We learnt about vegetables and meat at school . But I never see the real thing . Wow , that's something new . Let's go ! What's this , honey ?
Wow , that's something new . Let's go ! What's this , honey ? Er , is it cabbage ?
Er , is it cabbage ? Cabbage ? Is that what they teach at school now ? OK , honey , it's spinage .
Cabbage ? Is that what they teach at school now ? OK , honey , it's spinage . Yeah , I know , this is Popeye's favorite food .
Yeah , I know , this is Popeye's favorite food . There we go .
There we go . Mom , come here . I know this , it is carrot , am I right ?
Wow ! What's the hold up ? It ' s probably just people trying to get an early start out of the city for the weekend . Nobody sticks around in the summer .
It ' s probably just people trying to get an early start out of the city for the weekend . Nobody sticks around in the summer . Really ? Then , I guess I won ' t have a hard time finding a room or getting a cab ?
Really ? Then , I guess I won ' t have a hard time finding a room or getting a cab ? Actually , you might because there ' s a big convention in town this weekend .
It says here that you graduated from Beijing Normal University with a major in English Language and Literature . Right . Then you may think that I am not fit for this job according to my educational background .
Right . Then you may think that I am not fit for this job according to my educational background . Yes .
Yes . But I want to be a tour guide very much because I like traveling and meeting various kinds of people . So I took an evening course at the Tourism School of Beijing after graduation and I have gotten a qualification certificate .
But I want to be a tour guide very much because I like traveling and meeting various kinds of people . So I took an evening course at the Tourism School of Beijing after graduation and I have gotten a qualification certificate . So you must be an extravert ?
So you must be an extravert ? Yes , I always enjoy being with a group of people and chatting with them .
Yes , I always enjoy being with a group of people and chatting with them . What do you think are the responsibilities of a tourist guide ?
What do you think are the responsibilities of a tourist guide ? A tourist guide must be responsible for arranging and coordinating tour activities , and offering service of transportation , accommodation , sightseeing , shopping and entertainment .
A tourist guide must be responsible for arranging and coordinating tour activities , and offering service of transportation , accommodation , sightseeing , shopping and entertainment . Don't you consider it a hard work ?
Don't you consider it a hard work ? Hard but interesting , I think .
Hard but interesting , I think . Have you any experience as a tourist guide ?
Have you any experience as a tourist guide ? Yes , I usually guided foreign tourists around Beijing when I was in University .
Yes , I usually guided foreign tourists around Beijing when I was in University . Have you ever learned any other foreign languages other than English ?
I need a pan . Okay . Do you have a particular size in mind ?
Okay . Do you have a particular size in mind ? Well , the bigger the better , I think .
Well , the bigger the better , I think . Look at this one . It's our biggest pan .
Look at this one . It's our biggest pan . Yes , that is big enough , but it's too heavy for me .
Yes , that is big enough , but it's too heavy for me . Okay , we have the same thing in aluminum .
Okay , we have the same thing in aluminum . Oh , this is nice and light . But it has an aluminum handle .
Oh , this is nice and light . But it has an aluminum handle . Try this one . Same aluminum pan , but with a heat-resistant bamboo handle .
Try this one . Same aluminum pan , but with a heat-resistant bamboo handle . Oh , yes . This is very nice . I'll take this one .
Oh , yes . This is very nice . I'll take this one . That's a good choice . How do you want to pay for it ?
That's a good choice . How do you want to pay for it ? Cash . Oh , I almost forgot . I need a lid , too .
Well , Randy , I'd say you've got a bad case of the flu . The main thing to do is get plenty of rest and drink lots of liquids . I'll prescribe something for that throat . Thanks , doctor . Is there anything I can take for this headache ?
Thanks , doctor . Is there anything I can take for this headache ? Some aspirin or Panadol should help . You can pick some up at the pharmacy when you go to fill your prescription .
Some aspirin or Panadol should help . You can pick some up at the pharmacy when you go to fill your prescription . Okay .
Welcome to IBA Bank , how can we be of service ? I spoke to a girl named Claire on the phone ; it's about losing my card and everything .
I spoke to a girl named Claire on the phone ; it's about losing my card and everything . What I need you to do first is fill in these forms , with as much detail as possible . Then we can get you a new card .
What I need you to do first is fill in these forms , with as much detail as possible . Then we can get you a new card . So , I can get my new card today ?
So , I can get my new card today ? I'm sorry , Sir , the full procedure can take up to 7 days to process everything .
I'm sorry , Sir , the full procedure can take up to 7 days to process everything . 7 days ! What am I supposed to do for money until then ?
Excuse me , Miss . What can I do for you ?
What can I do for you ? I've just heard an announcement that my flight has been delayed .
I've just heard an announcement that my flight has been delayed . What's your flight number ?
What's your flight number ? Flight CA216 to Chengdu .
Flight CA216 to Chengdu . Yes , it's true . It has been delayed .
Yes , it's true . It has been delayed . Could you please tell me why ?
Could you please tell me why ? Yes , of course . The delay is due to heavy rain .
Yes , of course . The delay is due to heavy rain . How long will the delay be ? Do you have any further information about it ?
How long will the delay be ? Do you have any further information about it ? I am sorry , we don't know the extent of the delay at present . But according to the latest weather forecast , there will be a change in weather soon .
I am sorry , we don't know the extent of the delay at present . But according to the latest weather forecast , there will be a change in weather soon . We have to wait . Well , is it possible for the rain to stop before noon ?
We have to wait . Well , is it possible for the rain to stop before noon ? It's hard to say . Weather is so changeable in the summer . Please listen to the latest announcement about your flight .
It's hard to say . Weather is so changeable in the summer . Please listen to the latest announcement about your flight . Yes , I will . Thanks a lot . Bye !
I believe we ' Ve met before . My name's David . Yes , at your company , I think . I'm Frank .
Yes , at your company , I think . I'm Frank . Oh , I remember now . Very nice to meet you again .
I take care of the letters . I may read , sort out and organize incoming mails . So you have to open all the envelopes .
So you have to open all the envelopes . Yes , except the personal mail . And I also need to prepare the materials for posting and check the e-mail box regularly .
Yes , except the personal mail . And I also need to prepare the materials for posting and check the e-mail box regularly . Do you need to file copies of the letters before sending them ?
Do you need to file copies of the letters before sending them ? Yes , and I check all the e-mails for Mr . Thomas .
Yes , and I check all the e-mails for Mr . Thomas . I take care of the letters . I may read , sort out and organize incoming mails .
I take care of the letters . I may read , sort out and organize incoming mails . So you have to open all the envelopes .
So you have to open all the envelopes . Yes , except the personal mail . And I also need to prepare the materials for posting and check the e-mail box regularly .
Yes , except the personal mail . And I also need to prepare the materials for posting and check the e-mail box regularly . Do you need to file copies of the letters before sending them ?
OK , Allen . It's your turn . Are you ready ? I really would rather just listen . Isn't there anyone else who wants to sing ?
I really would rather just listen . Isn't there anyone else who wants to sing ? Come on ! In the two hours we've been here you haven't sung even one song !
Come on ! In the two hours we've been here you haven't sung even one song ! I know , but ... Hey , Stanley's here ! I've been wanting to hear him sing all night .
I know , but ... Hey , Stanley's here ! I've been wanting to hear him sing all night . Well , you asked for it . Why don't you put on an Elvis song for him . He loves " The King . "
Hello , Sir . You're here to discuss the Network Settlement Service , right ? Yes , that's right . We want as much info as possible before we agree to anything .
Yes , that's right . We want as much info as possible before we agree to anything . Yes , it's important to be all clued up before you enter into any agreement . To make full use of the Network Settlement Service and take advantage of the whole banking system , we provide internal fund transfers , account inquiry , agency clearing to name but a few .
Yes , it's important to be all clued up before you enter into any agreement . To make full use of the Network Settlement Service and take advantage of the whole banking system , we provide internal fund transfers , account inquiry , agency clearing to name but a few . So , do you think our corporation will be eligible for this ?
do you like animals ? yes , doesn't everyone ?
yes , doesn't everyone ? what's your favorite animal ?
what's your favorite animal ? it's hard to say . While dogs are more affectionate , cats are much easier to take care of .
it's hard to say . While dogs are more affectionate , cats are much easier to take care of . have you ever had a dog ?
have you ever had a dog ? when I was little , we had a few domestic dogs at home .
when I was little , we had a few domestic dogs at home . they always say that dogs are a man's best friends . do you think that's true ?
they always say that dogs are a man's best friends . do you think that's true ? definitely . rich or poor , dogs always love their masters .
definitely . rich or poor , dogs always love their masters . how about cats ? Have you ever had one for a pet ?
how about cats ? Have you ever had one for a pet ? i had one a few months ago , but she ended up running away .
i had one a few months ago , but she ended up running away . how did that happen ?
how did that happen ? she left through a window that was open one night and never returned .
she left through a window that was open one night and never returned . you must have been devastated !
you must have been devastated ! i was pretty sad . i still hope that she'll return some day !
i was pretty sad . i still hope that she'll return some day ! I hope she does . Do you think you'll ever get another pet ?
I hope she does . Do you think you'll ever get another pet ? I think I will . It's difficult to feel longly when you have a pet around .
I think I will . It's difficult to feel longly when you have a pet around . i hope your cat finds its way back home .
Jenny , don't you think it's really charming ? Yes . It's a feast of eyes to walking in the museum .
Yes . It's a feast of eyes to walking in the museum . Let's take our time and enjoy the art and sprite of the famous museum .
Have you decided where to go for the vacation ? I will join John in his mountaineering trip .
I will join John in his mountaineering trip . Woo cool . Which mountain are you going to conquer ?
Woo cool . Which mountain are you going to conquer ? We haven't made up our minds . Will you come with us ?
Excuse me , I ' Ve been waiting my main dish for quite a time . Yes sir , just a minute , please . I ' ll check with the kitchen . Thank you for waiting . It takes another 10 to 15 minutes , I ' m afraid .
Yes sir , just a minute , please . I ' ll check with the kitchen . Thank you for waiting . It takes another 10 to 15 minutes , I ' m afraid . I have an appointment in half an hour .
I have an appointment in half an hour . I see .
I see . Do you have anything else I can have instead ?
Do you have anything else I can have instead ? Well sir , yes . How about this stew ? We can serve you at once .
Anything else ? Yes , one last thing . How much holiday time do you give your employees every year ?
Yes , one last thing . How much holiday time do you give your employees every year ? Our employees receive fifteen days of paid vacation every year . If you don ' t use the full fifteen days , they carry over to the following year .
Our employees receive fifteen days of paid vacation every year . If you don ' t use the full fifteen days , they carry over to the following year . How about sick days ?
How about sick days ? You get five paid sick days .
You get five paid sick days . Any other benefits ?
Any other benefits ? Yes , we have an excellent retirement plan and medical insurance as well .
Yes , we have an excellent retirement plan and medical insurance as well . Great . Thanks so much for your time .
Doctor , I feel much better now . Will I be albe to go home some time this week ? That's good to hear . You've had an ideal recovery from your operation . We're going to send you home tomorrow .
That's good to hear . You've had an ideal recovery from your operation . We're going to send you home tomorrow . Do you think I can get back to work very soon ?
Do you think I can get back to work very soon ? Don't be in such a hurry . I'm confident that you'll be completely recovered in 4 to 6 weeks .
Don't be in such a hurry . I'm confident that you'll be completely recovered in 4 to 6 weeks . Is there anything I should do ?
Is there anything I should do ? You'd better have a good rest for a week . Be sure to have regular meals . Stay away from alcohol . Give up smoking at least a little while .
You'd better have a good rest for a week . Be sure to have regular meals . Stay away from alcohol . Give up smoking at least a little while . Should I take some medicine ?
Should I take some medicine ? Yes . I'm going to give you some . Take one tablet of this medicine three times a day before meals . For that one , two tablets . And remember to come to the out patient department for a consultation in two weeks , please .
Yes . I'm going to give you some . Take one tablet of this medicine three times a day before meals . For that one , two tablets . And remember to come to the out patient department for a consultation in two weeks , please . It's very kind of you .
What do we need to get from the supermarket ? We need lots of things . I ' ll make a list . We need a bag of sugar , a loaf of bread and a crate of beer .
We need lots of things . I ' ll make a list . We need a bag of sugar , a loaf of bread and a crate of beer . A crate of beer ? Why do we need that ?
A crate of beer ? Why do we need that ? Just joking . I would like to get a few bottles of beer though . We also need a liter of cooking oil .
Just joking . I would like to get a few bottles of beer though . We also need a liter of cooking oil . we can buy a three-liter bottle . It works out cheaper per liter . We should buy a packet of butter and a few pints of milk too .
we can buy a three-liter bottle . It works out cheaper per liter . We should buy a packet of butter and a few pints of milk too . I ' d like to get a jar of strawberry jam and a bottle of tomato ketchup . Do we need any meat ?
I ' d like to get a jar of strawberry jam and a bottle of tomato ketchup . Do we need any meat ? I think we should get half a kilo of minced beef and a few pork chops .
I think we should get half a kilo of minced beef and a few pork chops . Ok . Let ' s not forget fruit and vegetables . We need a bunch of bananas , a kilo of tomatoes and a bag of potatoes .
Ok . Let ' s not forget fruit and vegetables . We need a bunch of bananas , a kilo of tomatoes and a bag of potatoes . We should also get a tube of toothpaste and a bar of soap . Let ' s get a tub of ice cream too . We can treat ourselves .
We should also get a tube of toothpaste and a bar of soap . Let ' s get a tub of ice cream too . We can treat ourselves . Ok . We should get a few tins of tuna . Anything else ?
Ok . We should get a few tins of tuna . Anything else ? I ' d like a few cans of coke . We also need a dozen eggs and half a dozen sausages .
I ' d like a few cans of coke . We also need a dozen eggs and half a dozen sausages . let ' s get a chunk of cheese too . Is that everything .
What about driving to Shanghai ? Driving ? No way , it's too far .
Driving ? No way , it's too far . I just thought it would be an interesting way to see lots of places . How long will it take ?
I just thought it would be an interesting way to see lots of places . How long will it take ? Too long , and you do not have much time .
Well , I'm glad you're finally back . I was wondering what happened . I feel kind of stupid .
I feel kind of stupid . Why ?
Why ? We got lost coming back . I guess I don't really know this town yet .
We got lost coming back . I guess I don't really know this town yet . You got lost . You're kidding !
You got lost . You're kidding ! No . We took a wrong turn somewhere . And Joseph doesn't know the town at all . So I started giving him directions . But I didn't really know where we were . So we got seriously lost .
No . We took a wrong turn somewhere . And Joseph doesn't know the town at all . So I started giving him directions . But I didn't really know where we were . So we got seriously lost . You could have called .
You could have called . I know I could have . But finally we asked someone where we were .
I know I could have . But finally we asked someone where we were . You've been gone for two hours . How could you get lost for so long ?
You've been gone for two hours . How could you get lost for so long ? Guess where we ended up .
Guess where we ended up . I don't know . Where ?
I don't know . Where ? When we finally decided to ask someone , they told us we were in Grangerfield .
When we finally decided to ask someone , they told us we were in Grangerfield . Grangerfield ! You were in Grangerfield ? That's a completely different town ! How could you drive to a completely different town ?
Grangerfield ! You were in Grangerfield ? That's a completely different town ! How could you drive to a completely different town ? I don't know . The person we asked had to give us directions to the highway to get back here .
I don't know . The person we asked had to give us directions to the highway to get back here . Grangerfield is like a dozen miles away from here .
Grangerfield is like a dozen miles away from here . I know it is . I don't know how it happened .
I know it is . I don't know how it happened . Hmm , maybe I do .
Hmm , maybe I do . What ?
What ? Maybe I have an idea how it happened .
Maybe I have an idea how it happened . How ?
How ? You were too busy looking at Joseph , and you weren't paying attention to the road .
What do you think of our price ? Your price has gone up sharply , hasn't it ?
Your price has gone up sharply , hasn't it ? Yes . We regret we cannot maintain our original price . Since the prices of the raw materials have been raised , we have to adjust the price of our products accordingly .
Yes . We regret we cannot maintain our original price . Since the prices of the raw materials have been raised , we have to adjust the price of our products accordingly . I agree with you there , but your price is unreasonable .
I agree with you there , but your price is unreasonable . I don't think so . You must compare our price with that of other export houses . I'm sure our offer is in line with the prevailing market price level .
I don't think so . You must compare our price with that of other export houses . I'm sure our offer is in line with the prevailing market price level . I don't think we'll be able to pay the price . To have this business concluded , you need to lower your price at least by 3 % .
I don't think we'll be able to pay the price . To have this business concluded , you need to lower your price at least by 3 % . I ' m afraid that there is no room for any reduction in price .
I ' m afraid that there is no room for any reduction in price . Don't you agree with me that in the long run , moderate prices will bring about large sales and more profit ?
Don't you agree with me that in the long run , moderate prices will bring about large sales and more profit ? We've already cut down our price to cost level .
We've already cut down our price to cost level . Is that all ?
Is that all ? Yes , this is the best we can do .
Hello , this is the International Youth Hotel . How can I help you ? oh , yes . I want to check whether you still have any vacancies . I need three single rooms for next Monday .
oh , yes . I want to check whether you still have any vacancies . I need three single rooms for next Monday . ok . There're vacancies . Since the peak season is coming , it's advisable to book soon . Would you like to make a reservation now ?
ok . There're vacancies . Since the peak season is coming , it's advisable to book soon . Would you like to make a reservation now ? yes , please . Do you take credit cards ?
yes , please . Do you take credit cards ? yes , we accept all major credit cards .
yes , we accept all major credit cards . and how about Internet access ?
and how about Internet access ? there's free Internet access in the lobby .
there's free Internet access in the lobby . is it available in the rooms ?
is it available in the rooms ? Unfortunately not .
Unfortunately not . that's OK . Is breakfast included ?
that's OK . Is breakfast included ? yes , breakfast is included and parking is available .
yes , breakfast is included and parking is available . fantastic . Thank you very much .
You have the right to remain silent . Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law . You have the right to have an attorney present during questioning . If you cannot afford an attorney , one will be appointed for you . Do you understand ? Yes .
Yes . What's your name ?
What's your name ? My name is James .
My name is James . What's your nationality ?
What's your nationality ? American .
American . What's your relationship with the victim ?
What's your relationship with the victim ? I don't know him .
I don't know him . Why did you attack the victim ?
Why did you attack the victim ? Because he beat me first when I tried to stop him from grabbing my bag and running away .
Because he beat me first when I tried to stop him from grabbing my bag and running away . How many times did you stab the victim ?
How many times did you stab the victim ? I stabbed his belly three times .
I stabbed his belly three times . Did you know hat your actions might cause serous injuries or death ?
Did you know hat your actions might cause serous injuries or death ? I knew , but I couldn't control myself .
I knew , but I couldn't control myself . Was it your intention to kill the victim ?
Was it your intention to kill the victim ? No . I didn't kill him on purpose , madam . It's him who caused the incident . I need to see my attorney .
Ahhchooo ! You've been sneezing a lot lately . Are you sick or something ?
You've been sneezing a lot lately . Are you sick or something ? No . Every spring time around April , I'm stricken with allergies .
No . Every spring time around April , I'm stricken with allergies . I never have seasonal allergies .
I never have seasonal allergies . Consider yourself lucky .
Consider yourself lucky . What are all the symptoms ?
What are all the symptoms ? Well , as you just saw , I sneeze a lot . Also , my nose becomes very runny , my throat sometimes itches , and my eyes start to water .
Well , as you just saw , I sneeze a lot . Also , my nose becomes very runny , my throat sometimes itches , and my eyes start to water . That doesn't sound good .
That doesn't sound good . No , it's not . So you don't have any type of allergies ?
No , it's not . So you don't have any type of allergies ? Well , I have a severe allergic reaction to alcohol . It runs in the family .
Well , I have a severe allergic reaction to alcohol . It runs in the family . Everyone to some extent is allergic to alcohol .
Everyone to some extent is allergic to alcohol . I get it pretty bad . My whole face turns red , including my ears . My eyes become bloodshot , and I start to itch all over my body .
I get it pretty bad . My whole face turns red , including my ears . My eyes become bloodshot , and I start to itch all over my body . That's pretty bad .
Watch out ! It's dark over there . That's all right . I can manage .
That's all right . I can manage . Be careful ! The road is muddy . You might slip .
Hello , this is ABC Corporation . May I help you ? Yes , I ' m enquiring about your advertisement for a sales manager in today ' s newspaper . Is this position still open ?
Yes , I ' m enquiring about your advertisement for a sales manager in today ' s newspaper . Is this position still open ? Yes , but do you have any experiences as a sales manager ?
Yes , but do you have any experiences as a sales manager ? Yes , I have a lot of previous experiences in sales . I worked in sales departments for two companies since I finished my university .
Yes , I have a lot of previous experiences in sales . I worked in sales departments for two companies since I finished my university . That sounds fine . Please give me your name and phone numbers . I ' ll set up an appointment for an interview for you . It will most likely be in a couple of days . Is it all right for you ?
That sounds fine . Please give me your name and phone numbers . I ' ll set up an appointment for an interview for you . It will most likely be in a couple of days . Is it all right for you ? Yes , my name is Brian and my phone number is 5294870 .
So , Casey , how are things going with the photos for the press kit ? Yeah , I ' Ve been meaning to talk to you about that . I might need to ask for an extension on that deadline .
Yeah , I ' Ve been meaning to talk to you about that . I might need to ask for an extension on that deadline . You ' Ve had over a month to get this finalized ! Why are things delayed ?
You ' Ve had over a month to get this finalized ! Why are things delayed ? Well , the thing is , we ran into a lot of problems . . .
Well , the thing is , we ran into a lot of problems . . . I ' m not looking for excuses here . I just want to get this finished on time !
I ' m not looking for excuses here . I just want to get this finished on time ! I know , and I apologize for the delay . But some things were just beyond my control . I had trouble booking the photographer , and then Michael was sick for three weeks , so I couldn ' t include him in the photos , and the design team lost all the files , so I had to re-do the pictures .
After I am accepted for unemployment benefits , what will happen next ? You will receive a Notice of Unemployment Insurance Award letter .
You will receive a Notice of Unemployment Insurance Award letter . What will that tell me ?
What will that tell me ? The Award Letter will tell you how much you will receive weekly .
The Award Letter will tell you how much you will receive weekly . Are there any other forms that I need to fill out ?
Are there any other forms that I need to fill out ? You will need to fill out a Continued Claim Form every two weeks .
You will need to fill out a Continued Claim Form every two weeks . What information will I need to provide on that form ?
What information will I need to provide on that form ? They will need to know where you worked and how much money you made .
They will need to know where you worked and how much money you made . Are there any other questions on the form ?
Peter , enough with your computer games . Go do your homework now . Can't I play more ?
Can't I play more ? No ! Stop playing computer games !
No ! Stop playing computer games ! Mom , I'll be finished soon .
What's the side dish that you're making for dinner ? I'm not sure . I was thinking of making a vegetable .
I'm not sure . I was thinking of making a vegetable . What kind of vegetable are you thinking about making ?
What kind of vegetable are you thinking about making ? Do you know what kind of vegetable you want to eat ?
Do you know what kind of vegetable you want to eat ? Why don't you make some corn ?
Why don't you make some corn ? How would you like the corn ?
How would you like the corn ? I don't understand what you mean .
I don't understand what you mean . Do you want it boiled , grilled , or microwaved ?
Do you want it boiled , grilled , or microwaved ? Why don't you grill it ?
Why don't you grill it ? That's how you want it ?
That's how you want it ? Yeah , that sounds delicious .
what shall we do after the volleyball match ? how about going to the Olympic souvenir store to have a look ? I remember there is one in the gym .
how about going to the Olympic souvenir store to have a look ? I remember there is one in the gym . that's a good idea . I was thinking of buying some gifts for my family .
that's a good idea . I was thinking of buying some gifts for my family . me , too . What did you have in mind ?
me , too . What did you have in mind ? I haven't decided yet , but I think the Olympic Mascots are a must .
I haven't decided yet , but I think the Olympic Mascots are a must . I agree . They're very lovely , especially " Huan Huan " .
I agree . They're very lovely , especially " Huan Huan " . is that the red one ? That is my favorite , too . Do you know how much they are ?
is that the red one ? That is my favorite , too . Do you know how much they are ? the five dolls are sold together as a set , and they're priced according to the size . The bigger they are the more expensive .
the five dolls are sold together as a set , and they're priced according to the size . The bigger they are the more expensive . oh , I see . If I buy more than a set , can I get any discount ?
oh , I see . If I buy more than a set , can I get any discount ? I don't think so . All the souvenirs of the Olympic Games are very hot right now .
I don't think so . All the souvenirs of the Olympic Games are very hot right now . any other ideas ?
any other ideas ? there are lots of things , such as postcards , key chains , posters and various arts and crafts .
Hi , I want to check out . Here is my room key . One second , sir , while I print out your receipt . Here you are .
One second , sir , while I print out your receipt . Here you are . Thanks .
Thanks . May I ask , sir , if you enjoyed your stay ?
May I ask , sir , if you enjoyed your stay ? Well , except for one night , I enjoyed the hotel . And I loved New York , of course .
Excuse me . What's the actual flight time from here to San Francisco ? It's about twelve hours .
It's about twelve hours . Can you tell me what time we're arriving ?
Can you tell me what time we're arriving ? Sure . Let me see ... at 6:15 a . m . local time .
Sure . Let me see ... at 6:15 a . m . local time . I see .
Could you tell me a little about the organization ? For example , how big is your workforce here ? Well in total we have around 150 employees based in Hong Kong with another 400 in our head office in Beijing . The news desk staff in Hong Kong comprises around 80 staff .
Well in total we have around 150 employees based in Hong Kong with another 400 in our head office in Beijing . The news desk staff in Hong Kong comprises around 80 staff . I see . And how about the working hours ?
I see . And how about the working hours ? Well , as you know Rebecca , in journalism work hours are not exactly nine to five . You could be on call at any time . We do have to work very unsociable hours at times .
Well , as you know Rebecca , in journalism work hours are not exactly nine to five . You could be on call at any time . We do have to work very unsociable hours at times . Well I am used to that , Mr . Parsons , so that ' s not really a shock for me .
Well I am used to that , Mr . Parsons , so that ' s not really a shock for me . Good , as long as you understand that .
Good , as long as you understand that . And when do you need to fill the vacancy , Mr . Parsons ?
And when do you need to fill the vacancy , Mr . Parsons ? Yesterday ! But no , we are hoping to start from the beginning of next month .
Wow , this is amazing . I'm glad we've come here . So cool . I always love skiing . You know , it's a cool game for cool people . Stay with me and you will be cool , too .
I always love skiing . You know , it's a cool game for cool people . Stay with me and you will be cool , too . Hey , look over there . It seems that there is something interesting going on . Let's go and have a look .
Hey , look over there . It seems that there is something interesting going on . Let's go and have a look . Sure . It's probably the skiing show . Adam told me there were many skiing clubs whose members put on shows to attract more visitors .
Sure . It's probably the skiing show . Adam told me there were many skiing clubs whose members put on shows to attract more visitors . See that . It's so dangerous . My mom would never allow me to do that .
See that . It's so dangerous . My mom would never allow me to do that . Hey , don't be so pathetic . It's a maximal sports show . What else can they do to attract more visitors ? Stop all this fuss and enjoy the show .
Hey , don't be so pathetic . It's a maximal sports show . What else can they do to attract more visitors ? Stop all this fuss and enjoy the show . You are right . But what if the avalanche happened ?
You are right . But what if the avalanche happened ? They are all very experienced and great skiers . So I suppose the chance for them to be buried by an avalanche is slim .
They are all very experienced and great skiers . So I suppose the chance for them to be buried by an avalanche is slim . Anyway , the show is breathtaking . By the way , where did they get so much snow in here ?
Anyway , the show is breathtaking . By the way , where did they get so much snow in here ? Don't you know that ? Are you kidding me ?
Don't you know that ? Are you kidding me ? Hey , not everyone is as lucky as you to have a father who is a scientist .
Hey , not everyone is as lucky as you to have a father who is a scientist . Sorry . Well , they have the most advanced snowmaking machine .
Sorry . Well , they have the most advanced snowmaking machine . Do you think the snowmaking may cause pollution ?
Do you think the snowmaking may cause pollution ? It's possible . But the boss here said they were doing whatever they can .
It's possible . But the boss here said they were doing whatever they can . It's a good thing . OK , let's go skiing .
Sandy , can you help me contact these people ? Sure , what do you want me to tell them ?
Sure , what do you want me to tell them ? Well , I need to confirm the time of their classes .
Well , I need to confirm the time of their classes . Ok , where can I find their telephone number ?
Ok , where can I find their telephone number ? They are all listed here on this sheet of paper .
They are all listed here on this sheet of paper . Is it their home , office or cell phone numbers ?
Is it their home , office or cell phone numbers ? Unless it ' s marked differently , it ' s their home numbers .
Unless it ' s marked differently , it ' s their home numbers . Alright . What if I can ' t get a hold of them by phone ?
Alright . What if I can ' t get a hold of them by phone ? Then , you should e-mail them with the information .
Then , you should e-mail them with the information . Where can I find their e-mail addresses ?
Where can I find their e-mail addresses ? They should have then listed on their resumes .
They should have then listed on their resumes . And if there aren ' t any e-mail addresses ?
And if there aren ' t any e-mail addresses ? Then send them a SMS on their cell phone .
Then send them a SMS on their cell phone . Ok . That sounds easy enough . Have you called any of them yet ?
Ok . That sounds easy enough . Have you called any of them yet ? Yes . I called the first three people on the list , but they didn ' t pick up .
Yes . I called the first three people on the list , but they didn ' t pick up . Did you leave a voice message ?
Did you leave a voice message ? I left a voice message on one---just for the first person on the list .
I left a voice message on one---just for the first person on the list . I see . What did you tell her ?
I see . What did you tell her ? I told her that she should call me back at my office number .
I told her that she should call me back at my office number . Ok , so , maybe I should call her again .
Ok , so , maybe I should call her again . Yes , that sounds like a good idea . She might not get the other message in time .
Yes , that sounds like a good idea . She might not get the other message in time . One more question . It looks like some of these numbers are long-distance . Do you have a calling card that I can use to get through to them ?
One more question . It looks like some of these numbers are long-distance . Do you have a calling card that I can use to get through to them ? Sure . You can use this one . The pin number is written on the back of the card .
Sure . You can use this one . The pin number is written on the back of the card . Alright . Thanks a lot . Don ' t worry . I ' ll take care of it .
Alright . Thanks a lot . Don ' t worry . I ' ll take care of it . Great work . I ' m off for the weekend ! See you on Monday .
What can I do for you , sir ? We'd like to order breakfast for tomorrow morning .
We'd like to order breakfast for tomorrow morning . Yes , sir . What would you like ?
Yes , sir . What would you like ? Orange juice , scrambled eggs , bacon , toast and coffee .
Orange juice , scrambled eggs , bacon , toast and coffee . OK , and when shall I bring it here ?
OK , and when shall I bring it here ? About seven thirty . By the way , could you also bring me tomorrow's papers ?
Hello . This is John ' s Distribution . Can I help you ? Yes . I need some ice water delivered .
Yes . I need some ice water delivered . Are you completely out ?
Are you completely out ? No , I have some , but not enough for the long weekend .
No , I have some , but not enough for the long weekend . Okay . I ' ll send someone to deliver it for you tomorrow .
Okay . I ' ll send someone to deliver it for you tomorrow . Thank you .
Hello , Parker . How's everything ? Can't complain . And you ?
Can't complain . And you ? Business is booming . I understand you want to meet up with me next week . How's your schedule look ?
Business is booming . I understand you want to meet up with me next week . How's your schedule look ? Let me see . I can come out and see you first thing Wednesday .
The buildings are really magnificent . Yes , millions of travelers come here every year for the view of the buildings .
Yes , millions of travelers come here every year for the view of the buildings . The journey is worth while . Where are we going after this ?
I'd like to taste some local dishes . What would you recommend ? That's fine . You must try this dish .
That's fine . You must try this dish . Could you tell me how this thing is cooked ?
Could you tell me how this thing is cooked ? It's fish steamed and served with our special sauce .
It's fish steamed and served with our special sauce . Is it good ?
Is it good ? Sure . It's a most popular dish .
Sure . It's a most popular dish . I think I'll try it , and give me some green salad together .
I think I'll try it , and give me some green salad together . We have two dressings for salad . Which one would you like ?
We have two dressings for salad . Which one would you like ? What kind do you have ?
What kind do you have ? We have French and Thousand Island .
What would you like to eat tonight ? I'm not sure , what about you ?
I'm not sure , what about you ? Do you think Kentucky fried chicken is good ?
Good afternoon , Lexington Software . Angelina Dawson , how can I help ? Hello , this is Quinn from IBA .
Hello , this is Quinn from IBA . Ah , hello Quinn . Oh dear , you are calling to tell me there is a problem , aren't you ?
Ah , hello Quinn . Oh dear , you are calling to tell me there is a problem , aren't you ? I'm afraid so , yes .
I'm afraid so , yes . Hmm ... well , it was my first attempt ! Is it a very big mistake , or can we just alter it ?
Hmm ... well , it was my first attempt ! Is it a very big mistake , or can we just alter it ? Unfortunately it's rather a big mistake .
Unfortunately it's rather a big mistake . What do you recommend we do ?
What do you recommend we do ? I would recommend we scrap this one and you bring in another set as soon as possible .
What qualifications should a reporter have ? As a reporter , he must have acute insight and language skills . At the same time , he must have good judgment , the respect for his job and tactical cooperation with others .
As a reporter , he must have acute insight and language skills . At the same time , he must have good judgment , the respect for his job and tactical cooperation with others . Can you work under pressure ? You know , people working here are all busy everyday since we're daily newspaper .
I need to use the ATM . What ' s stopping you ?
What ' s stopping you ? I ' m not sure how .
I ' m not sure how . I don ' t understand .
I don ' t understand . I ' Ve never used one before .
I ' Ve never used one before . I can help you figure it out .
I can help you figure it out . What do I have to do ?
What do I have to do ? Slide your card into the machine .
Slide your card into the machine . Then what ?
Then what ? You need to type your PIN in .
You need to type your PIN in . What do I have to do next ?
Hello , thank you for taking the time to interview me . Hi there , I ' m Bill Gotcha , the owner of Gotcha Enterprises . Did you find your way here OK ?
Hi there , I ' m Bill Gotcha , the owner of Gotcha Enterprises . Did you find your way here OK ? Your assistant gave wonderful directions .
Your assistant gave wonderful directions . Why are you switching jobs at this point in your career ?
Why are you switching jobs at this point in your career ? Our Company is moving overseas and I wish to stay in the United States .
Our Company is moving overseas and I wish to stay in the United States . What are you best at ?
What are you best at ? I am good at organizing systems that have been having problems .
I am good at organizing systems that have been having problems . What is your biggest challenge in terms of skills ?
What is your biggest challenge in terms of skills ? I don ' t like to sit around and so like to always find things to do to keep myself busy .
Mike's Mechanics . Can I help you ? Yes , how do I get to your shop from Chilin ?
Yes , how do I get to your shop from Chilin ? Go straight up Zhongshan Road and you will see our sign on your right , after you pass the museum .
Good morning , can I see your passport , please ? Here you are .
Here you are . For business or pleasure ?
For business or pleasure ? Business .
Can you tell me if there is a flight to New York ? Yes . Flight DB117 departs at 5:38 pm and arrives in New York at 6:00 am with a layover in Chicago . It also makes a refueling stop at Colombia .
Yes . Flight DB117 departs at 5:38 pm and arrives in New York at 6:00 am with a layover in Chicago . It also makes a refueling stop at Colombia . So many stops ! Don't you have any direct flights ?
May I come in , Mr Sun ? I ' d rather you didn ' t , Miss Yang . I ' m very busy now .
I ' d rather you didn ' t , Miss Yang . I ' m very busy now . Can I try later then ?
Can I try later then ? Yes , of course .
Yes , of course . Is it all right for me to come in now , Mr Sun ?
Is it all right for me to come in now , Mr Sun ? Well , uh ... I ' m still pretty busy , but ... all right . Come in . What can I do for you ?
Well , uh ... I ' m still pretty busy , but ... all right . Come in . What can I do for you ? Do you mind if I sit down ?
Do you mind if I sit down ? Not at all . Take a seat . Now what can I do for you ?
Not at all . Take a seat . Now what can I do for you ? I want to leave the department . Do you think I could put info a transfer ?
I want to leave the department . Do you think I could put info a transfer ? Yes . But why should you want to do that ?
Yes . But why should you want to do that ? Do you mind if I speak frankly ?
Do you mind if I speak frankly ? Not at all . Go ahead .
Not at all . Go ahead . Well . You see , I don ' t like the office . I don ' t like the staff . And I ' m afraid of you . And I don ' t want to go one . So may I put info a transfer ?
So what do you think of my new dress ? I think it ' s great ! I really like the color , and it goes really well with your eyes . I ' Ve actually been eyeing that dress at Maxine ' s for a while now , but I wasn ' t sure I could afford ninety-five dollars for a dress at the moment .
I think it ' s great ! I really like the color , and it goes really well with your eyes . I ' Ve actually been eyeing that dress at Maxine ' s for a while now , but I wasn ' t sure I could afford ninety-five dollars for a dress at the moment . Um , ninety-five dollars ?
Um , ninety-five dollars ? Yes , that ' s the price they were advertising it at . I was hoping it might go on sale soon . Why , how much did you pay for it ?
Yes , that ' s the price they were advertising it at . I was hoping it might go on sale soon . Why , how much did you pay for it ? I bought it for one hundred and forty-five dollars at Helen ' s Boutique . I didn ' t know I could get it cheaper somewhere else .
I bought it for one hundred and forty-five dollars at Helen ' s Boutique . I didn ' t know I could get it cheaper somewhere else . Of course ! Everything at Helen ' s is overpriced , and they sell things that you can find at almost every other clothing store ! Why didn ' t you shop around ?
I want to keep a pet , but I don't know which one to buy ? Dogs are nice , but they are really energetic , and you need to make sure they get enough exercise every day .
Dogs are nice , but they are really energetic , and you need to make sure they get enough exercise every day . Having a dog would probably be too much work for me , then .
Having a dog would probably be too much work for me , then . What about cats ? They are more independent .
What about cats ? They are more independent . Actually , I was thinking of something a little more exotic . I don't want a common pet like a dog or a cat .
Actually , I was thinking of something a little more exotic . I don't want a common pet like a dog or a cat . How about a lizard ? Are lizards more along the lines of what you were thinking of getting ?
How about a lizard ? Are lizards more along the lines of what you were thinking of getting ? Yeah , are they easy to look after ?
How much is it to rent an economy car ? $ 19 a day or $ 129 a week , unlimited mileage .
$ 19 a day or $ 129 a week , unlimited mileage . Could I have one for tomorrow morning ?
Could I have one for tomorrow morning ? Could I see your driver's license ?
Could I see your driver's license ? Sure here it is .
I am sure we will make it up as soon as possible . That's nice .
That's nice . We hope this matter will not affect our good relations in our future dealings .
Good afternoon . Can I help you ? I'd like to leave this bag with you .
I'd like to leave this bag with you . OK , sir . Is there anything valuable or breakable in it ?
OK , sir . Is there anything valuable or breakable in it ? Well ... there is a necklace in it .
Well ... there is a necklace in it . Would you mind taking the necklace with you , or leaving it at the safe deposit box ?
Would you mind taking the necklace with you , or leaving it at the safe deposit box ? Well , don't bother . I'll take it with me . Will that be all right ?
Well , don't bother . I'll take it with me . Will that be all right ? Thank you , sir . Here is your tag . This cloakroom is open till 11:00 p . m . , could you pick it up by then ?
Hello , this is Dunlin . May I speak to Mrs Smith ? This is Mrs Smith . Can I help you ?
This is Mrs Smith . Can I help you ? I am calling to say thank you for the interview yesterday .
I am calling to say thank you for the interview yesterday . You are welcome . I am very impressed by your capability .
You are welcome . I am very impressed by your capability . Is there anything I should do ?
Is there anything I should do ? No , nothing . It's thoughtful of you to call me again .
No , nothing . It's thoughtful of you to call me again . Thank you . Please call me at any time if you have any questions .
Thank you . Please call me at any time if you have any questions . Ok , I will . Do you have any question ?
Ok , I will . Do you have any question ? No , thank you . Goodbye .
Mom , what are we going to make tonight ? Curry and rice . What do you think ?
Curry and rice . What do you think ? That sounds nice . I can peel the potatoes first .
That sounds nice . I can peel the potatoes first . Really ! Oh , honey , you are so sweet . I'll chop up this carrot .
Really ! Oh , honey , you are so sweet . I'll chop up this carrot . Mom , the water is boiling !
Hi , Jeny . Are still working ? Hi , Nacy . Come in please . I'm just putting away on my books .
Hi , Nacy . Come in please . I'm just putting away on my books . So , you are leaving , aren't you ?
So , you are leaving , aren't you ? yes , I'm going to take a holiday tomorrow .
yes , I'm going to take a holiday tomorrow . How nice ! I can see you are busying packing . I'm sorry to interrupt you .
How nice ! I can see you are busying packing . I'm sorry to interrupt you . That's all right . I'm almost finished . Do you need my help ?
That's all right . I'm almost finished . Do you need my help ? Yes , could you please go over this for me ? and see if there is any mistake in it ?
Yes , could you please go over this for me ? and see if there is any mistake in it ? Oh . all right I'll read it soon .
Oh . all right I'll read it soon . Excuse me for taking your time .
I've been so tired recently . I've been trying , but I don't think I'm up to this job . You need to take a break , maybe a vacation .
You need to take a break , maybe a vacation . Oh , yes , indeed . I've run out of steam . To be honest , I want to be in a different environment .
Oh , yes , indeed . I've run out of steam . To be honest , I want to be in a different environment . Is that so ?
Is that so ? Yes , I don't want to be stuck in a rut . I want to move on .
Yes , I don't want to be stuck in a rut . I want to move on . Have you decided ?
Have you decided ? Yes . I want to get a better job .
Yes . I want to get a better job . Could you tell me why you want to quit ?
Could you tell me why you want to quit ? I quit just because of the dissatisfying salary and the trouble in getting along with my colleagues .
I quit just because of the dissatisfying salary and the trouble in getting along with my colleagues . Oh , that's terrible . Do you want to get a higher salary in our company ?
Oh , that's terrible . Do you want to get a higher salary in our company ? I'm afraid not . I've promised my girlfriend . We'll travel southwards to find a job that offers higher pay .
I'm afraid not . I've promised my girlfriend . We'll travel southwards to find a job that offers higher pay . OK , I'd like to say that I've really enjoyed working with you . However , I think you should work harder for your new job and then you can ask for higher pay .
OK , I'd like to say that I've really enjoyed working with you . However , I think you should work harder for your new job and then you can ask for higher pay . Thank you so much for your advice .
Thank you so much for your advice . And every best wish for your new job .
Good morning . Can I see Mr Jackson , please ? Well . Have you got his permission ?
Well . Have you got his permission ? Yes . We have an appointment at eight o ' clock .
Yes . We have an appointment at eight o ' clock . What ' s your name , please ?
Hello , may I speak to you for a few minutes ? About what ?
About what ? I want to speak to you about this year ' s election .
I want to speak to you about this year ' s election . Oh , really ?
Oh , really ? Yes , I am a volunteer for the campaign .
Yes , I am a volunteer for the campaign . I am very impressed .
I am very impressed . I feel that history is about to be made , and I want to be a part of it .
I feel that history is about to be made , and I want to be a part of it . That is very nice of you .
That is very nice of you . Will you be voting ?
Will you be voting ? Yes , I am going to vote .
Yes , I am going to vote . Make sure you make it to your polling place early on Election Day .
Hello , sir . I'm ready for you . Is it my turn ?
Is it my turn ? Yes , please sit on the chair . How do you want to have your hair cut ?
Yes , please sit on the chair . How do you want to have your hair cut ? Not too long . Cut a little off behind and on both sides , too .
Hi ! Do you want a fill-up ? Yes , please .
Yes , please . Which type of gas do you want ? Regular , Super , or Premium Unleaded ?
Which type of gas do you want ? Regular , Super , or Premium Unleaded ? What's the price difference ?
What's the price difference ? Regular is $ 1 . 15 , Super is $ 1 . 25 and Premium is $ 1 . 39 .
Regular is $ 1 . 15 , Super is $ 1 . 25 and Premium is $ 1 . 39 . Just fill it up with Regular , Unleaded , please .
Just fill it up with Regular , Unleaded , please . Do you want me to check the tires and the fluids ?
Hi , can I speak with the apartment manager , please ? Hello , this is the apartment manager speaking .
Hello , this is the apartment manager speaking . I'm calling about the apartment for rent on Main Street .
I'm calling about the apartment for rent on Main Street . Would you be interested in seeing the apartment ?
Would you be interested in seeing the apartment ? I would love to see it .
I would love to see it . Are you free today at around 6 p . m . ?
Are you free today at around 6 p . m . ? Yes , I will be able to make it then .
Yes , I will be able to make it then . Well , I'll see you at 6 p . m . Do you know how to get there ?
Well , I'll see you at 6 p . m . Do you know how to get there ? I used to live in that area .
I used to live in that area . I'll give you an application form when I see you .
I'll give you an application form when I see you . That sounds good . Do I need to bring anything ?
Are you a goal-oriented person ? Yes , I am . I always make a plan before I do anything .
Yes , I am . I always make a plan before I do anything . Where do you want to be in 5 years ?
Where do you want to be in 5 years ? I don't want to have a specific title . I just want to enjoy what I am doing .
I don't want to have a specific title . I just want to enjoy what I am doing . That sounds very reasonable .
That sounds very reasonable . It's the most important thing to me .
It's the most important thing to me . If you are hired , how long do you plan to stay with us ?
If you are hired , how long do you plan to stay with us ? That obviously depends on how things go - - whether I'm suited to the firm and the firm to me .
That obviously depends on how things go - - whether I'm suited to the firm and the firm to me . Tell me about some of your recent goals and what you do to achieve them .
Tell me about some of your recent goals and what you do to achieve them . I want to put my knowledge and experience to use in a challenging position . In order to achieve this goal , I just want to work step by step .
I want to put my knowledge and experience to use in a challenging position . In order to achieve this goal , I just want to work step by step . What is your long-range objective ?
What is your long-range objective ? I haven't thought it over at all .
I haven't thought it over at all . What do you think is the most important thing when looking for a job ?
Hello , how can I be of service ? Hello . I'm not sure who I need to speak to . I got this 50 yuan note today and it seems a little odd to me .
Hello . I'm not sure who I need to speak to . I got this 50 yuan note today and it seems a little odd to me . The first thing we do is check the feel of the paper ;d oes it feel too thick or too thin ? Then we check the watermark . In my opinion it is counterfeit . I'll just run it through the scanner to double check .
The first thing we do is check the feel of the paper ;d oes it feel too thick or too thin ? Then we check the watermark . In my opinion it is counterfeit . I'll just run it through the scanner to double check . What happens now ?
Ah , ah , ah ... All right , Bill . Here ' s your daily exercise schedule . You are to jog before breakfast .
All right , Bill . Here ' s your daily exercise schedule . You are to jog before breakfast . Jog ?
Jog ? Then , you are to walk to work .
Then , you are to walk to work . Walk ?
Walk ? Thirty minutes in gym at lunch time .
Thirty minutes in gym at lunch time . Oh no .
Oh no . Use the stairs , never the elevator .
Use the stairs , never the elevator . Oh , dear .
Oh , dear . And three times a week , you can either swim , play racketball , or hand ball .
And three times a week , you can either swim , play racketball , or hand ball . Oh no .
Oh no . OK , you can stop now . It ' s time for the dance class .
OK , you can stop now . It ' s time for the dance class . Dance class ! I don't know how .
Dance class ! I don't know how . You will .
Excuse me . When's the next bus ? The next bus will be here in four minutes .
The next bus will be here in four minutes . Oh , good . That'll be the number forty four ?
Oh , good . That'll be the number forty four ? No , it's the number fifty-eight .
No , it's the number fifty-eight . So when's the next forty-four ? Will it be here soon ?
So when's the next forty-four ? Will it be here soon ? No , it won't .
No , it won't . So when will it be here then ?
So when will it be here then ? Never .
Never . Never ?
I would like to buy some local handcrafts as gifts to my friends and relatives . There are many stores selling handcrafts in Paris . Our store is wellknown for vase , table wear and jewelry boxes . You can take your time and choose whatever you like .
There are many stores selling handcrafts in Paris . Our store is wellknown for vase , table wear and jewelry boxes . You can take your time and choose whatever you like . Well , the tapestry is delicate and beautiful .
Well , the tapestry is delicate and beautiful . You have made an excellent choice , it is our newcomer . The tapestry is on hot sell with the design and quality . The design on it is traditional Paris architecture .
You have made an excellent choice , it is our newcomer . The tapestry is on hot sell with the design and quality . The design on it is traditional Paris architecture . How much is it ?
How much is it ? 100 frances .
100 frances . Mmm , it is reasonable . Look at this set of table wear , it is so beautiful !
Mmm , it is reasonable . Look at this set of table wear , it is so beautiful ! We have a piece of table clothing to go with it . It is a brocade one with pretty stars .
We have a piece of table clothing to go with it . It is a brocade one with pretty stars . This silver vase is a good ornament for the living room .
This silver vase is a good ornament for the living room . You are right .
You are right . I will take the tapestry , the set of table wear and the vase .
I will take the tapestry , the set of table wear and the vase . OK . Do you like these candles ? They are on sale now .
I hope you can help . I've got a bit of a problem with your ATM . Of course , that's my job . Oh , dear . What's happened ?
Of course , that's my job . Oh , dear . What's happened ? Well , it's eaten my card ! It won't give it back !
Well , it's eaten my card ! It won't give it back ! I see ... calm down , don't worry . May I ask what were you doing when it took your card ?
I see ... calm down , don't worry . May I ask what were you doing when it took your card ? Yes . I was only entering my PIN . I'm terrible at remembering it , I'm so forgetful , you see .
Yes . I was only entering my PIN . I'm terrible at remembering it , I'm so forgetful , you see . Mmmm ... and exactly how many times did you enter it , please ?
Mmmm ... and exactly how many times did you enter it , please ? Maybe three times . As I said , I always forget it .
Maybe three times . As I said , I always forget it . Ah ! Don't worry ; it's just a security measure . If someone uses a card and cannot get the right PIN after three attempts , the bank keeps the card in case it's stolen . Just contact the bank and we'll get it back to you .
Ah ! Don't worry ; it's just a security measure . If someone uses a card and cannot get the right PIN after three attempts , the bank keeps the card in case it's stolen . Just contact the bank and we'll get it back to you . Oh , I see . So if I call my branch they can sort everything out for me ?
Oh , I see . So if I call my branch they can sort everything out for me ? Yes , they'll be happy to help . Believe me , it happens to many people .
Mike , you're seventeen years old , right ? Yeah , Why ?
Yeah , Why ? You look quite mature beside your cousin who is eighteen .
Francis , you have done an outstanding work in the past six months . In view of your achievement , I trust you ' re now indispensable part of our company and you deserve an officer director title . I am so happy to know that I could make some contribution to our company .
I am so happy to know that I could make some contribution to our company . This title does not only give you a raising pay-check , but also increase responsibilities . Congratulations , and hope the best for you .
Hey , Jim , you're 15 minutes late . What's up ? I got stuck in a traffic jam .
I got stuck in a traffic jam . Hurry up , the show is about to start .
Hurry up , the show is about to start . It looks like you're very interested in the circus .
It looks like you're very interested in the circus . Yes , I love to see the animal show .
Yes , I love to see the animal show . I have never seen those before , but since you're so excited it should be good .
I have never seen those before , but since you're so excited it should be good . I'm sure you'll love it .
Is the factory fully-automated ? Not completely . Our production process is partially-automated . We use robots on the production line for routine assembly jobs but some of the work is still done manually .
Not completely . Our production process is partially-automated . We use robots on the production line for routine assembly jobs but some of the work is still done manually . What about supply of parts to the production line ?
What about supply of parts to the production line ? Well , the parts are automatically selected from the store room using a bar-code system . And there is an automatic feeder which takes them to the conveyor belt at the start of the production line .
Well , the parts are automatically selected from the store room using a bar-code system . And there is an automatic feeder which takes them to the conveyor belt at the start of the production line . What about the smaller components ?
How much does it cost for a bus pass ? It'll be $ 65 for a monthly pass .
It'll be $ 65 for a monthly pass . Is there anything cheaper than that ?
Is there anything cheaper than that ? If you're in school , you can get a student pass .
If you're in school , you can get a student pass . Well , I am how much will that cost ?
Well , I am how much will that cost ? The pass is free .
The pass is free . I don't have to pay for anything ?
I don't have to pay for anything ? You'll only have to pay for the monthly sticker .
You'll only have to pay for the monthly sticker . How much is the monthly sticker ?
How much is the monthly sticker ? It's $ 24 for each month .
It's $ 24 for each month . I'll take the student bus pass .
How come it is slow as a snail today ? You mean the network connection ?
You mean the network connection ? Yes , I wanted to look for some information on the company page just now . It took me almost one minute to open it . Then there is no response for any click .
Yes , I wanted to look for some information on the company page just now . It took me almost one minute to open it . Then there is no response for any click . I have the same question . I can ' t send out mails . We ' d better call the IT department and ask them to check it immediately .
OK , let's find somebody then . Good . I'll take care of it .
Good . I'll take care of it . Wait a second , Vince . You know what ? Why don't you let me handle it ?
Wait a second , Vince . You know what ? Why don't you let me handle it ? Are you sure ? Do you have somebody in mind ?
Are you sure ? Do you have somebody in mind ? Yeah . Let me see if he'll do it , and I'll get back to you .
Yeah . Let me see if he'll do it , and I'll get back to you . OK . Just keep in mind it has to be somebody who can get along with Elvin .
We need a person who knows how to operate and repair all kinds of office appliances . I used to hold a similar job for six years .
I used to hold a similar job for six years . So you're quite confident in your experience and skill
Are you planning on voting ? Yes . Are you ?
Yes . Are you ? I will be voting tomorrow .
I will be voting tomorrow . What ' s your polling place ?
What ' s your polling place ? My polling place is at the park up the street .
My polling place is at the park up the street . Oh , yeah ?
Oh , yeah ? Yeah , where is yours ?
Yeah , where is yours ? I don ' t know .
I don ' t know . How is it you don ' t know ?
How is it you don ' t know ? The location of my polling place never came in the mail .
The location of my polling place never came in the mail . You can always just check online .
I have a reservation for a single with bath . We are sorry , but single rooms have been occupied .
We are sorry , but single rooms have been occupied . What's the room rate ? It is a little expensive for me , do you have any other rooms ?
What's the room rate ? It is a little expensive for me , do you have any other rooms ? Then how about this room , with just shower ?
Then how about this room , with just shower ? May I see the room ? I ' ll take this room . Is the rate for the room only ?
I'm broke , and I have to catch another bus . Why don't you have any money for another bus ?
Why don't you have any money for another bus ? I got hungry and bought some chips .
I got hungry and bought some chips . That was smart .
That was smart . Anyway , do you have any change I can use for the bus ?
Anyway , do you have any change I can use for the bus ? I don't have any .
I don't have any . I don't know how I'm going to get home .
I don't know how I'm going to get home . Get a transfer from the bus driver .
Get a transfer from the bus driver . How much is a transfer ?
How much is a transfer ? It doesn't cost anything .
It doesn't cost anything . That's great ! Thanks for your help .
Are you going home now ? No , I'm not .
No , I'm not . What are you going to do ? Are you going to work late ?
What are you going to do ? Are you going to work late ? No , I'm not . I'm going to look for an apartment .
No , I'm not . I'm going to look for an apartment . An apartment ? Why ?
An apartment ? Why ? I'm going to try to find a place near the office .
I'm going to try to find a place near the office . Where are you living now ?
Where are you living now ? Out in the suburbs . It's a long trip to work every day .
Out in the suburbs . It's a long trip to work every day . How are you going to find an apartment ?
How are you going to find an apartment ? I'm going to buy a newspaper and check the classified ads .
I'm going to buy a newspaper and check the classified ads . Apartments in the city are expensive .
I like these shoes . Do you realize that all these shoes are half off ?
Do you realize that all these shoes are half off ? Really ?
Excuse me , can I have an earphone please ? Sure , but you have to pay $ 3 for it .
Sure , but you have to pay $ 3 for it . OK . Here you are .
OK . Here you are . Well , ou can't hear music until takeoff .
Good afternoon . This is Michelle Li speaking , calling on behalf of IBA . Is Mr Meng available at all ? This is Mr Meng speaking , Michelle .
This is Mr Meng speaking , Michelle . Oh , hello ! Sorry about that . I'm just calling to say that we've received your new Corporate Credit Card from HQ .
Oh , hello ! Sorry about that . I'm just calling to say that we've received your new Corporate Credit Card from HQ . That was quick ! I wasn't expecting it until later this week .
That was quick ! I wasn't expecting it until later this week . Yes , our application procedures have speeded up since we started using the new fast-track system .
Yes , our application procedures have speeded up since we started using the new fast-track system . Shall I come in and collect it ?
Shall I come in and collect it ? Or we can send it to you . But if you would like to use it at the ATM , you'll need to wait for your PIN number .
Or we can send it to you . But if you would like to use it at the ATM , you'll need to wait for your PIN number . Mmmm ... if I come in and collect it this afternoon , is there any way I could use it today ? Petty cash is getting low , so I need to draw some money .
Mmmm ... if I come in and collect it this afternoon , is there any way I could use it today ? Petty cash is getting low , so I need to draw some money . As long as you bring your ID , etc , we can serve you over the counter . But you won't be able to use the ATM until your new PIN number arrives .
I ' Ve come to hear about your offer for bristles . We have the offer ready for you . Let me see ... here it is . 100 cases Houston Bristles , 57 mm , at 10 pounds sterling per kilogram , C . I . F European Main Ports , for shipment in June 2001 . The offer is valid for five days .
We have the offer ready for you . Let me see ... here it is . 100 cases Houston Bristles , 57 mm , at 10 pounds sterling per kilogram , C . I . F European Main Ports , for shipment in June 2001 . The offer is valid for five days . Why , your price has soared . It ' s almost 25 % higher than last year ' s . It would be impossible for us to push any sales at such a price .
Why , your price has soared . It ' s almost 25 % higher than last year ' s . It would be impossible for us to push any sales at such a price . I ' m a little surprised to hear you say that . You know very well that markets for bristles have gone up a great deal in recent months . The price we offer compares favorably with quotations you can get elsewhere .
I ' m a little surprised to hear you say that . You know very well that markets for bristles have gone up a great deal in recent months . The price we offer compares favorably with quotations you can get elsewhere . I ' m afraid I can ' t agree with you there . I must point out your price is higher than some of the quotations we ' Ve received from other sources .
I ' m afraid I can ' t agree with you there . I must point out your price is higher than some of the quotations we ' Ve received from other sources . But you must take the quality into consideration . Everyone in the trade knows that US ' s bristles are of superior quality to those from other countries .
But you must take the quality into consideration . Everyone in the trade knows that US ' s bristles are of superior quality to those from other countries . I agree that yours are of better quality . But there ' s competition from synthetic products , too . You can ' t very well ignore that . Prices for synthetic bristles haven ' t changed much over the years .
I agree that yours are of better quality . But there ' s competition from synthetic products , too . You can ' t very well ignore that . Prices for synthetic bristles haven ' t changed much over the years . There ' s practically no substitute for bristles for certain uses . That ' s why demand for natural bristles keeps rising in spite of cheaper synthetic ones . To be frank with you , if it were not for the long - standing relationship between us , we would hardly be willing to make you a firm offer at this price .
It was nice talking to you . Why are you trying to rush me off the phone ?
Why are you trying to rush me off the phone ? I really have to go .
I really have to go . Why ? I still wanted to talk to you .
Why ? I still wanted to talk to you . I have things to do .
I have things to do . Like what ?
Like what ? Don't be nosey .
Don't be nosey . I'm not . I just want to know .
I'm not . I just want to know . Well , it's really none of your business .
Well , it's really none of your business . That's harsh .
That's harsh . I'm sorry , but I have to go .
Good afternoon . My goodness ! It ' s the afternoon ? Doesn ' t the time fly ! Do come in and sit down .
My goodness ! It ' s the afternoon ? Doesn ' t the time fly ! Do come in and sit down . Thank you .
Thank you . What ' s the time ? My watch has stopped .
What ' s the time ? My watch has stopped . It ' s half past twelve .
It ' s half past twelve . When do you have lunch ?
When do you have lunch ? From one to two .
From one to two . What do you normally eat ?
What do you normally eat ? We usually go to the cafeteria .
We usually go to the cafeteria . Oh , it ' s time to have lunch now .
Good morning everyone . Thank you for attending the meeting today . I'm sure you all have a copy of the agenda . So let's get started with the first issue . We're here today to present to you the results of our marketing research regarding the consumer behavior .
We're here today to present to you the results of our marketing research regarding the consumer behavior . I would like to begin by introducing our foreign guests to our stuff on your left ( right ) , we have Mr . Brown , who is Vice President of Sales . Next to him is Ms . Arts , Director of Marketing for the Atlas Company . In the back row is Dr . Barolo , who is visiting from Italy . Thank you all for coming .
I am sorry , but I cannot stay for the rest of class today . Why do you need to leave early ?
Why do you need to leave early ? I don ' t feel so good .
I don ' t feel so good . What doesn ' t feel right ?
What doesn ' t feel right ? I feel as if I am going to be sick to my stomach .
I feel as if I am going to be sick to my stomach . Perhaps you should get checked out at the Student Health Center before you go home .
Perhaps you should get checked out at the Student Health Center before you go home . I have some medicine at home that I could take .
I have some medicine at home that I could take . Are you going to be OK to drive home , or would you like someone to go with you ?
Are you going to be OK to drive home , or would you like someone to go with you ? Thank you , but my friend is in the library , and he can give me a ride home .
I would like to take a trip to the beach this weekend . A trip to the beach would be fun . How is the weather going to be ?
A trip to the beach would be fun . How is the weather going to be ? The forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend .
The forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend . So do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach ?
So do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach ? It sounds like it will be .
It sounds like it will be . I really hope it doesn't get cold .
I really hope it doesn't get cold . That would ruin things , I want to go so badly .
That would ruin things , I want to go so badly . The weather in California is unpredictable , so you never know .
The weather in California is unpredictable , so you never know . That is true . The weather is constantly changing .
That is true . The weather is constantly changing . It would be nice if the weather would never change .
It would be nice if the weather would never change . That would be great , then we could plan things sooner .
Do you believe in god ? Not at all . I ' m an agnostic . do you ?
Not at all . I ' m an agnostic . do you ? I ' m not sure . Why don ' t you believe there is a god ?
I ' m not sure . Why don ' t you believe there is a god ? I think everything has a scientific explanation rather than a theological one .
I think everything has a scientific explanation rather than a theological one . I basically believe in science over theology . I mean , I believe in evolution for example . However , there are many things that science hasn ' t explained yet .
I basically believe in science over theology . I mean , I believe in evolution for example . However , there are many things that science hasn ' t explained yet . I ' m sure that science will explain everything eventually . I think that the strangest thing about religion is that so many religions people act in ways that their religion claims are wrong .
I ' m sure that science will explain everything eventually . I think that the strangest thing about religion is that so many religions people act in ways that their religion claims are wrong . For example ?
For example ? Religions preach tolerance , but many wars are caused by intolerant religious fanatics .
Welcome to IBA . Can I help you ? Yes , please . I'm here for an International Settlement . Our company has to effect payment , and it needs to be done today . Here's the advice slip for the payment .
Yes , please . I'm here for an International Settlement . Our company has to effect payment , and it needs to be done today . Here's the advice slip for the payment . Thanks . I'm sorry to say that you need to get this stamped . There is no stamp on this slip and it is essential before I can process it for you .
Thanks . I'm sorry to say that you need to get this stamped . There is no stamp on this slip and it is essential before I can process it for you . I see . So , I need to stamp it . And sign it too ?
I see . So , I need to stamp it . And sign it too ? Yes , that's right . Down here , at the bottom right hand corner to show that you agree to pay the printed amount .
I'm in 507 . I have a few problems with my room . What is that problem , sir ?
What is that problem , sir ? There are cockroaches in my room .
There are cockroaches in my room . Are you sure , sir ? Flies I could believe , but cockroaches ?
Are you sure , sir ? Flies I could believe , but cockroaches ? I've counted nine different cockroaches , and I accidentally stepped on another one .
I've counted nine different cockroaches , and I accidentally stepped on another one . Sir , we run a spotless and cockroach-less hotel .
Sir , we run a spotless and cockroach-less hotel . You dare to doubt me ?
Daddy , are you going to the park with us this weekend ? Honey , I have a lot of work to do .
Honey , I have a lot of work to do . So you can't go with us , right ?
So you can't go with us , right ? No .
No . Daddy , you always arrange your schedule so tight on weekdays . You should have a rest on weekends .
Daddy , you always arrange your schedule so tight on weekdays . You should have a rest on weekends . What park do you want to go to ?
What park do you want to go to ? Daniel wants to go to the aquarium . While Mom wants to visit the Summer Palace .
Daniel wants to go to the aquarium . While Mom wants to visit the Summer Palace . Haven't we been these places already ?
Haven't we been these places already ? Yeah . I don't agree with them , but I don't have a better choice .
Yeah . I don't agree with them , but I don't have a better choice . What about the Olympic park ?
What about the Olympic park ? Right , ah . It is so close to our home . How come we've never thought of that ?
Right , ah . It is so close to our home . How come we've never thought of that ? The Olympic Park has a small forest . It is fit for picnic .
Excuse me . Can I open a postal savings account in your office ? Of course . What kind of postal savings account do you want to open ?
Of course . What kind of postal savings account do you want to open ? Hum .. Can you recommend me one with high interest ?
Hum .. Can you recommend me one with high interest ? OK . We offer a few different kinds of postal saving services . They have different interest rates .
OK . We offer a few different kinds of postal saving services . They have different interest rates . I want the one with the highest interest rate .
I want the one with the highest interest rate . That would be our Savers Plus account . You must pay 10 000 yuan into your deposit account . In this way you can get 5 % dividend at the end of the year .
That would be our Savers Plus account . You must pay 10 000 yuan into your deposit account . In this way you can get 5 % dividend at the end of the year . All right . I'II open this one .
All right . I'II open this one . Just fill out these forms , and I ' ll be with you in one second .
Thank you for organizing this great baby shower for me ! I ' Ve always been to baby showers but never actually had one held for me ! Let ' s get started ! Ok , let ' s start opening some presents !
Ok , let ' s start opening some presents ! Oh look ! What a great little bib for the baby ! This will definitely come in handy ! Oh wow , you also got me a stroller ! That ' s so great ! Thank you !
Oh look ! What a great little bib for the baby ! This will definitely come in handy ! Oh wow , you also got me a stroller ! That ' s so great ! Thank you ! This next one is from Betty .
This next one is from Betty . A highchair and car seat ! Wow Betty , thank you so much ! I really appreciate it !
A highchair and car seat ! Wow Betty , thank you so much ! I really appreciate it ! One more from Carla .
One more from Carla . A playpen and crib ! Thanks Carla ! This is just what I needed !
A playpen and crib ! Thanks Carla ! This is just what I needed ! OK , that ' s all of them . No more gifts . Now who wants to guess when the baby is due ?
Ahhs ! I'm beat ! What happened to you ? You look like you got hit by a tornado !
What happened to you ? You look like you got hit by a tornado ! I just got back from fighting the crowds .
I just got back from fighting the crowds . You mean at the mall ? Was there a sale ?
You mean at the mall ? Was there a sale ? Yeah . For five minutes , everything was half off . It was total chaos ...
Yeah . For five minutes , everything was half off . It was total chaos ... Cool !
Hi , I am afraid that the fax machine in my room won ' t be working till tomorrow . A technician has just come and checked it . He will bring me a new one tomorrow . It seems there is a big problem with mine and it will take some days for repairing . Can I use the one in your office ? Of course you can . I am sure this one works very well . I just sent dozens of pages . How many pages are you sending ? Are you familiar with my fax machine ?
Of course you can . I am sure this one works very well . I just sent dozens of pages . How many pages are you sending ? Are you familiar with my fax machine ? Yes , I think you have the same model as I have . Does your fax machine print out immediately a transmission protocol ?
I'm calling about our appointment . I can't call on you this evening . My wife is terribly ill . Sorry to hear that .
Sorry to hear that . How about next week ?
I like to open up a savings account please . O . K . We offer a few different kinds .
O . K . We offer a few different kinds . I want the one with the highest interest rate .
I want the one with the highest interest rate . That would be our Saver's Plus account .
That would be our Saver's Plus account . 4 . 5 % , that's good . How much money do I have to keep in it to get that rate ?
4 . 5 % , that's good . How much money do I have to keep in it to get that rate ? You have to maintain a balance of $ 10,000 in the account or the rate drops to 3 % .
You have to maintain a balance of $ 10,000 in the account or the rate drops to 3 % . All right . I ' ll open one of those .
All right . I ' ll open one of those . Just fill out these forms , and I ' ll be with you in one second .
That China-gown of Tang-Dynasty style is so beautiful . Would you show it to me , please ? Absolutely . Here it is .
Absolutely . Here it is . Could I try it on ?
Could I try it on ? Please do , the fitting-room is over there .
Please do , the fitting-room is over there . It feels a little tight around the waist . Do you have a bigger one ?
It feels a little tight around the waist . Do you have a bigger one ? I'm sorry . We don't have this color in your size . We have some green ones in your size . Would you please have a look at this green one ?
I'm sorry . We don't have this color in your size . We have some green ones in your size . Would you please have a look at this green one ? OK . How much does it cost ?
Hello , could I speak to Allison , please ? I'm sorry , he's out at the moment .
I'm sorry , he's out at the moment . When do you expect him back ?
When do you expect him back ? I think he'll be back in about an hour at least .
I think he'll be back in about an hour at least . Well , may I leave a message ?
Well , may I leave a message ? Yes , of course .
Yes , of course . Would you please ask him to call Chris when he gets back ?
Would you please ask him to call Chris when he gets back ? Ok . Does he know your number ?
Ok . Does he know your number ? I'm afraid he doesn't . My mobile is 139- 2477 - 4026 .
Come in , Arnold . Have a seat . Good morning .
Good morning . Would you like something to drink ?
Would you like something to drink ? No , thank you . I just had two cups of coffee at my desk .
No , thank you . I just had two cups of coffee at my desk . So , you're a serious coffee drinker .
So , you're a serious coffee drinker . Yes , it keeps me going . Sometimes I think I'm addicted .
Yes , it keeps me going . Sometimes I think I'm addicted . Well , coffee isn't such a bad thing . Everyone has to have something . For me , it's cigars . Are you a cigar smoker ?
Well , coffee isn't such a bad thing . Everyone has to have something . For me , it's cigars . Are you a cigar smoker ? No , I've tried them . But I'm not really a smoker .
No , I've tried them . But I'm not really a smoker . Well , what would you like to talk to me about ?
Well , what would you like to talk to me about ? I wanted to set up this meeting with you to discuss a little proposal .
I wanted to set up this meeting with you to discuss a little proposal . I'm glad when people have new ideas around here . Tell me about it .
I'm glad when people have new ideas around here . Tell me about it . It is about the staff meetings . You know how we have a staff meeting every Tuesday .
It is about the staff meetings . You know how we have a staff meeting every Tuesday . Yes .
Yes . Well , I have been thinking about it . And I believe we could do things more efficiently here .
Well , I have been thinking about it . And I believe we could do things more efficiently here . What do you suggest ?
What do you suggest ? The way it is now , the staff from all four branches get together once a week . We meet for one hour . But I think a lot of time is wasted in transportation .
The way it is now , the staff from all four branches get together once a week . We meet for one hour . But I think a lot of time is wasted in transportation . You mean because people have to go across town to get here .
You mean because people have to go across town to get here . Yes . Some people spend half of the morning on the road .
Yes . Some people spend half of the morning on the road . That's true . But our staff meetings are very important , Arnold . I don't know how we can function without them .
That's true . But our staff meetings are very important , Arnold . I don't know how we can function without them . I think they are important too . That ' s why I want people to have a better attitude about them .
I think they are important too . That ' s why I want people to have a better attitude about them . I know a lot of people think the meetings aren't too useful . I'm aware of that .
I know a lot of people think the meetings aren't too useful . I'm aware of that . Here's what I propose . I think we should meet once every two weeks , but meet for ninety minutes or more .
Here's what I propose . I think we should meet once every two weeks , but meet for ninety minutes or more . Well .
Well . I also think the meetings should be more focused . And I would be willing to take responsibility for that .
I also think the meetings should be more focused . And I would be willing to take responsibility for that . You mean you want to run the meetings ?
You mean you want to run the meetings ? No , not really run them . But I could help organize them . I could discuss meeting topics with you , and then prepare a schedule for each meeting . I could then send an e-mail to all the staff to explain the coming meeting . This way the meetings would become more focused , and people would prepare better .
No , not really run them . But I could help organize them . I could discuss meeting topics with you , and then prepare a schedule for each meeting . I could then send an e-mail to all the staff to explain the coming meeting . This way the meetings would become more focused , and people would prepare better . Hmm . But we would meet every two weeks .
Hmm . But we would meet every two weeks . I really think it would work . The meetings could be longer , and better organized .
I really think it would work . The meetings could be longer , and better organized . I am not against the idea , Arnold . It may really be more efficient , as you say . I'll tell you what we can do . Why don't we try your proposal for a month , and see how it works .
I am not against the idea , Arnold . It may really be more efficient , as you say . I'll tell you what we can do . Why don't we try your proposal for a month , and see how it works . Excellent . I would be happy to get started on it .
Good morning , Madam . What can I do for you ? Can you show me some traditional Chinese arts and crafts ?
Can you show me some traditional Chinese arts and crafts ? Maybe sandalwood fan is good .
Maybe sandalwood fan is good . Would you show me some ?
Would you show me some ? Of course .
Of course . They really smell fragrant . How much is a real sandalwood fan ?
They really smell fragrant . How much is a real sandalwood fan ? The small ones are one hundred yuan for each . And the big ones are two hundred and thirty yuan .
The small ones are one hundred yuan for each . And the big ones are two hundred and thirty yuan . I'll take two small ones and a big one .
I'll take two small ones and a big one . What else are you interested in ?
What else are you interested in ? I'm afraid not .
Hello . I want to send the computer to my sister in Shanghai by logistics transport . OK . Is it in the box ? May I see it ?
OK . Is it in the box ? May I see it ? Yes . This is the computer and this is the keyboard and the monitor .
Yes . This is the computer and this is the keyboard and the monitor . Is there anything else ?
Is there anything else ? There are a mouse and a camera .
There are a mouse and a camera . Is that all ?
Is that all ? Yes . How much is it to send these things to Shanghai by regular delivery ?
Yes . How much is it to send these things to Shanghai by regular delivery ? It depends on the weight of these things . Generally speaking , we will charge you ten yuan for one kilogram .
It depends on the weight of these things . Generally speaking , we will charge you ten yuan for one kilogram . I see . Can you weigh them for me , please ?
I see . Can you weigh them for me , please ? Please go over there to weigh them .
You want to argue your ticket today ? Yes . That is why I'm here .
Yes . That is why I'm here . Tell me your argument .
Tell me your argument . I was pulled over for allegedly speeding .
I was pulled over for allegedly speeding . Are you sure you weren't speeding ?
Are you sure you weren't speeding ? To be honest , I really wasn't .
To be honest , I really wasn't . What speed were you going ?
What speed were you going ? I was under the speed limit . I was going 35 , when the speed limit was 40 .
I was under the speed limit . I was going 35 , when the speed limit was 40 . I'm just going to let you go , since the arresting officer isn't here .
I'm just going to let you go , since the arresting officer isn't here . What about my ticket ? Do I still need to pay ?
What about my ticket ? Do I still need to pay ? Don't worry about it .
Has your son started school yet , Tom ? Next week , it ' s going to be quite a shock for him !
Next week , it ' s going to be quite a shock for him ! He ' ll get used to it . They always do . I still remember when my daughter started . Are you going with him on his first day ?
I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there ' s something wrong with the fax machine . What ' s wrong with the fax machine ? Is it urgent ?
What ' s wrong with the fax machine ? Is it urgent ? Yes , very urgent . And there is no other fax machine around . And the office of our boss is closed , so I can not use his machine either . And his secretary is out . Do you have any suggestion ?
Taxi ! Where will you go , sir ?
Where will you go , sir ? Friendship Hotel .
Friendship Hotel . OK , it's not far from here .
OK , it's not far from here . I have something important to do , can you fast the speed ?
I have something important to do , can you fast the speed ? Sure , I'll try my best . Here we are .
Sure , I'll try my best . Here we are . How much should I pay you ?
How much should I pay you ? The reading on the meter is 15 yuan .
The reading on the meter is 15 yuan . Here's 20 yuan , keep the change .
what do you think about the public service advertisement for quiting smoking ? while I think it's great that they're trying to get people to quit smoking , but I don't really care for the advertisement .
while I think it's great that they're trying to get people to quit smoking , but I don't really care for the advertisement . why not ?
why not ? the fish hook that they use is quite disturbing !
the fish hook that they use is quite disturbing ! it's a pun . They use the fish hook to make you think about how you can get hooked on smoking .
it's a pun . They use the fish hook to make you think about how you can get hooked on smoking . I know , but I think it's not really appropriate for young children .
I know , but I think it's not really appropriate for young children . I think they're trying to scare the young people so that they don't ever start smoking .
I think they're trying to scare the young people so that they don't ever start smoking . all advertisers like to catch young people because they know the meaning of loyalty .
all advertisers like to catch young people because they know the meaning of loyalty . perhaps you're right , , though . Maybe the advertisement would be more effective with adults anyhow .
perhaps you're right , , though . Maybe the advertisement would be more effective with adults anyhow . I have nothing against them putting the advertisements in magazines and newspapers that are read by adults , but I don't think they should have their ad on billboards where children can see them .
I have nothing against them putting the advertisements in magazines and newspapers that are read by adults , but I don't think they should have their ad on billboards where children can see them . that's a good point . I think I was so delighted to see that a billboard was being used to promote health that I didn't think about how children might understand the ad .
I saw a vacancy board outside for assistant . Has the vacancy been filled ? Not yet . But do you have any experience as an assistant ?
Not yet . But do you have any experience as an assistant ? Yes . I have a lot of experience in that . I have worked for the sales company as an assistant since finishing my university .
Janice , I can't find the document I was working on last month . Can you help me to look for it ? Susan , I'm sorry . Did you look up those files I requested ?
Susan , I'm sorry . Did you look up those files I requested ? Yes , but I still can not find it . Maybe it is in this cabinet .
Yes , but I still can not find it . Maybe it is in this cabinet . I couldn't find the files you request , even though I checked all the cross-references . I don't think it's there .
I couldn't find the files you request , even though I checked all the cross-references . I don't think it's there . I am sure that document was filed .
I am sure that document was filed . Well , let me check again under a different heading .
Well , let me check again under a different heading . Good idea ! It seems that I asked you to put it in Nova's files .
Excuse me , but could you tell me the way to the railway station ? The railway station ? Just go down this street and turn left at the second corner . The station is at the end of that street .
The railway station ? Just go down this street and turn left at the second corner . The station is at the end of that street . How long will it take me to get there ?
How long will it take me to get there ? It's about a ten-minute walk .
It's about a ten-minute walk . That's very clear . I think I can find my way now . Thank you .
Good morning ! May I help you ? Yes . My wife and I are interested in renting a house for the summer .
Yes . My wife and I are interested in renting a house for the summer . Do you want a furnished house or an unfurnished one ?
Do you want a furnished house or an unfurnished one ? Furnished .
Furnished . Very well . How long do you want the house ? All summer ?
Very well . How long do you want the house ? All summer ? No , not all summer . Just for six weeks .
No , not all summer . Just for six weeks . I'm afraid I can only rent it for two months .
I'm afraid I can only rent it for two months . My holiday is only six weeks , but I think my brother and his family would take it for the other two weeks . Is the house in good condition ?
I have been very busy this year , working late , often taking work home and taking no vacation . I feel exhausted . You should ask for a holiday and relax yourself for a little bit . You worked so hard .
Our new production control program's going live on Monday . The old and the new programs will operate in tandem for four to six weeks . That should give us time to iron out any little problems . Hope it all goes well . We're very busy at the moment and certainly don't want any problems at this time of year .
I see there are some workmen on the site . When is the building work due to start ? Well , it'll take three weeks to demolish the old building and clear away the debris . We should be ready to start the construction work in week 23 .
Well , it'll take three weeks to demolish the old building and clear away the debris . We should be ready to start the construction work in week 23 . How long will the sub contractors be on site ?
How long will the sub contractors be on site ? About ten weeks in total if everything goes according to plan .
I see myself as being honest , diligent , persevering and creative . And I have a strong sense of responsibility . How about your psychological resilience ? I think I can work well under pressure , if necessary .
How about your psychological resilience ? I think I can work well under pressure , if necessary . How would you deal with those who are not easy to get along with ?
I think I can work well under pressure , if necessary . How would you deal with those who are not easy to get along with ? I will just be sincere and friendly to others , and I believe they will treat me the same way .
How would you deal with those who are not easy to get along with ? I will just be sincere and friendly to others , and I believe they will treat me the same way . You seem to be a kind-hearted lady .
I will just be sincere and friendly to others , and I believe they will treat me the same way . You seem to be a kind-hearted lady . Thank you . I simply believe the goodness of human nature .
You seem to be a kind-hearted lady . Thank you . I simply believe the goodness of human nature . Please tell me your weaknesses if you can .
I am dropping off my prescription to get it filled . You can come back in twenty minutes , and it will be ready . If I couldn ' t wait , could the prescription be mailed to me ?
You can come back in twenty minutes , and it will be ready . If I couldn ' t wait , could the prescription be mailed to me ? Yes , you can have it delivered or filled at any location in our HMO .
If I couldn ' t wait , could the prescription be mailed to me ? Yes , you can have it delivered or filled at any location in our HMO . When should I take this medication ?
Yes , you can have it delivered or filled at any location in our HMO . When should I take this medication ? You need to take it at bedtime .
When should I take this medication ? You need to take it at bedtime . Should I take this medicine on an empty stomach ?
You need to take it at bedtime . Should I take this medicine on an empty stomach ? Don ' t mix alcohol with this medication , but you can take it with or without food .
Should I take this medicine on an empty stomach ? Don ' t mix alcohol with this medication , but you can take it with or without food . What are the side effects of this medication ?
Dear , can you drive me to the clinic ? I'm afraid I can't . Why ?
I'm afraid I can't . Why ? Well , my car won't start . I don't know what's the matter with it .
Why ? Well , my car won't start . I don't know what's the matter with it . Could it be the battery ?
Well , my car won't start . I don't know what's the matter with it . Could it be the battery ? No , I don't think it could be . I checked the battery two days ago . It must be other problems .
Could it be the battery ? No , I don't think it could be . I checked the battery two days ago . It must be other problems . Well , I suppose it could be the gas .
No , I don't think it could be . I checked the battery two days ago . It must be other problems . Well , I suppose it could be the gas . No , there is plenty of gas . I filled it up yesterday .
Well , I suppose it could be the gas . No , there is plenty of gas . I filled it up yesterday . Perhaps it's the starter then ?
Hey , Mary . We're back . Have you eaten yet ? I had some bread for breakfast . Let's go out for brunch .
I had some bread for breakfast . Let's go out for brunch . Brunch ?
Let's go out for brunch . Brunch ? It is a meal that combines breakfast and lunch . On Sundays , many Americans sleep late and go out for brunch . Those who go to church without having breakfast have brunch also .
Can you give me a hand with some things in the kitchen ? I don ' t think I can finish everything in time . Ok , what do you want me to do ? First of all , I need you to do the drying up . I ' m almost finished the washing up . I ' m going to clean the cooker when I finish .
Ok , what do you want me to do ? First of all , I need you to do the drying up . I ' m almost finished the washing up . I ' m going to clean the cooker when I finish . Ok . I ' ll put the plates and cutlery away as I dry them . Where is the tea towel ? Oh , here it is .
First of all , I need you to do the drying up . I ' m almost finished the washing up . I ' m going to clean the cooker when I finish . Ok . I ' ll put the plates and cutlery away as I dry them . Where is the tea towel ? Oh , here it is . We ' ll have this finished in no time with two if us working on it .
Ok . I ' ll put the plates and cutlery away as I dry them . Where is the tea towel ? Oh , here it is . We ' ll have this finished in no time with two if us working on it . While you ' re cleaning the cooker , I ' ll wipe the worktop . That was a great meat , by the way .
We ' ll have this finished in no time with two if us working on it . While you ' re cleaning the cooker , I ' ll wipe the worktop . That was a great meat , by the way . Actually , it was just some leftovers from yesterday . I made far too much food to eat alone . I am glad you could come over to help me finish it .
While you ' re cleaning the cooker , I ' ll wipe the worktop . That was a great meat , by the way . Actually , it was just some leftovers from yesterday . I made far too much food to eat alone . I am glad you could come over to help me finish it . My pleasure ! This tea towel ' s a little ragged . Do you have another one ?
Actually , it was just some leftovers from yesterday . I made far too much food to eat alone . I am glad you could come over to help me finish it . My pleasure ! This tea towel ' s a little ragged . Do you have another one ? Yes . Look in that drawer . I should throw the old one out .
Good morning , sir . May I help you ? Yes , I'd like to settle my bill . Certainly sir . May I have your room key , please ?
Yes , I'd like to settle my bill . Certainly sir . May I have your room key , please ? Sure . Here you are .
Certainly sir . May I have your room key , please ? Sure . Here you are . Just a moment , please . I'll draw up your bill for you ... Thank you for waiting , sir . Your bill totals two thousand six hundred and fifty-eight yuan , including the phone and laundry .
Sure . Here you are . Just a moment , please . I'll draw up your bill for you ... Thank you for waiting , sir . Your bill totals two thousand six hundred and fifty-eight yuan , including the phone and laundry . That much ! Would you mind letting me have a look at it ?
Just a moment , please . I'll draw up your bill for you ... Thank you for waiting , sir . Your bill totals two thousand six hundred and fifty-eight yuan , including the phone and laundry . That much ! Would you mind letting me have a look at it ? Not at all , sir . Here you are .
That much ! Would you mind letting me have a look at it ? Not at all , sir . Here you are . Thanks . Well , It seems to be right . How much is that in dollars , please ?
Not at all , sir . Here you are . Thanks . Well , It seems to be right . How much is that in dollars , please ? Just a moment , sir . I'll calculate that for you . It comes to 305 dollars and 52 cents at today's exchange rate .
Thanks . Well , It seems to be right . How much is that in dollars , please ? Just a moment , sir . I'll calculate that for you . It comes to 305 dollars and 52 cents at today's exchange rate . I see . OK .
Just a moment , sir . I'll calculate that for you . It comes to 305 dollars and 52 cents at today's exchange rate . I see . OK . How would you like to make the payment ?
I see . OK . How would you like to make the payment ? In cash , please . Here you are .
How would you like to make the payment ? In cash , please . Here you are . Thank you , sir ... Here is your change . Could you check it , please ? Thank you for choosing our hotel . I hope you enjoyed your stay .
In cash , please . Here you are . Thank you , sir ... Here is your change . Could you check it , please ? Thank you for choosing our hotel . I hope you enjoyed your stay . By the way , please forward my mail to this address .
Could you project what you would like to be doing five years from now ? As I have some administrative experience from my last job , I may use my organizational and planning skills in the future . How do you plan to accomplish this ?
As I have some administrative experience from my last job , I may use my organizational and planning skills in the future . How do you plan to accomplish this ? By doing everything necessary and for further study .
How do you plan to accomplish this ? By doing everything necessary and for further study . How long would you like to stay with this company ?
By doing everything necessary and for further study . How long would you like to stay with this company ? How long I will stay with the company depends on whether the company and I are satisfied with each other .
How long would you like to stay with this company ? How long I will stay with the company depends on whether the company and I are satisfied with each other . What do you think of this industry's outlook in five years ?
Can you tell me where it hurts ? I am so glad they called you . It feels like something is really wrong with my stomach ! Does it hurt when I push here ?
I am so glad they called you . It feels like something is really wrong with my stomach ! Does it hurt when I push here ? It ' s mostly on my right side . Right here !
Does it hurt when I push here ? It ' s mostly on my right side . Right here ! Have you been feeling this way for awhile ?
It ' s mostly on my right side . Right here ! Have you been feeling this way for awhile ? I started feeling kind of sick last night after dinner , but this morning the pain got really bad !
Have you been feeling this way for awhile ? I started feeling kind of sick last night after dinner , but this morning the pain got really bad ! Have you eaten anything unusual lately ?
I started feeling kind of sick last night after dinner , but this morning the pain got really bad ! Have you eaten anything unusual lately ? No , not that I remember .
Have you eaten anything unusual lately ? No , not that I remember . We are going to take you to an emergency room right now .
Thank god you are open ! I have an emergency ! Hello , Mr . Henderson what can I do for you ? I need this dress and this suit dry cleaned ASAP !
Hello , Mr . Henderson what can I do for you ? I need this dress and this suit dry cleaned ASAP ! OK , I can have it ready by the end of the week .
I need this dress and this suit dry cleaned ASAP ! OK , I can have it ready by the end of the week . No , you don ' t understand , I need this tomorrow morning ! I accidentally spilled beer all over my wife ' s dress and we have a wedding to attend tomorrow ! She ' s gonna kill me !
OK , I can have it ready by the end of the week . No , you don ' t understand , I need this tomorrow morning ! I accidentally spilled beer all over my wife ' s dress and we have a wedding to attend tomorrow ! She ' s gonna kill me ! OK , I can have it ready tomorrow afternoon , but this suit is also very stained . I can ' t guarantee we can remove it completely .
No , you don ' t understand , I need this tomorrow morning ! I accidentally spilled beer all over my wife ' s dress and we have a wedding to attend tomorrow ! She ' s gonna kill me ! OK , I can have it ready tomorrow afternoon , but this suit is also very stained . I can ' t guarantee we can remove it completely . Fine ! Can you also iron and starch this shirt ?
OK , I can have it ready tomorrow afternoon , but this suit is also very stained . I can ' t guarantee we can remove it completely . Fine ! Can you also iron and starch this shirt ? Certainly .
Good coming , sir . What can I do for you ? Good coming . I would like to open a new account . I want to deposit 500 dollars . Very good , sir . What kind would you like ?
Good coming . I would like to open a new account . I want to deposit 500 dollars . Very good , sir . What kind would you like ? Could you tell me how many kinds there are in your bank ?
Very good , sir . What kind would you like ? Could you tell me how many kinds there are in your bank ? Besides the checking account , there's a monthly savings account and a daily interest account .
Could you tell me how many kinds there are in your bank ? Besides the checking account , there's a monthly savings account and a daily interest account . Oh , I think I'd like to take the monthly savings account then .
Besides the checking account , there's a monthly savings account and a daily interest account . Oh , I think I'd like to take the monthly savings account then . Would you fill out this form ?
Oh , I think I'd like to take the monthly savings account then . Would you fill out this form ? OK . Here you are .
Would you fill out this form ? OK . Here you are . All right . And here's your deposit book .
OK . Here you are . All right . And here's your deposit book . Thank you . Goodbye .
Let's have a look at the map first . All right . Wukesong stop is quite a few stops from here . Let's buy some tickets .
All right . Wukesong stop is quite a few stops from here . Let's buy some tickets . The train is coming . There are a lot of people waiting here . let's stand in a better position to get on the train
Let's buy some tickets . The train is coming . There are a lot of people waiting here . let's stand in a better position to get on the train Well , it's not as crowded as we expected , is it ?
Good morning . May I help you ? Yes . I'm looking for an apartment , I'd like two bedrooms . All right . Have a seat , please . Let me ask you a few questions . First of all , may I have your name , please ?
Yes . I'm looking for an apartment , I'd like two bedrooms . All right . Have a seat , please . Let me ask you a few questions . First of all , may I have your name , please ? My name's Donald Eakins .
All right . Have a seat , please . Let me ask you a few questions . First of all , may I have your name , please ? My name's Donald Eakins . How do you spell your last name , Mr . Eakins .
My name's Donald Eakins . How do you spell your last name , Mr . Eakins . It's E-A-K-I-N-S .
How do you spell your last name , Mr . Eakins . It's E-A-K-I-N-S . E-A-K-I-N-S . First name , Donald . And what's your present address , Mr . Eakins ?
It's E-A-K-I-N-S . E-A-K-I-N-S . First name , Donald . And what's your present address , Mr . Eakins ? It's 1446 Pine Street .
E-A-K-I-N-S . First name , Donald . And what's your present address , Mr . Eakins ? It's 1446 Pine Street . 1446 Pine . That's in San Francisco , isn't it ?
I'd like to extend my visa for another two years . Are you on a tourist visa or a student visa ? Student visa .
Are you on a tourist visa or a student visa ? Student visa . What is the reason for extension ?
Student visa . What is the reason for extension ? I'll go into a practical training as soon as I receive my Master ' s degree from the University of Pennsylvania early next month .
Lisa , is there a milk section ? No , there's no such section . The dairy section is where you'll find milk and cheese . What's Condiments ?
No , there's no such section . The dairy section is where you'll find milk and cheese . What's Condiments ? That's where you'll find things like salt and pepper .
What's Condiments ? That's where you'll find things like salt and pepper . Oh , I see .
That's where you'll find things like salt and pepper . Oh , I see . Let's go to aisle 4 to pick up some pasta for tonight .
Oh , I see . Let's go to aisle 4 to pick up some pasta for tonight . Great ! Pasta for dinner .
Let's go to aisle 4 to pick up some pasta for tonight . Great ! Pasta for dinner . And let's get a loaf of bread at the bakery for breakfast .
Great ! Pasta for dinner . And let's get a loaf of bread at the bakery for breakfast . Maybe we should get a shopping cart .
Have you seen the sales report for last quarter ? Who do you think is our digest threat ? From the numbers , it seems like Forest Inc . is our digest competitor ... Le'Ban and Markford are also major contenders in our market . Le'Ban is the new kid on the block , it's amazing they've had such tremendous success so soon ... With them on the scene , the competition is outthrough .
From the numbers , it seems like Forest Inc . is our digest competitor ... Le'Ban and Markford are also major contenders in our market . Le'Ban is the new kid on the block , it's amazing they've had such tremendous success so soon ... With them on the scene , the competition is outthrough . here's information about our competitor's recent market activities ...
Le'Ban is the new kid on the block , it's amazing they've had such tremendous success so soon ... With them on the scene , the competition is outthrough . here's information about our competitor's recent market activities ... Thanks , this will be a big help in putting together next quarter's marketing strategies . With competition this intense , we'll have to step up production even more . We need a price we can compete with .
here's information about our competitor's recent market activities ... Thanks , this will be a big help in putting together next quarter's marketing strategies . With competition this intense , we'll have to step up production even more . We need a price we can compete with . We're in a very competitive environment . It's sink or saimin this market .
morning . Rent-A-Car Agency . May I help you ? Good morning . This is Paul Alexander calling from the Isis Advertising Firm . We need a car to the airport for Mr . Phillips . Certainly , Mr . Alexander . When would Mr . Phillips like to leave ?
We want to order some of these products . Mr . Thomas , this is a standard size . Can you supply us right away ?
Mr . Thomas , this is a standard size . Can you supply us right away ? Yes , we have plenty on hand right now .
Can you supply us right away ? Yes , we have plenty on hand right now . Good , we'll take 500 suits .
Are there any vacancies still available ? Yes . We need a plumber here . I am looking for a job that is more advanced than that , such as sales manager or regional manager .
Hello . Excuse me . Yes . Can I help you ? Do you remember me ? I just had lunch here a half hour ago .
Yes . Can I help you ? Do you remember me ? I just had lunch here a half hour ago . Of course I remember you .
Do you remember me ? I just had lunch here a half hour ago . Of course I remember you . I think I lost my wallet here .
Of course I remember you . I think I lost my wallet here . Oh , no . Really ? I didn't see anything .
I think I lost my wallet here . Oh , no . Really ? I didn't see anything . Really ? You didn't find a wallet ?
Oh , no . Really ? I didn't see anything . Really ? You didn't find a wallet ? No , I didn't . Would you like to go look by the table with me ?
Really ? You didn't find a wallet ? No , I didn't . Would you like to go look by the table with me ? Yes , I would . It's not here . And it's not on the floor . Has anyone sat at this table since we left ?
No , I didn't . Would you like to go look by the table with me ? Yes , I would . It's not here . And it's not on the floor . Has anyone sat at this table since we left ? No . It's been empty the whole time .
Yes , I would . It's not here . And it's not on the floor . Has anyone sat at this table since we left ? No . It's been empty the whole time . Hmm . I don't know how it could have happened .
No . It's been empty the whole time . Hmm . I don't know how it could have happened . I remember , sir , that your friend took the bill . You didn't pay for the lunch yourself , did you ?
Hmm . I don't know how it could have happened . I remember , sir , that your friend took the bill . You didn't pay for the lunch yourself , did you ? No . My friend did .
I remember , sir , that your friend took the bill . You didn't pay for the lunch yourself , did you ? No . My friend did . Then are you sure you took your wallet out of your pocket while you were here ?
No . My friend did . Then are you sure you took your wallet out of your pocket while you were here ? No , I'm not sure . But I usually take out my wallet when I sit down . It ' s uncomfortable to sit on it . So I usually put it next to me on the table .
Then are you sure you took your wallet out of your pocket while you were here ? No , I'm not sure . But I usually take out my wallet when I sit down . It ' s uncomfortable to sit on it . So I usually put it next to me on the table . Maybe you lost it before you came here . Or maybe you left it at home .
No , I'm not sure . But I usually take out my wallet when I sit down . It ' s uncomfortable to sit on it . So I usually put it next to me on the table . Maybe you lost it before you came here . Or maybe you left it at home . I don't think it's at home . I think I had it when I left the house . But what should I do ?
Maybe you lost it before you came here . Or maybe you left it at home . I don't think it's at home . I think I had it when I left the house . But what should I do ? Well , the first thing you should do is make sure it's not at home . Then , if it isn't , you need to call your credit card companies and cancel your cards . Next , you need to replace whatever you lost , your driver's license , things like that .
I don't think it's at home . I think I had it when I left the house . But what should I do ? Well , the first thing you should do is make sure it's not at home . Then , if it isn't , you need to call your credit card companies and cancel your cards . Next , you need to replace whatever you lost , your driver's license , things like that . Should I call the police ?
Well , the first thing you should do is make sure it's not at home . Then , if it isn't , you need to call your credit card companies and cancel your cards . Next , you need to replace whatever you lost , your driver's license , things like that . Should I call the police ? You can if you want . But the police usually don't do anything about lost wallets .
Should I call the police ? You can if you want . But the police usually don't do anything about lost wallets . Hmm . I'll go home and check . Maybe you're right . Maybe it's at home .
You can if you want . But the police usually don't do anything about lost wallets . Hmm . I'll go home and check . Maybe you're right . Maybe it's at home . I'm sorry we couldn't find it , sir .
Can I help you , Miss ? I would like to order 2 office-style cabinets and desk calendars . We want office-style cabinets in white . The catalogue number is 90 - f - 2356 . How soon do you want it ?
I would like to order 2 office-style cabinets and desk calendars . We want office-style cabinets in white . The catalogue number is 90 - f - 2356 . How soon do you want it ? Could you deliver it tomorrow ?
How soon do you want it ? Could you deliver it tomorrow ? No problem .
Could you deliver it tomorrow ? No problem . Please handle the items carefully .
No problem . Please handle the items carefully . Certainly .
Do you want to know what really motivates Vince to be nice to me ? OK . What ? It isn't gratitude . It's fear . Vince is afraid I'll jump to a competitor .
OK . What ? It isn't gratitude . It's fear . Vince is afraid I'll jump to a competitor . You wouldn't do that . Would you ?
It isn't gratitude . It's fear . Vince is afraid I'll jump to a competitor . You wouldn't do that . Would you ? I might . Vince knows he needs to keep me happy .
Excuse me , but I'm not feeling too well . I think I'm going to throw up . There's an airsickness bag behind the seat that's in front of you . I must've missed it .
There's an airsickness bag behind the seat that's in front of you . I must've missed it . Is this your first time flying ?
I must've missed it . Is this your first time flying ? Yes . I'm going to San Francisco .
Is this your first time flying ? Yes . I'm going to San Francisco . Oh , it's a beautiful city . I think you'll like it .
Yes . I'm going to San Francisco . Oh , it's a beautiful city . I think you'll like it . Hey , I'm feeling much better already .
Oh , it's a beautiful city . I think you'll like it . Hey , I'm feeling much better already . Sometimes if you don't think about it , that sick feeling will go away on its own .
Hey , I'm feeling much better already . Sometimes if you don't think about it , that sick feeling will go away on its own . Thanks . By the way , my name is Mary .
Good morning , Miss . Good morning . Could you tell me where I can find the Clothing Department ? On the left of the elevator of the 3rd floor .
Good morning . Could you tell me where I can find the Clothing Department ? On the left of the elevator of the 3rd floor . I ' d like to buy a woolen vest for my grandpa .
On the left of the elevator of the 3rd floor . I ' d like to buy a woolen vest for my grandpa . I ' m sure you can find your favorite there .
I ' d like to buy a woolen vest for my grandpa . I ' m sure you can find your favorite there . Thank you very much .
Would you like to come by and play bridge ? Well , let's see . Why don't we go dancing for a change ? We haven't done that for a long time . Well , to tell the truth , I don't really feel like it tonight . I had a pretty hard day and I'm sort of tired .
Well , let's see . Why don't we go dancing for a change ? We haven't done that for a long time . Well , to tell the truth , I don't really feel like it tonight . I had a pretty hard day and I'm sort of tired . Hmm . Well , in that case , we could go to the movies .
Well , to tell the truth , I don't really feel like it tonight . I had a pretty hard day and I'm sort of tired . Hmm . Well , in that case , we could go to the movies . Oh , we always go to the movies . Can't we do something different ?
Hmm . Well , in that case , we could go to the movies . Oh , we always go to the movies . Can't we do something different ? Well , do you have any suggestions ?
Oh , we always go to the movies . Can't we do something different ? Well , do you have any suggestions ? Let's see . How do you feel about playing bridge ?
Well , do you have any suggestions ? Let's see . How do you feel about playing bridge ? It's OK with me , but we don't have any beer and things .
Let's see . How do you feel about playing bridge ? It's OK with me , but we don't have any beer and things . Well , shall I call Janet and ask her and Tom to come over , and I'll go to the store and buy some stuff .
It's OK with me , but we don't have any beer and things . Well , shall I call Janet and ask her and Tom to come over , and I'll go to the store and buy some stuff . OK .
Hello , Steven . How do you get along with your job ? Actually , I learn many things from it . I find that I am a quick learner in new things . Practice makes perfect . By the way , what do you learn from your job ?
Actually , I learn many things from it . I find that I am a quick learner in new things . Practice makes perfect . By the way , what do you learn from your job ? At first I didn't know anything about the machine . Now I know how to operate it . Besides , the work gives me a sense of fulfillment and achievement .
Practice makes perfect . By the way , what do you learn from your job ? At first I didn't know anything about the machine . Now I know how to operate it . Besides , the work gives me a sense of fulfillment and achievement . Yeah , you are a good learner . I must commend you for your good performance .
At first I didn't know anything about the machine . Now I know how to operate it . Besides , the work gives me a sense of fulfillment and achievement . Yeah , you are a good learner . I must commend you for your good performance . Thank you . That's a long way to go for my job .
Yeah , you are a good learner . I must commend you for your good performance . Thank you . That's a long way to go for my job . I appreciate your effort very much . The coffee break is over ; it's about time we set to work .
Excuse me . I've been waiting for my main dish for quite a time . Yes , sir . Just a minute , please , I'll check with the kitchen . Thank you for waiting . It takes another ten to fifteen minutes , I'm afraid .
Yes , sir . Just a minute , please , I'll check with the kitchen . Thank you for waiting . It takes another ten to fifteen minutes , I'm afraid . We have an appointment in half an hour .
Thank you for waiting . It takes another ten to fifteen minutes , I'm afraid . We have an appointment in half an hour . I see .
We have an appointment in half an hour . I see . Do you have anything else I can have instead ?
I see . Do you have anything else I can have instead ? Well , yes . How about beef stew ? We can serve you at once .
Excuse me , but could you tell me the way to the railway station ? The railway station ? Just go down this street and turn left at the second corner . The station is at the end of that street . How long will it take me to get there ?
The railway station ? Just go down this street and turn left at the second corner . The station is at the end of that street . How long will it take me to get there ? It's about a ten-minute walk .
How long will it take me to get there ? It's about a ten-minute walk . That's very clear . I think I can find my way now . Thank you .
How beautiful the flower is ! Really , it's so beautiful . You like it . Well , I'll gather in for you .
Really , it's so beautiful . You like it . Well , I'll gather in for you . You mustn't pick it in this place .
You like it . Well , I'll gather in for you . You mustn't pick it in this place . Where it is ?
Good morning , sir . Is there a bank near here ? There is one . 5 blocks away from here ? Well , that's too far . Can you change some money for me ?
There is one . 5 blocks away from here ? Well , that's too far . Can you change some money for me ? Surely , of course . What kind of currency have you got ?
Well , that's too far . Can you change some money for me ? Surely , of course . What kind of currency have you got ? RIB .
Surely , of course . What kind of currency have you got ? RIB . How much would you like to change ?
Well , Mr . Smith . That's a nasty infection you have . Yes . Is there anything you can give me to get rid of it , doctor ? I'm going to prescribe some antibiotics and some cream to ease the itching and burning .
Yes . Is there anything you can give me to get rid of it , doctor ? I'm going to prescribe some antibiotics and some cream to ease the itching and burning . Ok , thank you ! Where should I buy them ?
I'm going to prescribe some antibiotics and some cream to ease the itching and burning . Ok , thank you ! Where should I buy them ? The pharmacy will give you a discount since you came to the clinic .
Ok , thank you ! Where should I buy them ? The pharmacy will give you a discount since you came to the clinic . Great ! What floor is pharmacy on ?
The pharmacy will give you a discount since you came to the clinic . Great ! What floor is pharmacy on ? The fourth . I'll send the prescription down there so you can just pick it up on your way out .
Please put your baggage on the counter and open it , let me have a look . Yes , sir . Please examine it . Anything subject to duty in your suitcase ?
Yes , sir . Please examine it . Anything subject to duty in your suitcase ? No , sir . Nothing except my personal belongings , such as clothes , notebooks and some gifts .
Anything subject to duty in your suitcase ? No , sir . Nothing except my personal belongings , such as clothes , notebooks and some gifts . Any cigarettes or liquor ?
No , sir . Nothing except my personal belongings , such as clothes , notebooks and some gifts . Any cigarettes or liquor ? I have cigarettes for my own use .
Any cigarettes or liquor ? I have cigarettes for my own use . I think you'll have to pay some duty on these cigarettes because they exceed the quota . And this article is liable for duty .
I have cigarettes for my own use . I think you'll have to pay some duty on these cigarettes because they exceed the quota . And this article is liable for duty . How much duty should I pay ?
I think you'll have to pay some duty on these cigarettes because they exceed the quota . And this article is liable for duty . How much duty should I pay ? One hundred dollars .
How much duty should I pay ? One hundred dollars . Here is the money .
One hundred dollars . Here is the money . Just a moment . I'll make out your duty memo . ( Writing and giving the memo to Mr . Green ) Take it and pay the girl over there .
Comfort Inn , may I help you ? I ' m looking for a hotel near the convention center . You ' re in luck ! We ' re just a two-minute drive from there . Would you like to make a reservation ?
I ' m looking for a hotel near the convention center . You ' re in luck ! We ' re just a two-minute drive from there . Would you like to make a reservation ? Not just yet . I have one or two questions . How much for a single ?
You ' re in luck ! We ' re just a two-minute drive from there . Would you like to make a reservation ? Not just yet . I have one or two questions . How much for a single ? During the peak season , a single room goes for 50 dollars on a night . But we ' Ve got a Single Super Saver Special going on right now -- only $ 30 a night . And we ' Ve also extended our checkout time 00 in
Not just yet . I have one or two questions . How much for a single ? During the peak season , a single room goes for 50 dollars on a night . But we ' Ve got a Single Super Saver Special going on right now -- only $ 30 a night . And we ' Ve also extended our checkout time 00 in That ' s a good deal . Since this is a working trip , I wonder if you have meeting rooms where I can get together with some clients .
During the peak season , a single room goes for 50 dollars on a night . But we ' Ve got a Single Super Saver Special going on right now -- only $ 30 a night . And we ' Ve also extended our checkout time 00 in That ' s a good deal . Since this is a working trip , I wonder if you have meeting rooms where I can get together with some clients . Yes , we have five meeting rooms , of various sizes . We can accommodate large meetings and small , informal gatherings as well . Of course , if you have many small meeting , you might consider checking
That ' s a good deal . Since this is a working trip , I wonder if you have meeting rooms where I can get together with some clients . Yes , we have five meeting rooms , of various sizes . We can accommodate large meetings and small , informal gatherings as well . Of course , if you have many small meeting , you might consider checking That sounds great . Do you accept checks ?
What ' s up ? I guess there is some kind of virus seeking into my computer , I can ' t send out this e-mail . Do you have the number of the text port ? Do you mind I have a look at your computer ?
I guess there is some kind of virus seeking into my computer , I can ' t send out this e-mail . Do you have the number of the text port ? Do you mind I have a look at your computer ? Of course not , I appreciate that .
Do you mind I have a look at your computer ? Of course not , I appreciate that . Well , it has nothing to do with virus . The problem is your attachment is a bit larger . It has exceeded the e-mail capacity .
Of course not , I appreciate that . Well , it has nothing to do with virus . The problem is your attachment is a bit larger . It has exceeded the e-mail capacity . I see . What can I do now ?
Hi , I'm George . I'll be your waiter this evening . Are you ready to order or do you need a few more minutes ? I'm ready now . I'd like the roast chicken and a side order of corn . And would you like an appetizer before your meal ? The soup of the day is our delicious tomato soup .
I'm ready now . I'd like the roast chicken and a side order of corn . And would you like an appetizer before your meal ? The soup of the day is our delicious tomato soup . I'll pass on the soup , but I'd like a garden salad .
And would you like an appetizer before your meal ? The soup of the day is our delicious tomato soup . I'll pass on the soup , but I'd like a garden salad . Can I get you anything to drink ?
I'll pass on the soup , but I'd like a garden salad . Can I get you anything to drink ? Yes , I'd like a glass of iced tea .
Can I get you anything to drink ? Yes , I'd like a glass of iced tea . Okay . I'll be back in a minute with your drink and salad .
Hello ? Hi , Deborah ! This is John . I'm calling from Australia . What are you doing in Australia ?
Hi , Deborah ! This is John . I'm calling from Australia . What are you doing in Australia ? I'm attending a conference in Sydney this week . Remember ?
What are you doing in Australia ? I'm attending a conference in Sydney this week . Remember ? Oh , right . What time is it there ?
I'm attending a conference in Sydney this week . Remember ? Oh , right . What time is it there ? It's 10:00 P . M . And it's four o'clock in Los Angeles , right ?
Oh , right . What time is it there ? It's 10:00 P . M . And it's four o'clock in Los Angeles , right ? Yes - four o'clock in the morning .
It's 10:00 P . M . And it's four o'clock in Los Angeles , right ? Yes - four o'clock in the morning . 4:00 A . M . ? I'm really sorry .
Oh , damn . There ' s another traffic jam on the highway . How can there be a traffic jam on a 16 - lane highway every day ? There are just too many people , and too many cars .
How can there be a traffic jam on a 16 - lane highway every day ? There are just too many people , and too many cars . I wonder if there was an accident .
There are just too many people , and too many cars . I wonder if there was an accident . No , they just said it too many people were trying to get off at the Capitol exits .
I wonder if there was an accident . No , they just said it too many people were trying to get off at the Capitol exits . Well , let ' s put on some music . We ' re going to be stuck in this for a while .
No , they just said it too many people were trying to get off at the Capitol exits . Well , let ' s put on some music . We ' re going to be stuck in this for a while . All right , what do you want to listen to ?
Well , let ' s put on some music . We ' re going to be stuck in this for a while . All right , what do you want to listen to ? How about some Beatles ?
Here is the document you asked for this morning . Oh , you are so efficient . I thought you might give it to me tomorrow . Thanks . You ' re welcome . You know , these days I have been reflecting on my biggest weakness procrastination . The more I think about it , the more I hate myself for being so disorganized . I decided to change the situation as soon as possible . Otherwise I will be more regretful later .
Oh , you are so efficient . I thought you might give it to me tomorrow . Thanks . You ' re welcome . You know , these days I have been reflecting on my biggest weakness procrastination . The more I think about it , the more I hate myself for being so disorganized . I decided to change the situation as soon as possible . Otherwise I will be more regretful later . This is encouraging news , good for you ! What is your solution , then ?
You ' re welcome . You know , these days I have been reflecting on my biggest weakness procrastination . The more I think about it , the more I hate myself for being so disorganized . I decided to change the situation as soon as possible . Otherwise I will be more regretful later . This is encouraging news , good for you ! What is your solution , then ? The most useful method is to make plans and set priorities . It helps me to manage time well and get the most important things done at the first place .
Well , Peter , you have to do better than that next time , won ' t you ? Have I really got to do those exams again , Dad ? Of course , you have . You must try harder this time .
Have I really got to do those exams again , Dad ? Of course , you have . You must try harder this time . And must I go back to school ?
Of course , you have . You must try harder this time . And must I go back to school ? No , you needn ' t do that . You ' d better get a part-time job somewhere and go to evening classes .
And must I go back to school ? No , you needn ' t do that . You ' d better get a part-time job somewhere and go to evening classes . But Dad , I should be working full-time at my age . I ' m nearly 17 .
No , you needn ' t do that . You ' d better get a part-time job somewhere and go to evening classes . But Dad , I should be working full-time at my age . I ' m nearly 17 . You ought to have worked harder then you wouldn ' t have failed your exams . You have to take a job and study .
But Dad , I should be working full-time at my age . I ' m nearly 17 . You ought to have worked harder then you wouldn ' t have failed your exams . You have to take a job and study . What else I ' Ve got to do ? Join the army ?
Good morning , sir . Can I help you ? Yes , I need to check-in for the eleven 20 flight to New York , please . O . K . Ticket , please .
Yes , I need to check-in for the eleven 20 flight to New York , please . O . K . Ticket , please . Here you are .
O . K . Ticket , please . Here you are . Would you like a window or an aisle seat , Mr . Smith ?
Here you are . Would you like a window or an aisle seat , Mr . Smith ? I want an aisle seat as close to the exit door as possible , please .
Would you like a window or an aisle seat , Mr . Smith ? I want an aisle seat as close to the exit door as possible , please . Very well . Do you have any bags to check ?
I want an aisle seat as close to the exit door as possible , please . Very well . Do you have any bags to check ? No , I just have this one small bag .
Very well . Do you have any bags to check ? No , I just have this one small bag . Here you are , seat 12c . Please go to gate 23 after passing through the security checkpoint .
No , I just have this one small bag . Here you are , seat 12c . Please go to gate 23 after passing through the security checkpoint . Thank you .
Here you are , seat 12c . Please go to gate 23 after passing through the security checkpoint . Thank you . Have a nice day .
Ahh ... What a fine day ! I do feel like an outdoor exercise . How about taking a walk in the park ? OK . It ' s delightful to have a walk in the park with the air so fresh .
How about taking a walk in the park ? OK . It ' s delightful to have a walk in the park with the air so fresh . ( After they enter the park ) Oh , it's so quiet here . We have the park to ourselves , only you and me !
OK . It ' s delightful to have a walk in the park with the air so fresh . ( After they enter the park ) Oh , it's so quiet here . We have the park to ourselves , only you and me ! Don't you see many people over there ? Just on your left .
( After they enter the park ) Oh , it's so quiet here . We have the park to ourselves , only you and me ! Don't you see many people over there ? Just on your left . Oh , I see them . Some are doing Taijiquan , some are performing swordplay , some are practising the Chinese Wushu .
Hello , this is Hilton Hotel . How may I help you ? Hi . I would like to make a reservation on this Friday . OK . What kind of room do you want ? We have single rooms , twin rooms , double rooms and suites available on Friday .
Hi . I would like to make a reservation on this Friday . OK . What kind of room do you want ? We have single rooms , twin rooms , double rooms and suites available on Friday . I want a single room with ocean view . Do you have one ?
OK . What kind of room do you want ? We have single rooms , twin rooms , double rooms and suites available on Friday . I want a single room with ocean view . Do you have one ? Let me check . Yes .
I want a single room with ocean view . Do you have one ? Let me check . Yes . OK . I will take it .
Let me check . Yes . OK . I will take it . When do you check in ? How long are you planning to stay ? Do you have any special requirements ?
OK . I will take it . When do you check in ? How long are you planning to stay ? Do you have any special requirements ? I guess I am going to arrive at 9:00 in the morning and I would like to leave at 200 in the afternoon on Sunday . Please give me a room away from the elevator . I hate noises while I am sleeping .
What's the matter ? Checking out , please . Can I have your keys , please ? Thank you . Here's your statement .
Checking out , please . Can I have your keys , please ? Thank you . Here's your statement . Excuse me . What are these charges ?
Can I have your keys , please ? Thank you . Here's your statement . Excuse me . What are these charges ? Oh , these are the phone charges and these are for something from the bar .
Excuse me . What are these charges ? Oh , these are the phone charges and these are for something from the bar . Wait a minute . I made a phone call , but I never made a connection .
Oh , these are the phone charges and these are for something from the bar . Wait a minute . I made a phone call , but I never made a connection . I know , sir . Those aren't telephone company charges . Those are hotel charges .
Wait a minute . I made a phone call , but I never made a connection . I know , sir . Those aren't telephone company charges . Those are hotel charges . Isn't that a bit excessive ?
I know , sir . Those aren't telephone company charges . Those are hotel charges . Isn't that a bit excessive ? I'm sorry , sir . It's our policy .
Isn't that a bit excessive ? I'm sorry , sir . It's our policy . OK . Here is the money .
Peter , it's time to get up . Ten more minutes , mom . What time is it now ?
Ten more minutes , mom . What time is it now ? It's already 3 8 o'clock .
Which one of them is Marys brother ? The one with a very big nose . I'd like to meet him . Will you introduce him to me ?
I am a student in Cambridge University . I read your ad , I want to know something more about your room , please ? It's a big bedroom with a drawing room , facing a beautiful wood . Is there a bathroom ?
It's a big bedroom with a drawing room , facing a beautiful wood . Is there a bathroom ? No , but there is one downstairs , which my daughter used some years ago .
Is there a bathroom ? No , but there is one downstairs , which my daughter used some years ago . It sounds good . Could I go and see it myself ?
No , but there is one downstairs , which my daughter used some years ago . It sounds good . Could I go and see it myself ? Certainly , you're welcome anytime .
It sounds good . Could I go and see it myself ? Certainly , you're welcome anytime . See you later !
Certainly , you're welcome anytime . See you later ! ( after a while ) Good afternoon , Mrs . Smith . I called you just now .
See you later ! ( after a while ) Good afternoon , Mrs . Smith . I called you just now . Welcome ! Come in , please !
( after a while ) Good afternoon , Mrs . Smith . I called you just now . Welcome ! Come in , please ! Yes .
Welcome ! Come in , please ! Yes . This way please . Your room is upstairs ... Here it is .
Yes . This way please . Your room is upstairs ... Here it is . Wonderful ! A modest , comfortable room . Ah , a beautiful window , through which I can see a beautiful scene , and hear the birds singing . How nice !
This way please . Your room is upstairs ... Here it is . Wonderful ! A modest , comfortable room . Ah , a beautiful window , through which I can see a beautiful scene , and hear the birds singing . How nice ! Yes , if you want to wash something , there is a separate lavatory room outside .
Wonderful ! A modest , comfortable room . Ah , a beautiful window , through which I can see a beautiful scene , and hear the birds singing . How nice ! Yes , if you want to wash something , there is a separate lavatory room outside . Excellent ! I like it ! When can I move in ?
Yes , if you want to wash something , there is a separate lavatory room outside . Excellent ! I like it ! When can I move in ? Anytime you like .
Is this the counter to pick up parcels ? Yes , it is . I want to pick up my parcels .
Yes , it is . I want to pick up my parcels . Please show me your parcel order .
I want to pick up my parcels . Please show me your parcel order . OK . Here you are .
Please show me your parcel order . OK . Here you are . Let me check your parcel number . Song Ping's parcel number should be CP 06230221 5 CN . Here is your parcel .
OK . Here you are . Let me check your parcel number . Song Ping's parcel number should be CP 06230221 5 CN . Here is your parcel . Thank you .
Doctor , save my baby , please What symptoms does he have ? He has had a fever for one day . Just now at home , he had febrile convulsions with teeth and fists clenched and eyes turned up . We were at a loss what to do . We called an ambulance and brought the baby here .
What symptoms does he have ? He has had a fever for one day . Just now at home , he had febrile convulsions with teeth and fists clenched and eyes turned up . We were at a loss what to do . We called an ambulance and brought the baby here . How long did the convulsion last ?
He has had a fever for one day . Just now at home , he had febrile convulsions with teeth and fists clenched and eyes turned up . We were at a loss what to do . We called an ambulance and brought the baby here . How long did the convulsion last ? About 3 minutes .
How long did the convulsion last ? About 3 minutes . Does he have any other complaints ?
About 3 minutes . Does he have any other complaints ? Three days ago , he began to cough , sneeze and have a running nose . Yesterday , he began to have a fever .
Does he have any other complaints ? Three days ago , he began to cough , sneeze and have a running nose . Yesterday , he began to have a fever . Have you taken his temperature ?
Three days ago , he began to cough , sneeze and have a running nose . Yesterday , he began to have a fever . Have you taken his temperature ? It was 38 ° C this morning and it was 39 ° C just now .
Have you taken his temperature ? It was 38 ° C this morning and it was 39 ° C just now . Let me examine him to see if there is any rash . No rash .
It was 38 ° C this morning and it was 39 ° C just now . Let me examine him to see if there is any rash . No rash . Is it serious ? Is it meningitis ?
Let me examine him to see if there is any rash . No rash . Is it serious ? Is it meningitis ? No , it is not meningitis . Just a high fever and convulsions , which results from a virus upper respiratory tract inflection .
Is it serious ? Is it meningitis ? No , it is not meningitis . Just a high fever and convulsions , which results from a virus upper respiratory tract inflection . Does he have to be admitted to hospital ?
No , it is not meningitis . Just a high fever and convulsions , which results from a virus upper respiratory tract inflection . Does he have to be admitted to hospital ? No . No need for admission . I'll give the baby analgia nose drops to bring down the temperature first . Then I will give you a prescription . The pink tablets are used for his fever . When his temperature is over 38 ° C , give him one tablet . The other tablets are sedatives for his convulsions . The white liquid is for the cold . Give the baby plenty of water to drink .
I've brought this dress back to exchange it . That's not a problem . Leave it with me , and find something that you like . I was hoping you'd have something on sale today .
That's not a problem . Leave it with me , and find something that you like . I was hoping you'd have something on sale today . We have nothing on sale today . But we're having a big sale next weekend .
I was hoping you'd have something on sale today . We have nothing on sale today . But we're having a big sale next weekend . Is the sale going to include dresses ?
We have nothing on sale today . But we're having a big sale next weekend . Is the sale going to include dresses ? Everything you can see will be on sale .
Is the sale going to include dresses ? Everything you can see will be on sale . I like the sound of that . I'll just come back next weekend .
All right . I want to bring everybody in on this project . When can we start working on this ? Well , we could probably get started with a strategy meeting tomorrow morning at 8 I tell you what , 800 is no good for me , but why don ' t you guys get started and I ' ll come by at around 8
What are you reading ? Oh , it ' s the latest novel by Ray Blue . It ' s a sic-fi thriller . I thought he usually wrote horror books .
Oh , it ' s the latest novel by Ray Blue . It ' s a sic-fi thriller . I thought he usually wrote horror books . He does . He ' s good at this genre too . It ' s a captivating read .
I thought he usually wrote horror books . He does . He ' s good at this genre too . It ' s a captivating read . We ' re going to the bookshop . Would you like to join us ?
He does . He ' s good at this genre too . It ' s a captivating read . We ' re going to the bookshop . Would you like to join us ? Yes , I would . I need to buy a textbook for my course and , as you know , I love browsing through the latest paperbacks .
We ' re going to the bookshop . Would you like to join us ? Yes , I would . I need to buy a textbook for my course and , as you know , I love browsing through the latest paperbacks . Me too . I need something to read on the flight to New York . I can never sleep on planes . Sarah wants to pick up some children ' s books for her daughter .
Yes , I would . I need to buy a textbook for my course and , as you know , I love browsing through the latest paperbacks . Me too . I need something to read on the flight to New York . I can never sleep on planes . Sarah wants to pick up some children ' s books for her daughter . I want to look at nelson Mandela ' s autobiography .
Have you worked out the offers . Mr . Thou ? Yes , we have . Here's our CIF quotation sheet . Please have a careful look . Are the prices on the list firm offers ?
Yes , we have . Here's our CIF quotation sheet . Please have a careful look . Are the prices on the list firm offers ? Yes . All the quotations on the list are subject to our final confirmation .
Are the prices on the list firm offers ? Yes . All the quotations on the list are subject to our final confirmation . I wonder whether there are any changes in your prices .
Yes . All the quotations on the list are subject to our final confirmation . I wonder whether there are any changes in your prices . All these products are our best-selling lines . The prices of our products will change according to that of the international market demand . And we are always open to negotiate , especially on larger orders . What do you have in mind ?
I wonder whether there are any changes in your prices . All these products are our best-selling lines . The prices of our products will change according to that of the international market demand . And we are always open to negotiate , especially on larger orders . What do you have in mind ? How long does your offer remain valid ? I need some time to get my supervisors on board with this plan .
Billy , you don ' t look too well . Maybe you should take the day off school . But Mom ! Today we ' re playing football ! I love football ! You ' Ve got a fever and playing football isn ' t a good idea for a boy with a fever . What ' s that on your arm ?
But Mom ! Today we ' re playing football ! I love football ! You ' Ve got a fever and playing football isn ' t a good idea for a boy with a fever . What ' s that on your arm ? I don ' t know . It was there when I woke up this morning .
You ' Ve got a fever and playing football isn ' t a good idea for a boy with a fever . What ' s that on your arm ? I don ' t know . It was there when I woke up this morning . It ' s rash . I ' d better take you to see the doctor . How did you get that bruise on your leg ?
I don ' t know . It was there when I woke up this morning . It ' s rash . I ' d better take you to see the doctor . How did you get that bruise on your leg ? I bashed it against the chair in my room .
It ' s rash . I ' d better take you to see the doctor . How did you get that bruise on your leg ? I bashed it against the chair in my room . Does it hurt ?
I bashed it against the chair in my room . Does it hurt ? A little , but not much .
Does it hurt ? A little , but not much . Here . Put this wet towel on your face to keep your temperature down . I ' ll take you to the doctor ' s after breakfast .
A little , but not much . Here . Put this wet towel on your face to keep your temperature down . I ' ll take you to the doctor ' s after breakfast . If I ' m better this afternoon , can I go to school ?
Hi , Jane . How are you doing this morning ? I ' m all right , thanks . Just a little tired . Late night ?
Canton Hotel . I'd like to reserve a double room . I will be arriving next Monday , the 12th . My name is Wilson . A double room for the 12th ? The name is Wilson ?
I'd like to reserve a double room . I will be arriving next Monday , the 12th . My name is Wilson . A double room for the 12th ? The name is Wilson ? Yes , that's right .
A double room for the 12th ? The name is Wilson ? Yes , that's right . How long will you be staying ?
Yes , that's right . How long will you be staying ? Three or four days , perhaps longer .
Did you see the picture of the guy on the front page of the newspaper this morning ? No . I haven't had a chance to read the paper yet . you've got to see it . It's an unbelievable picture !
No . I haven't had a chance to read the paper yet . you've got to see it . It's an unbelievable picture ! What's so interesting about it ?
you've got to see it . It's an unbelievable picture ! What's so interesting about it ? Well , this guy fell asleep on the sofa and when he woke up , half his face had been bitten off !
What's so interesting about it ? Well , this guy fell asleep on the sofa and when he woke up , half his face had been bitten off ! What ? How did that happen ?
Well , this guy fell asleep on the sofa and when he woke up , half his face had been bitten off ! What ? How did that happen ? They think his dog was trying to wake him up and couldn't , so ended up biting him in his face .
What ? How did that happen ? They think his dog was trying to wake him up and couldn't , so ended up biting him in his face . Wow . What does his look like now ?
They think his dog was trying to wake him up and couldn't , so ended up biting him in his face . Wow . What does his look like now ? It looks pretty frightening . He doesn't have any lips , so all you can see are his gums and teeth . Most of his nose and chin are missing too .
Wow . What does his look like now ? It looks pretty frightening . He doesn't have any lips , so all you can see are his gums and teeth . Most of his nose and chin are missing too . What did he look like before his dog bit his face off ?
It looks pretty frightening . He doesn't have any lips , so all you can see are his gums and teeth . Most of his nose and chin are missing too . What did he look like before his dog bit his face off ? He was actually quite handsome . What a shame .
What did he look like before his dog bit his face off ? He was actually quite handsome . What a shame . What's he going to do now ?
Good afternoon . May I help you ? Yes , I ' m here to see Joanna Stevens . I have an appointment at four . Certainly , may I take your name ? I ' ll let her know you ' Ve arrived .
Yes , I ' m here to see Joanna Stevens . I have an appointment at four . Certainly , may I take your name ? I ' ll let her know you ' Ve arrived . Sure , it ' s Josh O ' Neil .
Certainly , may I take your name ? I ' ll let her know you ' Ve arrived . Sure , it ' s Josh O ' Neil . Ms . Stevens will be with you momentarily . Can I offer you something to drink ?
Sure , it ' s Josh O ' Neil . Ms . Stevens will be with you momentarily . Can I offer you something to drink ? Yes , a coffee would be nice , thank you .
Good morning . Madam . What can I do for you today ? Hello . I hope you can help me ; I'm a little worried about my new card . What seems to be the problem ?
Hello . I hope you can help me ; I'm a little worried about my new card . What seems to be the problem ? I received my new card this morning , but I'm unable to use it .
What seems to be the problem ? I received my new card this morning , but I'm unable to use it . Oh ? You mean , the ATM machine has eaten it ?
I received my new card this morning , but I'm unable to use it . Oh ? You mean , the ATM machine has eaten it ? No , it's right here , see ? The ATM will not accept it !
Oh ? You mean , the ATM machine has eaten it ? No , it's right here , see ? The ATM will not accept it ! You said you received your card this morning , am I right ?
No , it's right here , see ? The ATM will not accept it ! You said you received your card this morning , am I right ? Yes . I was told it would be activated and ready to use right away . So , what's gone wrong ?
You said you received your card this morning , am I right ? Yes . I was told it would be activated and ready to use right away . So , what's gone wrong ? Did you receive your PIN number yet , Madam ? You see , unless you have your new PIN number , to match your new card , you cannot use it . We usually send that separately , around one day after the card , for security reasons .
Are you interested in mountaineering ? Yes , in some sense . I should say I like mountain climbing , you know , because I'm not so professional . How about you I'm the same with you , an amateur mountain climber . I went climbing in the Rocky Mountains with my friends last summer vacation . We spent two days in the mountains .
Yes , in some sense . I should say I like mountain climbing , you know , because I'm not so professional . How about you I'm the same with you , an amateur mountain climber . I went climbing in the Rocky Mountains with my friends last summer vacation . We spent two days in the mountains . How did you spend the night there ?
I'm the same with you , an amateur mountain climber . I went climbing in the Rocky Mountains with my friends last summer vacation . We spent two days in the mountains . How did you spend the night there ? We pitched a tent in the night , waiting for the sunrise . Wow ! It was too beautiful .
How did you spend the night there ? We pitched a tent in the night , waiting for the sunrise . Wow ! It was too beautiful . I had a similar experience , but that was on the top of Tasha Mountain in my country .
We pitched a tent in the night , waiting for the sunrise . Wow ! It was too beautiful . I had a similar experience , but that was on the top of Tasha Mountain in my country . Tasha Mountain ? It's very famous in China , isn't ?
I had a similar experience , but that was on the top of Tasha Mountain in my country . Tasha Mountain ? It's very famous in China , isn't ? Yes . It is one of the Five Mountains .
Tasha Mountain ? It's very famous in China , isn't ? Yes . It is one of the Five Mountains . I want to climb Tasha Mountain this summer vacation . Would you be my guide ?
I would like to open an account please . Do you have any form of ID ? I have my Tennis Club card . Is that good enough ?
Do you have any form of ID ? I have my Tennis Club card . Is that good enough ? I ' m afraid not . It has to be a passport or a valid driver ' s license .
I have my Tennis Club card . Is that good enough ? I ' m afraid not . It has to be a passport or a valid driver ' s license . Oh ... wait a minute ... here ' s my driver ' s license .
I ' m afraid not . It has to be a passport or a valid driver ' s license . Oh ... wait a minute ... here ' s my driver ' s license . OK , just fill in this application . You can sit over there . This brochure explains our services . We have free checking , and you will be given a debit card and on ATM card . There is no service
John , it ' s time to get up . It can ' t be time to get up yet . It is . Hurry up ! You ' ll be late for school .
It can ' t be time to get up yet . It is . Hurry up ! You ' ll be late for school . What ' s the time ?
It is . Hurry up ! You ' ll be late for school . What ' s the time ? It ' s nearly half past seven .
What ' s the time ? It ' s nearly half past seven . My watch says ten past .
It ' s nearly half past seven . My watch says ten past . It ' s slow . Hurry up ! The bus goes at twenty to eight .
My watch says ten past . It ' s slow . Hurry up ! The bus goes at twenty to eight . Are you sure half past seven ?
It ' s slow . Hurry up ! The bus goes at twenty to eight . Are you sure half past seven ? Positive . I ' ll put the radio on .
Are you sure half past seven ? Positive . I ' ll put the radio on . It ' s only seven o ' clock . Your watch is fast .
Positive . I ' ll put the radio on . It ' s only seven o ' clock . Your watch is fast . No , it isn ' t . It ' s stopped . I forgot to wind it up last night .
Do you have a swimming pool in this hotel ? We don't have a swimming pool , sir , but we do have swim stations in the gym . I never heard of a swim station . Is that like a train or bus station ?
We don't have a swimming pool , sir , but we do have swim stations in the gym . I never heard of a swim station . Is that like a train or bus station ? It's just a deep bathtub with a current of water that you swim against .
I never heard of a swim station . Is that like a train or bus station ? It's just a deep bathtub with a current of water that you swim against . Holy cow ! I never heard of such a thing . How much do they cost ?
It's just a deep bathtub with a current of water that you swim against . Holy cow ! I never heard of such a thing . How much do they cost ? As a guest , sir , you pay nothing .
Holy cow ! I never heard of such a thing . How much do they cost ? As a guest , sir , you pay nothing . This sounds better every second . Now , when can I use the stations ?
As a guest , sir , you pay nothing . This sounds better every second . Now , when can I use the stations ? If you want to swim , you can visit the gym any day between 7 a . m . and 10 p . m .
This sounds better every second . Now , when can I use the stations ? If you want to swim , you can visit the gym any day between 7 a . m . and 10 p . m . Oh , boy ! This is going to be great . I'm going to the gym right now !
What is my prime responsibility in daily work ? Your main job is serving the clients and giving them what they want . What other things do I need to know ?
Your main job is serving the clients and giving them what they want . What other things do I need to know ? You'd spend 30 % of your time on the computer . You may be bored with a job like that .
Good evening , Mr . Lee and thank you for choosing our airline . We have just discovered that this flight is overbooked . Would you like to volunteer to give up your seat ? Overbooked ? Give up my seat ? I don ' t understand . From time to time we have a situation in which there are more passengers than there are seats on the aircraft . That ' s overbooked .
Overbooked ? Give up my seat ? I don ' t understand . From time to time we have a situation in which there are more passengers than there are seats on the aircraft . That ' s overbooked . I know what overbooked is , I just don ' t understand how that could happen ?
From time to time we have a situation in which there are more passengers than there are seats on the aircraft . That ' s overbooked . I know what overbooked is , I just don ' t understand how that could happen ? Actually it ' s a common practice to overbook , as passengers often don ' t take their flight as scheduled . Most of the time there is no problem but today , more passengers arrived than we have seats ,
I know what overbooked is , I just don ' t understand how that could happen ? Actually it ' s a common practice to overbook , as passengers often don ' t take their flight as scheduled . Most of the time there is no problem but today , more passengers arrived than we have seats , So who has to stay behind ?
Actually it ' s a common practice to overbook , as passengers often don ' t take their flight as scheduled . Most of the time there is no problem but today , more passengers arrived than we have seats , So who has to stay behind ? Well , first we ask for volunteers . If someone like yourself volunteers , they receive a free round trip ticket to be used within one year . If no one volunteers we just have to select someone .
We came too early . There're still three hours before the performance starts . I know . Sorry , I shouldn't have rushed you , but I just couldn't stay at home and wait . Never mind . What about taking a look around the theater ?
I know . Sorry , I shouldn't have rushed you , but I just couldn't stay at home and wait . Never mind . What about taking a look around the theater ? Why not ? I'd love to do that .
Never mind . What about taking a look around the theater ? Why not ? I'd love to do that . Here we go . There is a museum of the Beijing Opera art .
Why not ? I'd love to do that . Here we go . There is a museum of the Beijing Opera art . Wow . Look at this . So delicate and beautiful . Did ancient Chinese people really wear them ?
Here we go . There is a museum of the Beijing Opera art . Wow . Look at this . So delicate and beautiful . Did ancient Chinese people really wear them ? Not really . They are just opera costumes . Do you like the embroidery ?
Wow . Look at this . So delicate and beautiful . Did ancient Chinese people really wear them ? Not really . They are just opera costumes . Do you like the embroidery ? I surely do . They must have had advanced machine in ancient China to do that .
Not really . They are just opera costumes . Do you like the embroidery ? I surely do . They must have had advanced machine in ancient China to do that . No , no , no . They are all handmade , girl . You know , the ancient Chinese women were supposed to be good at needlework .
Good afternoon , ma'am . May I help you ? Yes . Can I deposit valuables here ? Of course , you can . Please put your articles in this bag and seal it .
Yes . Can I deposit valuables here ? Of course , you can . Please put your articles in this bag and seal it . OK .
Of course , you can . Please put your articles in this bag and seal it . OK . Thank you . Here is your tag .
OK . Thank you . Here is your tag . Would you tell me the rate per day for depositing my bag ?
Thank you . Here is your tag . Would you tell me the rate per day for depositing my bag ? Sure , madam . Only one dollar .
Would you tell me the rate per day for depositing my bag ? Sure , madam . Only one dollar . When does the cloakroom close ?
Sure , madam . Only one dollar . When does the cloakroom close ? This cloakroom is open until 10 p . m .
When does the cloakroom close ? This cloakroom is open until 10 p . m . Oh , dear ! I won't be back until about 11:30 tonight . Where can I pick up my bag ?
This cloakroom is open until 10 p . m . Oh , dear ! I won't be back until about 11:30 tonight . Where can I pick up my bag ? We will transfer your bag to the Lobby Floor Cloakroom . You may collect it there , madam .
Oh , dear ! I won't be back until about 11:30 tonight . Where can I pick up my bag ? We will transfer your bag to the Lobby Floor Cloakroom . You may collect it there , madam . I see . Thanks a lot .
Excuse me , Dr . Steward , I wonder if I could talk with you about my paper . Yes , of course . When ? Will you be free this afternoon , say from 3 to 4 ?
I want to send some money to Australia . Could you handle it for me ? Yes , madam , how much would you like to remit ? 2,000 AD $ .
Yes , madam , how much would you like to remit ? 2,000 AD $ . Which would you like to remit , by mail or by cable ?
2,000 AD $ . Which would you like to remit , by mail or by cable ? What is the difference between them ?
Which would you like to remit , by mail or by cable ? What is the difference between them ? The cable will take less time for your account , in the meantime , the regular service charge is also higher than that of the mail one .
What is the difference between them ? The cable will take less time for your account , in the meantime , the regular service charge is also higher than that of the mail one . Well , I think the cable is better .
The cable will take less time for your account , in the meantime , the regular service charge is also higher than that of the mail one . Well , I think the cable is better . OK , please fill in the application form giving the name and address of beneficiary , your name and telephone .
Well , I think the cable is better . OK , please fill in the application form giving the name and address of beneficiary , your name and telephone . All right . Here you are .
OK , please fill in the application form giving the name and address of beneficiary , your name and telephone . All right . Here you are . Everything is OK . The commission is 50 yuan .
I would like to order a waistcoat . Have you chosen the material ? Yes , I want it to made of tweed .
Have you chosen the material ? Yes , I want it to made of tweed . Fine . And the charge is $ 100 .
Yes , I want it to made of tweed . Fine . And the charge is $ 100 . When will it be available ?
Please come in and sit down . I'm happy to finally meet you . Same here . I've been looking forward to this . I ' m sorry I kept you waiting so long . I'm running a little late today .
Same here . I've been looking forward to this . I ' m sorry I kept you waiting so long . I'm running a little late today . No problem . That happens to all of us , it goes badly with the traffic .
I ' m sorry I kept you waiting so long . I'm running a little late today . No problem . That happens to all of us , it goes badly with the traffic . Thank you . Can I offer you some refreshment ?
Hi , I would like to return this TV . Sure , do you have the receipt ? Yeah here you go . Actually I also want to return this keyboard .
Sure , do you have the receipt ? Yeah here you go . Actually I also want to return this keyboard . Ok . may I ask what is the reason for returning these products ?
Yeah here you go . Actually I also want to return this keyboard . Ok . may I ask what is the reason for returning these products ? The TV flickers a lot when I am watching a movie and at times the image is not very clear .
Ok . may I ask what is the reason for returning these products ? The TV flickers a lot when I am watching a movie and at times the image is not very clear . I see , and what about the keyboard ?
The TV flickers a lot when I am watching a movie and at times the image is not very clear . I see , and what about the keyboard ? I spilled some coffee on it and now it won't work .
I see , and what about the keyboard ? I spilled some coffee on it and now it won't work . I am sorry mam , but we can only exchange or refund defective products , we cannot take responsibility for misuse or damages .
My warmest congratulations on your promotion ! Thanks . It ' s nothing special actually . Don ' t say that . It owes to your efforts and team spirit .
Thanks . It ' s nothing special actually . Don ' t say that . It owes to your efforts and team spirit . Oh , it was nothing . Anyone could have done it . I still have a lot to learn yet .
Don ' t say that . It owes to your efforts and team spirit . Oh , it was nothing . Anyone could have done it . I still have a lot to learn yet . You are very modest . Best luck in your new position .
Yes , sir . May I help you ? Please I'd like a ticket to New York . For today ?
Please I'd like a ticket to New York . For today ? No , early saturday morning .
For today ? No , early saturday morning . We have a flight that we'll put you there at ten AM . Is that ok ?
No , early saturday morning . We have a flight that we'll put you there at ten AM . Is that ok ? Nothing earlier ? I prefer flight at nine thirty .
We have a flight that we'll put you there at ten AM . Is that ok ? Nothing earlier ? I prefer flight at nine thirty . I'm afraid not , unless you want a night flight .
Nothing earlier ? I prefer flight at nine thirty . I'm afraid not , unless you want a night flight . No , exactly not
I'm afraid not , unless you want a night flight . No , exactly not How about afternoon ?
Hi ! Fiona ? I almost didn't recognize you . You are much thinner since I last saw you . Yes . I have lost about ten kilos . How did you do it ?
Yes . I have lost about ten kilos . How did you do it ? I am on a diet . And I do more exercise regularly .
How did you do it ? I am on a diet . And I do more exercise regularly . What's the secret then ?
I am on a diet . And I do more exercise regularly . What's the secret then ? It lies in perseverance .
What's the secret then ? It lies in perseverance . Well . It's hard for me . I can't keep doing exercise .
May , is this the Hall of Ancient China ? Yes . Look at these historical relics here , amazing ! Why are they all in glass boxes ?
Yes . Look at these historical relics here , amazing ! Why are they all in glass boxes ? For protection . Some relics will turn to dust if exposed to air .
Why are they all in glass boxes ? For protection . Some relics will turn to dust if exposed to air . So there isn't air in the glass boxes ?
For protection . Some relics will turn to dust if exposed to air . So there isn't air in the glass boxes ? No , there isn't . They are all vacuumed .
So there isn't air in the glass boxes ? No , there isn't . They are all vacuumed . I wonder how old these things are , thousands of years ?
No , there isn't . They are all vacuumed . I wonder how old these things are , thousands of years ? Yeah , they all come from a very ancient time .
I wonder how old these things are , thousands of years ? Yeah , they all come from a very ancient time . Hey , look at the three-leg cup . I've seen it on TV .
Yeah , they all come from a very ancient time . Hey , look at the three-leg cup . I've seen it on TV . The bronze cup was made 4,000 years ago . It's priceless !
Hey , look at the three-leg cup . I've seen it on TV . The bronze cup was made 4,000 years ago . It's priceless ! Yeah , it has no value at all . Who will use this cup today ?
The bronze cup was made 4,000 years ago . It's priceless ! Yeah , it has no value at all . Who will use this cup today ? Danny , priceless means so valuable that you can't put a price on it .
Were you a leader when you were in college ? Yes . I was Propaganda department minister of our university . Did you get any honors or awards at your university ?
Yes . I was Propaganda department minister of our university . Did you get any honors or awards at your university ? No . It ' s a pity about it .
Did you get any honors or awards at your university ? No . It ' s a pity about it . Were you involved in any club activities at your university ?
No . It ' s a pity about it . Were you involved in any club activities at your university ? Yes . I was a member of the basketball Society . I like playing basketball .
Were you involved in any club activities at your university ? Yes . I was a member of the basketball Society . I like playing basketball . What extracurricular activities did you usually take part in at your college ?
Can you tell me , Ms . Smith , about the training programs you initiated this year ? We ran a call center training service and language program to ensure that our customer service representatives are well trained . What ' s the result ?
We ran a call center training service and language program to ensure that our customer service representatives are well trained . What ' s the result ? We directly attribute an increase in our customer service feedback of 50 % to the increase in language skills and training that our employees have received .
What ' s the result ? We directly attribute an increase in our customer service feedback of 50 % to the increase in language skills and training that our employees have received . That seems very impressive . Good work !
Excuse me . We're leaving today . I'd like to pay our bills now . OK . By the way , I'd like to tell you that the check-out time is 12 I see .
OK . By the way , I'd like to tell you that the check-out time is 12 I see . Have you used any hotel services this morning or had breakfast at the hotel dining room , Mr . Green ?
I see . Have you used any hotel services this morning or had breakfast at the hotel dining room , Mr . Green ? Yes , my friend and I just had breakfast at the dining room , but we didn't use any services .
Have you used any hotel services this morning or had breakfast at the hotel dining room , Mr . Green ? Yes , my friend and I just had breakfast at the dining room , but we didn't use any services . How about the charge for the days you shared the room with your friend ?
Yes , my friend and I just had breakfast at the dining room , but we didn't use any services . How about the charge for the days you shared the room with your friend ? Please add to my account .
How about the charge for the days you shared the room with your friend ? Please add to my account . The total for the eight days is five hundred sixty yuan .
We need to call an emergency meeting as soon as possible about this . OK . Let me send a memo around . Schedule it for this afternoon , when Ken gets back .
OK . Let me send a memo around . Schedule it for this afternoon , when Ken gets back . I don ' t think he ' s back today .
Schedule it for this afternoon , when Ken gets back . I don ' t think he ' s back today . Oh , that ' s right . Go ahead anyways . I ' ll fill him in . We can ' t lose this order under any circumstances !
Is this the baggage claim area for flight KB256 ? Yes , we are on the same plane . But I am a transfer passenger . I have a connecting flight to Miami .
Yes , we are on the same plane . But I am a transfer passenger . I have a connecting flight to Miami . So you have to bring your baggage to the transfer check-in area .
But I am a transfer passenger . I have a connecting flight to Miami . So you have to bring your baggage to the transfer check-in area . Yes . It ' s quite troublesome .
But Ernie , we're still missing something . We need someone to play the music ! Oh right ... you know , my friend Eric is a DJ . Maybe he would like to play with us . Hmm ... does he have a good ear for hip hop music ?
Oh , gosh ! I feel everything around me is against me . Don't take it too hard . There are some tips you should know in job-hunting of 2010 . Well , I am all ears . Maybe they are helpful .
Don't take it too hard . There are some tips you should know in job-hunting of 2010 . Well , I am all ears . Maybe they are helpful . Firstly , you must always show your best to the interviewer . And secondly , try to avoid spamming through e-mails , because this will make the reader go crazy . The last but not the least , there is no substitute for pounding the pavement in such a digital age .
Well , I am all ears . Maybe they are helpful . Firstly , you must always show your best to the interviewer . And secondly , try to avoid spamming through e-mails , because this will make the reader go crazy . The last but not the least , there is no substitute for pounding the pavement in such a digital age . I understand what you mean , and I will not upset myself . Face it .
Good afternoon . Is this the Roley Hotel ? Yes , madam . May I help you ? Yes . I ' m calling from Westwood and Westwood Attorneys . I need to make a reservation for Mr . Alex Brent .
I'm after some chinese incense burner ? How's this one ? How's this one ? Oh , I need a small one , otherwise my luggage will be overweight .
How's this one ? Oh , I need a small one , otherwise my luggage will be overweight . What about this one ?
Excuse me . Could you please tell me how to get to the nearest cinema ? Turn left at the second light . You can't miss it . Will it take me long to get there ?
Turn left at the second light . You can't miss it . Will it take me long to get there ? No . It's not far at all .
Will it take me long to get there ? No . It's not far at all . Thank you very much .
Excuse me , I ' m sorry to trouble you . My name is Susan Ransom , and I have placed several orders with you company . Yes , Mr . Ransom ? This is Karl Miller . How may I help you ? Well , I wonder if you could track an order I placed with you last month . It hasn ' t arrived yet .
I would like to speak to you , if you don ' t mind . What would you like to speak to me about ? I would like to talk to you about this year ' s election .
What would you like to speak to me about ? I would like to talk to you about this year ' s election . Is that right ?
I would like to talk to you about this year ' s election . Is that right ? I am a volunteer for this year ' s campaign .
Is that right ? I am a volunteer for this year ' s campaign . That ' s wonderful . I am impressed at someone so young taking a stand .
I am a volunteer for this year ' s campaign . That ' s wonderful . I am impressed at someone so young taking a stand . I know history is about to be made , and I would like to be a part of it .
That ' s wonderful . I am impressed at someone so young taking a stand . I know history is about to be made , and I would like to be a part of it . That ' s fantastic .
I know history is about to be made , and I would like to be a part of it . That ' s fantastic . Are you planning on voting ?
That ' s fantastic . Are you planning on voting ? I ' m going to vote .
Are you planning on voting ? I ' m going to vote . Go to your polling place early on Election Day .
Would you help me figure out what to do about the office party ? I would be happy to help . What would you like me to help with , food or entertainment ? I would like to help you with both .
I would be happy to help . What would you like me to help with , food or entertainment ? I would like to help you with both . That will work out fine . To make sure everything goes together , do you think this party should be casual or dressy ?
I would like to help you with both . That will work out fine . To make sure everything goes together , do you think this party should be casual or dressy ? A dressy party would be fun !
That will work out fine . To make sure everything goes together , do you think this party should be casual or dressy ? A dressy party would be fun ! That will work out fine . Do you think that Chinese or Continental food would be best ?
A dressy party would be fun ! That will work out fine . Do you think that Chinese or Continental food would be best ? We should probably have both .
That will work out fine . Do you think that Chinese or Continental food would be best ? We should probably have both . Yes , that will work out fine . Should we hire a band or bring in a DJ ?
We should probably have both . Yes , that will work out fine . Should we hire a band or bring in a DJ ? Maybe we could do both !
Smells good ! What ' s for breakfast ? Well , since we are getting up so late , I decided to make a big breakfast ! Nice ! Brunch !
Well , since we are getting up so late , I decided to make a big breakfast ! Nice ! Brunch ! Kind of , so I made scrambled and soft boiled eggs , some french toast and buttermilk pancakes !
Nice ! Brunch ! Kind of , so I made scrambled and soft boiled eggs , some french toast and buttermilk pancakes ! Wow ! You really went all out ! Did you make any coffee ?
Kind of , so I made scrambled and soft boiled eggs , some french toast and buttermilk pancakes ! Wow ! You really went all out ! Did you make any coffee ? Yeah , just the way you like it ! I also put out some cereal and muesli if you feel like having something more light .
Wow ! You really went all out ! Did you make any coffee ? Yeah , just the way you like it ! I also put out some cereal and muesli if you feel like having something more light . Looks good ! I ' ll squeeze us some fresh orange juice .
Come in , please . Good morning ! I am Anna Lu . I've come for an interview which was arranged . Oh , I see . I am Jack White , Personnel Manager . Take a seat , please .
Good morning ! I am Anna Lu . I've come for an interview which was arranged . Oh , I see . I am Jack White , Personnel Manager . Take a seat , please . Glad to meet you , Mr . White .
Oh , I see . I am Jack White , Personnel Manager . Take a seat , please . Glad to meet you , Mr . White . Miss Lu , have you got any experience in restaurant service ?
Glad to meet you , Mr . White . Miss Lu , have you got any experience in restaurant service ? Yes . Since I entered college , I have been working at a fast food restaurant as a part-time waitress .
Miss Lu , have you got any experience in restaurant service ? Yes . Since I entered college , I have been working at a fast food restaurant as a part-time waitress . For how long ?
Yes . Since I entered college , I have been working at a fast food restaurant as a part-time waitress . For how long ? 3 years .
For how long ? 3 years . Our restaurant receives a lot of foreign customers . Can you serve them in English ?
3 years . Our restaurant receives a lot of foreign customers . Can you serve them in English ? That's why I applied for this job . Now I am studying Hotel English in my college , and I am quite familiar with the western courtesy and restaurant etiquette . I am sure my public relation skills will leave a strong impression on your customers .
Our restaurant receives a lot of foreign customers . Can you serve them in English ? That's why I applied for this job . Now I am studying Hotel English in my college , and I am quite familiar with the western courtesy and restaurant etiquette . I am sure my public relation skills will leave a strong impression on your customers . You must know our working hours are very long and overtime work is frequent .
That's why I applied for this job . Now I am studying Hotel English in my college , and I am quite familiar with the western courtesy and restaurant etiquette . I am sure my public relation skills will leave a strong impression on your customers . You must know our working hours are very long and overtime work is frequent . I don't mind that .
You must know our working hours are very long and overtime work is frequent . I don't mind that . I think I will give you a 3 months ' trial . The salary for this period is 800 yuan a month with no bonus . After that period if we both feel satisfied , a formal contract would be signed .
I don't mind that . I think I will give you a 3 months ' trial . The salary for this period is 800 yuan a month with no bonus . After that period if we both feel satisfied , a formal contract would be signed . When am I supposed to start working ?
I think I will give you a 3 months ' trial . The salary for this period is 800 yuan a month with no bonus . After that period if we both feel satisfied , a formal contract would be signed . When am I supposed to start working ? Next monday . Bring your resume and diploma with you .
When am I supposed to start working ? Next monday . Bring your resume and diploma with you . Yes , I will . Thank you , Mr . White . Goodbye !
Congratulations , Francis . Your hard working finally pays off . I am so happy for your promotion . Thanks , Monica . Without support from you and other colleagues , I would not have made it . I hope I could get promoted some day . Tell me about your experience , ok ?
Thanks , Monica . Without support from you and other colleagues , I would not have made it . I hope I could get promoted some day . Tell me about your experience , ok ? Well , just saying that you wanted to get promoted is not enough , you need to write down your desirable position and an available plan for achieving that adjective . Don ' t be afraid of taking challenging . They might be opportunities and failing is not fatal . You learn more from that actually . Sometimes , you need to fail to be successful .
I hope I could get promoted some day . Tell me about your experience , ok ? Well , just saying that you wanted to get promoted is not enough , you need to write down your desirable position and an available plan for achieving that adjective . Don ' t be afraid of taking challenging . They might be opportunities and failing is not fatal . You learn more from that actually . Sometimes , you need to fail to be successful . How do you think if I volunteer for some work ?
Cindy . We were going to try to surprise you for your birthday . But you ' re just too busy ! Can you tell me when you ' ll be free ? Oh , Brian . That ' s really sweet of you guys . I would love to get together with all of you . How about Friday ? Great ! What time ?
I want to find a job in your bank as an accounting clerk . Do you know various funds and accounts ? Yes , I enjoy working with that .
How slowly you drive ! I'm sorry . Something is wrong with my taxi . Where does it go wrong ?
I'm sorry . Something is wrong with my taxi . Where does it go wrong ? Let me stop my car for check . Oh , my god . I got a flat tyre .
Where does it go wrong ? Let me stop my car for check . Oh , my god . I got a flat tyre . Can it keep going ?
Well , it's illegal to bring food and drinks into the theater . Too bad . I did anyway . No wonder you brought such a big bag today .
Too bad . I did anyway . No wonder you brought such a big bag today . I brought Strawberry Sticks . See ?
No wonder you brought such a big bag today . I brought Strawberry Sticks . See ? Those are the ones that are pre-dipped in sweet coating !
Oh , come on , Ultraman ! What's up , Bro ? What's in the bulletin ? It says that there will be a blackout from 5 p . m . to 7 p . m . in our neighborhood today .
What's up , Bro ? What's in the bulletin ? It says that there will be a blackout from 5 p . m . to 7 p . m . in our neighborhood today . Blackout ? Even the TV has the limit .
It says that there will be a blackout from 5 p . m . to 7 p . m . in our neighborhood today . Blackout ? Even the TV has the limit . Don't you know you will look like a monster in the blackout ?
Blackout ? Even the TV has the limit . Don't you know you will look like a monster in the blackout ? Oops , no , Daddy can't watch American Idol , either !
Don't you know you will look like a monster in the blackout ? Oops , no , Daddy can't watch American Idol , either ! That's not the point . Come on , can you imagine that there will be no electricity on such a hot day ?
Oops , no , Daddy can't watch American Idol , either ! That's not the point . Come on , can you imagine that there will be no electricity on such a hot day ? Oh , my god ! No air-conditioner !
That's not the point . Come on , can you imagine that there will be no electricity on such a hot day ? Oh , my god ! No air-conditioner ! OK , since you are the smart one , can you come up with a better plan ? So that we won't be baked like cookies here .
Oh , my god ! No air-conditioner ! OK , since you are the smart one , can you come up with a better plan ? So that we won't be baked like cookies here . How about playing Barbie out there in the neighborhood ?
OK , since you are the smart one , can you come up with a better plan ? So that we won't be baked like cookies here . How about playing Barbie out there in the neighborhood ? Barbie ? You know , I might be seven , but I'm not a girl .
How about playing Barbie out there in the neighborhood ? Barbie ? You know , I might be seven , but I'm not a girl . Do you have a better plan ?
I can ' t make out anything , the words are too light . I thought they have already changed the toner cartridge this month . It seems not or somebody has recently received a large fax . Ok , no problem . We do it ourselves .
It seems not or somebody has recently received a large fax . Ok , no problem . We do it ourselves . Do you know how to do it ? I am not so good at machine things . I will have somebody do it as soon as possible .
no , no , you helped me with my computer last week . I want to repay the favor . no , it's definitely my turn to treat you ... you paid last time ! oh , that was just a quick bite to eat---that doesn't count !
no , it's definitely my turn to treat you ... you paid last time ! oh , that was just a quick bite to eat---that doesn't count ! ok , ok , how about we just go Dutch ? It's settled . Listen , I'm still pretty new around here , would it be alright if you found the restaurant ?
Good morning , Mr Zhang , I wonder whether you have got an answer from your superior . Yes , we had a meting about it yesterday afternoon . What's the answer ?
Yes , we had a meting about it yesterday afternoon . What's the answer ? We decided that we could agree to your price , but we are a bit worried about the slow delivery .
What's the answer ? We decided that we could agree to your price , but we are a bit worried about the slow delivery . Let me see . I quoted your delivery in three months , didn't I ?
We decided that we could agree to your price , but we are a bit worried about the slow delivery . Let me see . I quoted your delivery in three months , didn't I ? Yes , but we hope that the wool could reach us as soon as possible .
Let me see . I quoted your delivery in three months , didn't I ? Yes , but we hope that the wool could reach us as soon as possible . I thought you would be worried about it . So I rang Auckland last night . As you are our biggest customer , they agreed to ship the order on the first vessel available that will leave Auckland next month .
Yes , but we hope that the wool could reach us as soon as possible . I thought you would be worried about it . So I rang Auckland last night . As you are our biggest customer , they agreed to ship the order on the first vessel available that will leave Auckland next month . Good , if you agree we'll draft the agreement right away and sign it then .
Did you lock the doors ? All except the back door . I left that open for Tim . He took the dog for a walk . Well , I'm going on to bed . I'm beat .
All except the back door . I left that open for Tim . He took the dog for a walk . Well , I'm going on to bed . I'm beat . Okay . I'm going to stay up a while . I've got to go over the household budget . We're a little overspent this month .
Well , I'm going on to bed . I'm beat . Okay . I'm going to stay up a while . I've got to go over the household budget . We're a little overspent this month . Please tell Tim to close the door to the basement . I don't want the dog down there tonight .
How do I submit an expense report ? You need all your receipts for reimbursement . You mean I have to attach the receipts with the expense report ?
Isn't it past your bedtime already ? I am not sleepy . It's getting late , and you have to wake up early tomorrow .
I am not sleepy . It's getting late , and you have to wake up early tomorrow . There is no way that I can fall asleep right now .
It's getting late , and you have to wake up early tomorrow . There is no way that I can fall asleep right now . Try listening to some soft music .
There is no way that I can fall asleep right now . Try listening to some soft music . It won't work . I'm nowhere close to being tired .
Try listening to some soft music . It won't work . I'm nowhere close to being tired . I really don't care , just go to sleep .
It won't work . I'm nowhere close to being tired . I really don't care , just go to sleep . What if I stay up and do something , until I get tired ?
I really don't care , just go to sleep . What if I stay up and do something , until I get tired ? You'll be up all night if I let you do that .
What if I stay up and do something , until I get tired ? You'll be up all night if I let you do that . I'm going to get to sleep eventually .
You'll be up all night if I let you do that . I'm going to get to sleep eventually . You need to go to sleep now , so go to sleep .
Why are you reading the classifieds ? What do you need ? I'm looking for a bookcase , but I don't want to buy a new one . Are you having any luck ?
I'm looking for a bookcase , but I don't want to buy a new one . Are you having any luck ? Not really . There aren't any used bookcases listed . But there are a few rummage sales on Saturday . I think I'll go to them .
Are you having any luck ? Not really . There aren't any used bookcases listed . But there are a few rummage sales on Saturday . I think I'll go to them . Do you mind if I go with you ?
Not really . There aren't any used bookcases listed . But there are a few rummage sales on Saturday . I think I'll go to them . Do you mind if I go with you ? Not at all . These private sales are great places to bargain . And sometimes you can find terrific things among all the junk .
Do you mind if I go with you ? Not at all . These private sales are great places to bargain . And sometimes you can find terrific things among all the junk . I learned to negotiate from my mother . I thought I was pretty good at bargaining , but I had a problem the other day at Kimble's Department Store .
Not at all . These private sales are great places to bargain . And sometimes you can find terrific things among all the junk . I learned to negotiate from my mother . I thought I was pretty good at bargaining , but I had a problem the other day at Kimble's Department Store . What happened ?
Would you like something to drink ? Yes please . Do you have any teas ? Of course we have lots of teas ?
Yes please . Do you have any teas ? Of course we have lots of teas ? What do you recommend ?
Of course we have lots of teas ? What do you recommend ? What about a green tea or perhaps a jasmine tea ?
What do you recommend ? What about a green tea or perhaps a jasmine tea ? What ' s this one ?
What about a green tea or perhaps a jasmine tea ? What ' s this one ? That ' s Oolong tea -- it ' s a Cantonese tea .
Hi . I need more amenities , please . Could you be a little more specific , sir ? Well , to be more specific , the free stuff , like soap , lotion , and shampoo .
Could you be a little more specific , sir ? Well , to be more specific , the free stuff , like soap , lotion , and shampoo . I understand . Now , you're saying that you've already used up all your amenities ?
Well , to be more specific , the free stuff , like soap , lotion , and shampoo . I understand . Now , you're saying that you've already used up all your amenities ? Oh , no ! I've got all I need for my stay here .
I understand . Now , you're saying that you've already used up all your amenities ? Oh , no ! I've got all I need for my stay here . So , what's the problem ?
Oh , no ! I've got all I need for my stay here . So , what's the problem ? I need souvenirs !
So , what's the problem ? I need souvenirs ! You want some souvenirs !
I need souvenirs ! You want some souvenirs ! Yes , yes . Souvenirs .
You want some souvenirs ! Yes , yes . Souvenirs . But , sir , our souvenir shop carries all those items .
Yes , yes . Souvenirs . But , sir , our souvenir shop carries all those items . That's not the same thing . If you buy hotel souvenirs , they have no sentimental value .
Can I help you , sir ? Yes , I'd like to look at some suits . Oh , this way please . What size do you wear ?
Yes , I'd like to look at some suits . Oh , this way please . What size do you wear ? Size 41 . I want something in dark flannel .
Oh , this way please . What size do you wear ? Size 41 . I want something in dark flannel . How about this one ?
Size 41 . I want something in dark flannel . How about this one ? It feels all right . But if it were a darker color , I'd like it better . This seems too light for winter . Do you think you could get me one ?
How about this one ? It feels all right . But if it were a darker color , I'd like it better . This seems too light for winter . Do you think you could get me one ? All right . I'll show you something darker . Do you like this one ?
It feels all right . But if it were a darker color , I'd like it better . This seems too light for winter . Do you think you could get me one ? All right . I'll show you something darker . Do you like this one ? It looks good . But can I try it on ?
All right . I'll show you something darker . Do you like this one ? It looks good . But can I try it on ? Of course . Let me help you .
It looks good . But can I try it on ? Of course . Let me help you . Thanks . It's comfortable . Well , how much is it , please ?
Of course . Let me help you . Thanks . It's comfortable . Well , how much is it , please ? $ 280 .
How many languages can you speak ? Besides Chinese , I can speak English and French . You mean you can read and write both of them ?
Besides Chinese , I can speak English and French . You mean you can read and write both of them ? No , I can only carry on a simple conversation in French .
You mean you can read and write both of them ? No , I can only carry on a simple conversation in French . Can you read and write English well ?
No , I can only carry on a simple conversation in French . Can you read and write English well ? I can speak the language better than read and write .
Can you read and write English well ? I can speak the language better than read and write . Do you speak the language well enough to communicate with people of English-speaking countries ?
I can speak the language better than read and write . Do you speak the language well enough to communicate with people of English-speaking countries ? I think so . I used to be an interpreter .
Do you speak the language well enough to communicate with people of English-speaking countries ? I think so . I used to be an interpreter . Do you think your English is good enough to do desk work ?
I'm going to buy a new living room set . Where are you going to buy one ? I'm really not sure .
Where are you going to buy one ? I'm really not sure . You like my living room set , don't you ?
I'm really not sure . You like my living room set , don't you ? Where did you buy it ?
You like my living room set , don't you ? Where did you buy it ? I found mine at IKEA .
Where did you buy it ? I found mine at IKEA . Are they expensive ?
I found mine at IKEA . Are they expensive ? Everything I got from IKEA cost me a couple thousand .
Are they expensive ? Everything I got from IKEA cost me a couple thousand . Is the furniture crafted well ?
Everything I got from IKEA cost me a couple thousand . Is the furniture crafted well ? The furniture isn't built cheap .
Is the furniture crafted well ? The furniture isn't built cheap . I'll pay the money , as long as I'm getting what I pay for .
I'd like to make sure my plane reservation is in order . May I have your flight number , please ? World Airlines , Flight 201 .
May I have your flight number , please ? World Airlines , Flight 201 . And your name , please ?
World Airlines , Flight 201 . And your name , please ? John Anderson .
And your name , please ? John Anderson . Yes , sir . You're booked on Flight 201 , leaving in one hour .
Hello , ma ' am . Can I help you ? I ' m looking for a sweater . What size are you looking for ?
I ' m looking for a sweater . What size are you looking for ? Well , I ' m looking for size 10 but you don ' t have it .
What size are you looking for ? Well , I ' m looking for size 10 but you don ' t have it . How about this one ? I think it looks terrific on you .
Well , I ' m looking for size 10 but you don ' t have it . How about this one ? I think it looks terrific on you . Yes , I like the color . Can I try it on ?
How about this one ? I think it looks terrific on you . Yes , I like the color . Can I try it on ? Sure . The fitting room is on your right .
Yes , I like the color . Can I try it on ? Sure . The fitting room is on your right . It fits well . I like it a lot . What do you think ?
Sure . The fitting room is on your right . It fits well . I like it a lot . What do you think ? You look pretty in red .
It fits well . I like it a lot . What do you think ? You look pretty in red . Oh , it ' s my favorite . How much is it ?
You look pretty in red . Oh , it ' s my favorite . How much is it ? $ 29 . 99 .
Oh , it ' s my favorite . How much is it ? $ 29 . 99 . Okay . I ' ll take it . Thank you very much for your help .
Good Morning . What can I do for you ? Good Morning , I have a bad cough , and I want to see an internist . Do you have a registration card ?
Good Morning , I have a bad cough , and I want to see an internist . Do you have a registration card ? No , I don ' t . I ' m a tourist .
Do you have a registration card ? No , I don ' t . I ' m a tourist . Then you need to register as a new patient . Can I have a look at you ID card ? I need your name , age , occupation , address and contacting number .
No , I don ' t . I ' m a tourist . Then you need to register as a new patient . Can I have a look at you ID card ? I need your name , age , occupation , address and contacting number . Here you are .
Then you need to register as a new patient . Can I have a look at you ID card ? I need your name , age , occupation , address and contacting number . Here you are . Thanks . Which kind of medicine do you prefer , western medicine or traditional Chinese medicine ?
Here you are . Thanks . Which kind of medicine do you prefer , western medicine or traditional Chinese medicine ? I ' d like to try traditional Chinese medicine . I heard it really works quite well if you know what you're doing .
Hello , this is Steven from Blue Sky Co . May I speak to Mr . James ? Speaking . Excuse my troubling you . You purchased our products last year and now I am following up to find out about their workings . Are they still in good condition now ?
Speaking . Excuse my troubling you . You purchased our products last year and now I am following up to find out about their workings . Are they still in good condition now ? Yeah , exactly ! I bought them last year . En ... at present , they are still in good state .
Excuse my troubling you . You purchased our products last year and now I am following up to find out about their workings . Are they still in good condition now ? Yeah , exactly ! I bought them last year . En ... at present , they are still in good state . That's it ! All of them have first-class quality and performance . Besides , we adopt advanced technology . Now we have developed new products . They are much better than what you have bought .
Yeah , exactly ! I bought them last year . En ... at present , they are still in good state . That's it ! All of them have first-class quality and performance . Besides , we adopt advanced technology . Now we have developed new products . They are much better than what you have bought . Your company is developing so fast . Maybe later on I will plan to buy more .
That's it ! All of them have first-class quality and performance . Besides , we adopt advanced technology . Now we have developed new products . They are much better than what you have bought . Your company is developing so fast . Maybe later on I will plan to buy more . That's great ! Thanks for your support . If any , please remember to call us . I am afraid I have to say goodbye now ! Bye , Mr . James !
My name is Mary , and I will be your waitress tonight . Thank you , Mary . We have been looking forward to trying out this restaurant . Before your main course , would you like to order an appetizer ?
Thank you , Mary . We have been looking forward to trying out this restaurant . Before your main course , would you like to order an appetizer ? Sure , that sounds great . Where are your appetizers listed ?
Before your main course , would you like to order an appetizer ? Sure , that sounds great . Where are your appetizers listed ? There is a special appetizer menu right here in the center of the table .
Sure , that sounds great . Where are your appetizers listed ? There is a special appetizer menu right here in the center of the table . The chicken and cheese quesadilla looks good . Is that pretty good ?
There is a special appetizer menu right here in the center of the table . The chicken and cheese quesadilla looks good . Is that pretty good ? You know , that is one of my favorites !
The chicken and cheese quesadilla looks good . Is that pretty good ? You know , that is one of my favorites ! OK , I'll take one order of that .
You know , that is one of my favorites ! OK , I'll take one order of that . You could choose another appetizer for half price to share .
Excuse me . Do you speak English ? Yes , I do . How can I help you ? Well , I've just arrived in my room , but there are no instructions in English about the facilities available ! Could you help me for a moment ?
Yes , I do . How can I help you ? Well , I've just arrived in my room , but there are no instructions in English about the facilities available ! Could you help me for a moment ? Of course not . What exactly would you like to know ?
Well , I've just arrived in my room , but there are no instructions in English about the facilities available ! Could you help me for a moment ? Of course not . What exactly would you like to know ? First , what is the number for room service ?
Of course not . What exactly would you like to know ? First , what is the number for room service ? It's 1200 . Room service is available 24 hours a day .
First , what is the number for room service ? It's 1200 . Room service is available 24 hours a day . Very good . Now , could you help me to adjust the air conditioning , please ? It's too hot in my room .
It's 1200 . Room service is available 24 hours a day . Very good . Now , could you help me to adjust the air conditioning , please ? It's too hot in my room . Yes , the control unit is on the wall next to the bathroom . Is 24 ° C all right ?
Very good . Now , could you help me to adjust the air conditioning , please ? It's too hot in my room . Yes , the control unit is on the wall next to the bathroom . Is 24 ° C all right ? Yes , that's perfect . Another thing , if need more items for the mini-bar , which Number should I call ?
Yes , the control unit is on the wall next to the bathroom . Is 24 ° C all right ? Yes , that's perfect . Another thing , if need more items for the mini-bar , which Number should I call ? You should call the Housekeeping Department on 2300 . They will replace any stock for you immediately .
Yes , that's perfect . Another thing , if need more items for the mini-bar , which Number should I call ? You should call the Housekeeping Department on 2300 . They will replace any stock for you immediately . I see . So , is it possible to make international phone calls from my room ?
You should call the Housekeeping Department on 2300 . They will replace any stock for you immediately . I see . So , is it possible to make international phone calls from my room ? That's no problem . Just dial 9 to get an outside line , and then dial the number as usual .
I see . So , is it possible to make international phone calls from my room ? That's no problem . Just dial 9 to get an outside line , and then dial the number as usual . Well , thanks a lot for your help .
That's no problem . Just dial 9 to get an outside line , and then dial the number as usual . Well , thanks a lot for your help . No problem , sir . If there's anything else you need , you can find me at the desk by the elevator , or you can call housekeeping if I'm not there .
Well , thanks a lot for your help . No problem , sir . If there's anything else you need , you can find me at the desk by the elevator , or you can call housekeeping if I'm not there . OK , goodbye .
What are you doing ? I ' m trying to put the vase on the shelf . Let regive you a hand .
What do you think of the project ? Very interesting . Thank you for bringing it to us . Are you interested in making this investment ?
Well , Mr . Smith . That ' s a nasty infection you have . Yes . Is there anything you can give me to get rid of it , Doctor ? I ' m going to prescribe some antibiotics , and some cream to ease the itching and burning .
Yes . Is there anything you can give me to get rid of it , Doctor ? I ' m going to prescribe some antibiotics , and some cream to ease the itching and burning . OK . Thank you . Where should I buy them ?
I ' m going to prescribe some antibiotics , and some cream to ease the itching and burning . OK . Thank you . Where should I buy them ? The pharmacy will give you a discount since you came to the clinic .
OK . Thank you . Where should I buy them ? The pharmacy will give you a discount since you came to the clinic . Great . What floor is the pharmacy on ?
The pharmacy will give you a discount since you came to the clinic . Great . What floor is the pharmacy on ? The fourth . I ' ll send the prescription down there , so you can just pick it up on your way out .
Please give me a piece of ' New York Daily ' . You are late . The last piece has sold out . Really ? Is there ' Wall Street Journal ' , please ?
You are late . The last piece has sold out . Really ? Is there ' Wall Street Journal ' , please ? There are several , take a piece . The crash appears in the headline . It is famous for offering catastrophe stories .
Really ? Is there ' Wall Street Journal ' , please ? There are several , take a piece . The crash appears in the headline . It is famous for offering catastrophe stories . I have a long flight for ten hours . I need to choose a magazine .
There are several , take a piece . The crash appears in the headline . It is famous for offering catastrophe stories . I have a long flight for ten hours . I need to choose a magazine . There are various magazines in the rack .
I have a long flight for ten hours . I need to choose a magazine . There are various magazines in the rack . Give me the latest issue of ' National Geographic ' .
There are various magazines in the rack . Give me the latest issue of ' National Geographic ' . That's the top magazine in America and is popular with young people . OK . It is totally 30 dollars .
Give me the latest issue of ' National Geographic ' . That's the top magazine in America and is popular with young people . OK . It is totally 30 dollars . Here you are .
It's your turn to go first . I went first last time . No , Mary went first last time .
Hello , how are you doing today ? I ' Ve been having trouble breathing lately . Have you had any type of cold lately ?
I ' Ve been having trouble breathing lately . Have you had any type of cold lately ? No , I haven ' t had a cold . I just have a heavy feeling in my chest when I try to breathe .
Have you had any type of cold lately ? No , I haven ' t had a cold . I just have a heavy feeling in my chest when I try to breathe . Do you have any allergies that you know of ?
No , I haven ' t had a cold . I just have a heavy feeling in my chest when I try to breathe . Do you have any allergies that you know of ? No , I don ' t have any allergies that I know of .
Do you have any allergies that you know of ? No , I don ' t have any allergies that I know of . Does this happen all the time or mostly when you are active ?
No , I don ' t have any allergies that I know of . Does this happen all the time or mostly when you are active ? It happens a lot when I work out .
Does this happen all the time or mostly when you are active ? It happens a lot when I work out . I am going to send you to a pulmonary specialist who can run tests on you for asthma .
Harry , come here immediately ! What ? Don't take that tone with me ! I saw you hit your brother .
What ? Don't take that tone with me ! I saw you hit your brother . No ! He hit me first .
Emergency road service . May I help you ? I have a flat tyre . All right . What's your membership card , please ?
I have a flat tyre . All right . What's your membership card , please ? 489 3362 1978 .
All right . What's your membership card , please ? 489 3362 1978 . And your name ?
489 3362 1978 . And your name ? Eve .
And your name ? Eve . What's the expiration date on your card ?
Eve . What's the expiration date on your card ? It's July 16,2009 .
What's the expiration date on your card ? It's July 16,2009 . Where is your car now ?
It's July 16,2009 . Where is your car now ? It's on the west street , near Royal Hotel .
Where is your car now ? It's on the west street , near Royal Hotel . And which direction were you going ?
It's on the west street , near Royal Hotel . And which direction were you going ? I was going west .
And which direction were you going ? I was going west . What is the make and model of your car ?
I was going west . What is the make and model of your car ? BMW 530 .
What is the make and model of your car ? BMW 530 . What color is it ?
BMW 530 . What color is it ? It's red .
What color is it ? It's red . What's your licence plate number ?
It's red . What's your licence plate number ? SAY 201 .
We need to take the accounts system offline to carry out the upgrade . But don't worry , it won't cause too much inconvenience . We're going to do it over the weekend . How long will the system be down for ? We'll be taking everything offline in about two hours ' time . It'll be down for a minimum of twelve hours . If everything goes according to plan , it should be up again by 6 pm on Saturday .
Hello . Mr . Othman ? This is Michael in Mr . Emory ' s office . He ' d like to set up and appointment with you to talk about buying a new copier . Sure , I ' d be glad to . What time frame did he have in mind ? He ' d like to do it as soon as possible , sir . How about tomorrow at 2:45 ?
Oh , I ' m staving . I ' d like to try some real Chinese cuisine . What would you recommend waiter ? Well , depends . You see , there are eight famous Chinese food cuisines , for instance , sichuan cuisine and HUNAN cuisine . There're all spicy or hot of heard .
Well , depends . You see , there are eight famous Chinese food cuisines , for instance , sichuan cuisine and HUNAN cuisine . There're all spicy or hot of heard . That ' s right . If you have hot dishes , you can try some .
There're all spicy or hot of heard . That ' s right . If you have hot dishes , you can try some . It might be too hot for me .
That ' s right . If you have hot dishes , you can try some . It might be too hot for me . And there are Cantonese cuisine and Kiangsu cuisine .. Most people like them .
It might be too hot for me . And there are Cantonese cuisine and Kiangsu cuisine .. Most people like them . What about any special Beijing dishes ?
And there are Cantonese cuisine and Kiangsu cuisine .. Most people like them . What about any special Beijing dishes ? There ' re Beijing roast duck .
What about any special Beijing dishes ? There ' re Beijing roast duck . OH , yes . I heard of a lot of about it . I like very much to try it . Where can I find it ?
There ' re Beijing roast duck . OH , yes . I heard of a lot of about it . I like very much to try it . Where can I find it ? You can find it in most restaurant . The best place certainly is Quanjude restaurant .
OH , yes . I heard of a lot of about it . I like very much to try it . Where can I find it ? You can find it in most restaurant . The best place certainly is Quanjude restaurant . Is it near here ?
You can find it in most restaurant . The best place certainly is Quanjude restaurant . Is it near here ? Not too near but not too far either . A taxi will take you there in fifteen minutes . the traffic is not too bad , I mean .
Is it near here ? Not too near but not too far either . A taxi will take you there in fifteen minutes . the traffic is not too bad , I mean . Well , thank you for your information . What ' s the name of that restaurant again ?
Not too near but not too far either . A taxi will take you there in fifteen minutes . the traffic is not too bad , I mean . Well , thank you for your information . What ' s the name of that restaurant again ? Let me write it down on a piece of paper for you . You can show to the taxi driver .
Hello , Can I speak to Tom , please ? I'm afraid he is not in at the moment . May I ask what time he will come back ?
I'm afraid he is not in at the moment . May I ask what time he will come back ? I think he will come back at 3 p . m . Do you want to call later ? Or would you like to leave a message for him ?
May I ask what time he will come back ? I think he will come back at 3 p . m . Do you want to call later ? Or would you like to leave a message for him ? I'd like to leave a message . Please ask him to call me back as soon as he returns . I'm A and he has my number .
I think he will come back at 3 p . m . Do you want to call later ? Or would you like to leave a message for him ? I'd like to leave a message . Please ask him to call me back as soon as he returns . I'm A and he has my number . OK . I will do that .
I'd like to leave a message . Please ask him to call me back as soon as he returns . I'm A and he has my number . OK . I will do that . Thank you very much . Bye .
What would you have ? I'll try Chinese wine . What about this dry red ? It's good indeed , it never goes to the head .
I'll try Chinese wine . What about this dry red ? It's good indeed , it never goes to the head . OK . Give me one , please .
What about this dry red ? It's good indeed , it never goes to the head . OK . Give me one , please . Here it is .
OK . Give me one , please . Here it is . Thank you .
Peter , go and tidy up your toys now . Wait a moment , mom . I'm mad ! I said now ! Turn off the TV , and do it now .
Wait a moment , mom . I'm mad ! I said now ! Turn off the TV , and do it now . Mom , just ten more minutes . The show is going to be over soon .
Hello Mr . Jones , please have a seat . Thank you for coming in today . I have read your resume . You completed University in England ? Yes , I went to Cambridge . After graduation , I started right away into the advertising industry . Later , I made a bit of a switch to focus on marketing research . So , what experience do you have ?
Yes , I went to Cambridge . After graduation , I started right away into the advertising industry . Later , I made a bit of a switch to focus on marketing research . So , what experience do you have ? I have ten years marketing experience . This includes both entry level and management positions . In my last position , I worked my way up to being director of the marking department .
So , what experience do you have ? I have ten years marketing experience . This includes both entry level and management positions . In my last position , I worked my way up to being director of the marking department . I can see that from your resume . Your last position was marketing director for a pharmaceutical company , is that right ? Later , why did you decide to leave your former post ?
I have ten years marketing experience . This includes both entry level and management positions . In my last position , I worked my way up to being director of the marking department . I can see that from your resume . Your last position was marketing director for a pharmaceutical company , is that right ? Later , why did you decide to leave your former post ? I felt after five years in one place , I was ready for something new . I would like to have a job that is challenging , something that I can see and do new things every day . I loved many things about my former job , and I left with amiable feelings on both sides . I was just ready for something new .
I can see that from your resume . Your last position was marketing director for a pharmaceutical company , is that right ? Later , why did you decide to leave your former post ? I felt after five years in one place , I was ready for something new . I would like to have a job that is challenging , something that I can see and do new things every day . I loved many things about my former job , and I left with amiable feelings on both sides . I was just ready for something new . I see . Do you want to work full-time or part-time ?
I felt after five years in one place , I was ready for something new . I would like to have a job that is challenging , something that I can see and do new things every day . I loved many things about my former job , and I left with amiable feelings on both sides . I was just ready for something new . I see . Do you want to work full-time or part-time ? I would rather work full-time .
I see . Do you want to work full-time or part-time ? I would rather work full-time . I'll make note of that . Now , what are your salary expectations ?
Welcome to the McDonald's . What will it be for you , madam ? One Big Mac and French Fries . Is there anything else ?
One Big Mac and French Fries . Is there anything else ? Give me one coke , please .
Is there anything else ? Give me one coke , please . Is this to go or to eat here ?
Give me one coke , please . Is this to go or to eat here ? To go , please .
Is this to go or to eat here ? To go , please . That comes to four dollars and ten cents .
To go , please . That comes to four dollars and ten cents . And can I have some ketchup , please ?
Did you check before you left the shop ? Yes , I did . But when I got home , my son put it on and we found the hole . Really ? Let me have a look at it . Mm . OK . Let me change it for another one .
How may I help you today ? I need to open a second account . What kind of account would you like to open ?
I need to open a second account . What kind of account would you like to open ? I need another savings account .
What kind of account would you like to open ? I need another savings account . Do you have another account with us ?
I need another savings account . Do you have another account with us ? I sure do .
Do you have another account with us ? I sure do . Would you like to transfer money from that account into your new one ?
I sure do . Would you like to transfer money from that account into your new one ? That ' s fine .
Would you like to transfer money from that account into your new one ? That ' s fine . How much would you like to transfer ?
That ' s fine . How much would you like to transfer ? Transfer $ 100 .
How much would you like to transfer ? Transfer $ 100 . Give me a moment while I complete your transaction .
What are you doing here today ? I would like to fight my ticket . Is the arresting officer in the courtroom today ?
I would like to fight my ticket . Is the arresting officer in the courtroom today ? Yes , the officer is here today .
Is the arresting officer in the courtroom today ? Yes , the officer is here today . What's your case ?
Yes , the officer is here today . What's your case ? I was pulled over for running a red light , but I never did .
What's your case ? I was pulled over for running a red light , but I never did . Do you believe that the officer lied ?
I was pulled over for running a red light , but I never did . Do you believe that the officer lied ? There was a camera on the signal . So , he was obviously lying .
Do you believe that the officer lied ? There was a camera on the signal . So , he was obviously lying . Your license plate was caught on camera ?
There was a camera on the signal . So , he was obviously lying . Your license plate was caught on camera ? A picture of my license plate was never taken .
Your license plate was caught on camera ? A picture of my license plate was never taken . Since there is no picture of your license plate on record , I'm going to let you go .
Why is the car before us stopping ? What's going on ? Look . Two cars are standing right in the middle of the road and the drivers are shouting rude words to each other . That's why that car stops .
What's going on ? Look . Two cars are standing right in the middle of the road and the drivers are shouting rude words to each other . That's why that car stops . More and more people easily get irritated while driving .
I think that you look very cute today . Is that right ? This is a brand new outfit . What store did you get it from ?
Is that right ? This is a brand new outfit . What store did you get it from ? I went to Macy's and picked it out .
What store did you get it from ? I went to Macy's and picked it out . I love your outfit right now .
I went to Macy's and picked it out . I love your outfit right now . Well , I think you look nice today too .
I love your outfit right now . Well , I think you look nice today too . Thanks . I found these new shoes earlier at the store .
Well , I think you look nice today too . Thanks . I found these new shoes earlier at the store . I think that those are some really nice shoes . What kind are they ?
Thanks . I found these new shoes earlier at the store . I think that those are some really nice shoes . What kind are they ? These are Chucks .
I think that those are some really nice shoes . What kind are they ? These are Chucks . Your shoes look really nice . How much did you get them for ?
These are Chucks . Your shoes look really nice . How much did you get them for ? They only cost me about forty dollars .
Could you help me with these books ? My hands are full . Can ' t you see that ? Please , George .
Excuse me . I have just missed the connection plane due to the heavy fog in London . Can I change my ticket now ? Please Show your ticket and passport . Here you are .
Please Show your ticket and passport . Here you are . Which flight do you want to change ?
Could I see the manager please ? I have a complaint to make . Yes , I ' m the manager here . What can I do for you , Madam ? Did you have the room checked before we move in ?
Yes , I ' m the manager here . What can I do for you , Madam ? Did you have the room checked before we move in ? Which room are you in ?
Did you have the room checked before we move in ? Which room are you in ? 1808 . The toilet doesn ' t work properly ; the water doesn ' t run in the shower .
shall we dance ? sure . i suppose you dance much . oh . no as a matter of fact , i haven't danced for a long time .
sure . i suppose you dance much . oh . no as a matter of fact , i haven't danced for a long time . but i can see you dance wonderfully well .
oh . no as a matter of fact , i haven't danced for a long time . but i can see you dance wonderfully well . thanks for flattering me .  i think you dance much right ?
but i can see you dance wonderfully well . thanks for flattering me .  i think you dance much right ? no , just occasionally
thanks for flattering me .  i think you dance much right ? no , just occasionally oh , i like this music very much , let's tango .
Is everything to your satisfaction ? No , the steak was recommended , but it is not very fresh . Oh , sorry to hear that . This is quite unusual . I will look into the matter .
No , the steak was recommended , but it is not very fresh . Oh , sorry to hear that . This is quite unusual . I will look into the matter . This is very annoying .
Oh , sorry to hear that . This is quite unusual . I will look into the matter . This is very annoying . I'm sorry , sir . Do you wish to try something else ? That would be on the house , of course .
This is very annoying . I'm sorry , sir . Do you wish to try something else ? That would be on the house , of course . No , I don't risk it .
I'm sorry , sir . Do you wish to try something else ? That would be on the house , of course . No , I don't risk it . How about a delicious dessert then , with our compliment ?
No , I don't risk it . How about a delicious dessert then , with our compliment ? I'm not keen on dessert as a habit . They are fattening .
Yes , emergency . There is a huge fire here . Calm down , sir . What's your name and where are you now ? My name is Jerry and we are on the intersection of West Road and East Road .
You're looking rather pale , why ? I couldn't sleep well recently . You'd get plenty of sleep for you work so hard .
I couldn't sleep well recently . You'd get plenty of sleep for you work so hard . I always drink too much wine in the evening .
You'd get plenty of sleep for you work so hard . I always drink too much wine in the evening . You shan't drink more wine in the evening .
I always drink too much wine in the evening . You shan't drink more wine in the evening . Yes , you are right .
You shan't drink more wine in the evening . Yes , you are right . And you'd take some exercise every day .
Ahhs ! I'm beat ! What happened to you ? You look like you got hit by a tornado ! I just got back from fighting the crowds .
What happened to you ? You look like you got hit by a tornado ! I just got back from fighting the crowds . You mean at the mall ? Was there a sale ?
I just got back from fighting the crowds . You mean at the mall ? Was there a sale ? Yeah . For five minutes , everything was half off . It was total chaos ...
You mean at the mall ? Was there a sale ? Yeah . For five minutes , everything was half off . It was total chaos ... Cool !
Right , let me run through your options . You can go ahead and cash your undue Large-Amount Deposit Certificate if you really want to , but I'd recommend a Personal Durable Commodities Loan . OK , what does that entail ? It's not too much trouble to do it this way and remember , your certificate is due in 2 months . If you can hold on to it , it'll be much better for your finances .
OK , what does that entail ? It's not too much trouble to do it this way and remember , your certificate is due in 2 months . If you can hold on to it , it'll be much better for your finances . Yes , it does seem a little silly to cash it now . I'll probably need about 25,000 RIB . Will that be a problem ?
It's not too much trouble to do it this way and remember , your certificate is due in 2 months . If you can hold on to it , it'll be much better for your finances . Yes , it does seem a little silly to cash it now . I'll probably need about 25,000 RIB . Will that be a problem ? Not at all , Mr Zu . As the certificate is due in 2 months , you can get the loan on mortgage of that certificate .
Yes , it does seem a little silly to cash it now . I'll probably need about 25,000 RIB . Will that be a problem ? Not at all , Mr Zu . As the certificate is due in 2 months , you can get the loan on mortgage of that certificate . I'm glad you thought of this . I'd have just gone ahead and cashed it ! And I suppose I can use the money from the certificate to pay back this Personal Durable Commodities Loan and I won't lose any interest , right ?
Not at all , Mr Zu . As the certificate is due in 2 months , you can get the loan on mortgage of that certificate . I'm glad you thought of this . I'd have just gone ahead and cashed it ! And I suppose I can use the money from the certificate to pay back this Personal Durable Commodities Loan and I won't lose any interest , right ? Exactly right . If you'd like to go ahead , I can process that for you now , Mr Zu .
I was really glad to hear about your award . Congratulations ! Thanks , Denise . Actually , I was really surprised . I mean , there were a lot of qualified people out there . Sure . But the work you did was really exceptional ! You definitely deserved it !
Look , Mary ! There are so many people over there ! Oh , I remember , there is a job fair in the personnel market . I have never been to the personnel market .
Oh , I remember , there is a job fair in the personnel market . I have never been to the personnel market . Really ? I have been there several times .
I have never been to the personnel market . Really ? I have been there several times . Are there many employers ?
Really ? I have been there several times . Are there many employers ? Yes . The personnel market is a place specially for job-hunters and employers .
Are there many employers ? Yes . The personnel market is a place specially for job-hunters and employers . So there will be many large companies in the personnel market , right ?
Yes . The personnel market is a place specially for job-hunters and employers . So there will be many large companies in the personnel market , right ? Yes , there are many famous corporations .
So there will be many large companies in the personnel market , right ? Yes , there are many famous corporations . When will there be a job fair ?
Yes , there are many famous corporations . When will there be a job fair ? Every Saturday and Sunday
When will there be a job fair ? Every Saturday and Sunday Do I need to pay to go into the personnel market ?
Every Saturday and Sunday Do I need to pay to go into the personnel market ? No , it's free .
Do I need to pay to go into the personnel market ? No , it's free . How about going there to have a look now ?
Now people are talking about world recession which started more than a year ago . Can you give us your personal assessment of the situation of the global economy ? As you know , we are in a very special time . This is a very hard time for many countries ' economics , both developed and developing . I think the current economic situation could be described as synchronized slowdown of major economies . What is the direct impact of the terrorist attack upon your country's economy ?
As you know , we are in a very special time . This is a very hard time for many countries ' economics , both developed and developing . I think the current economic situation could be described as synchronized slowdown of major economies . What is the direct impact of the terrorist attack upon your country's economy ? Once the US economy is in trouble due to the terrorist attack , the impact could be quickly felt in the rest of the world .
What is the direct impact of the terrorist attack upon your country's economy ? Once the US economy is in trouble due to the terrorist attack , the impact could be quickly felt in the rest of the world . What challenges is your country's economy facing at the moment ?
Come in and sit down . Thanks , Mr . Liang . Among all the assistants , I think you're on top of it . Based on the annual evaluation , the board of directors decided to give you a bonus .
Thanks , Mr . Liang . Among all the assistants , I think you're on top of it . Based on the annual evaluation , the board of directors decided to give you a bonus . Really ? I am too happy .
Among all the assistants , I think you're on top of it . Based on the annual evaluation , the board of directors decided to give you a bonus . Really ? I am too happy . I've been reviewing your work over the past few months . Thanks to your excellent work , we benefit much from your project . And you should get the perfect attendance award too .
Really ? I am too happy . I've been reviewing your work over the past few months . Thanks to your excellent work , we benefit much from your project . And you should get the perfect attendance award too . Thanks for your trust . Owing to my colleagues ' help , I've successfully completed my task .
I've been reviewing your work over the past few months . Thanks to your excellent work , we benefit much from your project . And you should get the perfect attendance award too . Thanks for your trust . Owing to my colleagues ' help , I've successfully completed my task . You are very modest and diligent . The distribution of bonus derived from the performance evaluation . You deserve it .
Operator . May I help you ? Yes . How do I get an outside line , please ? Just dial 0 , wait for the dial tone , and then dial the phone number you want to call . Or we can place a call for you , if you want .
I like Chinese food . I like Chinese food , too . I like dumplings best . At school , we sometimes have Chinese food for lunch .
I like Chinese food , too . I like dumplings best . At school , we sometimes have Chinese food for lunch . That's good . We eat Chinese food only at the Chinese restaurant .
At school , we sometimes have Chinese food for lunch . That's good . We eat Chinese food only at the Chinese restaurant . My mother can make some Chinese food .
So , what do you plan to do today ? There is a Matisse exhibition at the Museum of Modern Art . Larry and I will go . Did you buy tickets already ?
There is a Matisse exhibition at the Museum of Modern Art . Larry and I will go . Did you buy tickets already ? No . Do we need tickets ?
Did you buy tickets already ? No . Do we need tickets ? Well , probably . Probably you will have to wait in line if you don't have tickets .
No . Do we need tickets ? Well , probably . Probably you will have to wait in line if you don't have tickets . Outside or inside ?
Well , probably . Probably you will have to wait in line if you don't have tickets . Outside or inside ? Outside , on the sidewalk .
Outside or inside ? Outside , on the sidewalk . Hmm . It's very cold today . But I brought my jacket . Maybe it will be alright to wait .
Outside , on the sidewalk . Hmm . It's very cold today . But I brought my jacket . Maybe it will be alright to wait . The MYOMA is very popular . There will be a lot of people .
Hmm . It's very cold today . But I brought my jacket . Maybe it will be alright to wait . The MYOMA is very popular . There will be a lot of people . MYOMA ? What's that ?
The MYOMA is very popular . There will be a lot of people . MYOMA ? What's that ? Oh , sorry . It stands for the Museum of Modern Art . It's an acronym . M O M A MYOMA .
MYOMA ? What's that ? Oh , sorry . It stands for the Museum of Modern Art . It's an acronym . M O M A MYOMA . I see . Do you have any suggestions for other things we should do ?
Oh , sorry . It stands for the Museum of Modern Art . It's an acronym . M O M A MYOMA . I see . Do you have any suggestions for other things we should do ? I suggest you go to the Jewish Museum . It ' s not far from the Guggenheim , near Central Park . It is really very interesting . Also , there is a great museum of medieval European art further up north . It ' s called the Cloisters .
I see . Do you have any suggestions for other things we should do ? I suggest you go to the Jewish Museum . It ' s not far from the Guggenheim , near Central Park . It is really very interesting . Also , there is a great museum of medieval European art further up north . It ' s called the Cloisters . How can we get up there ?
I suggest you go to the Jewish Museum . It ' s not far from the Guggenheim , near Central Park . It is really very interesting . Also , there is a great museum of medieval European art further up north . It ' s called the Cloisters . How can we get up there ? You can take a bus .
What kind of place shall we rent ? It should be close to the university . Neither of us are good at getting up in the mornings and closer it is , the later we can get up . Absolutely . That's the most important thing to take into consideration . I'm not too worried about the size of the flat .
It should be close to the university . Neither of us are good at getting up in the mornings and closer it is , the later we can get up . Absolutely . That's the most important thing to take into consideration . I'm not too worried about the size of the flat . Neither am I . so a small place is ok , but we'll get a bigger one if it's not expensive . Do you mind if it's in a noisy area .
Absolutely . That's the most important thing to take into consideration . I'm not too worried about the size of the flat . Neither am I . so a small place is ok , but we'll get a bigger one if it's not expensive . Do you mind if it's in a noisy area . I don't mind . I'm not a light sleeper , but quieter is better for when we have to study at home .
Neither am I . so a small place is ok , but we'll get a bigger one if it's not expensive . Do you mind if it's in a noisy area . I don't mind . I'm not a light sleeper , but quieter is better for when we have to study at home . Good point . Ok , let's go to the estate agent and see what they can offer us .
I don't mind . I'm not a light sleeper , but quieter is better for when we have to study at home . Good point . Ok , let's go to the estate agent and see what they can offer us . Yes , if we're lucky we'll find something in the next few days . I think you had a good idea to start flat hunting early .
Good point . Ok , let's go to the estate agent and see what they can offer us . Yes , if we're lucky we'll find something in the next few days . I think you had a good idea to start flat hunting early . How much do you think the rent will be ?
Excuse me . May I take you a picture ? With pleasure . Thanks you . Shall we stand a bit further ? I would like to take the tower in .
With pleasure . Thanks you . Shall we stand a bit further ? I would like to take the tower in . No problem .
Thanks you . Shall we stand a bit further ? I would like to take the tower in . No problem . That's OK . If you want the photo I will mail it to you .
Do you develop films here ? Yes , we shall . What size do you like ? Well , the 4 x 6 is fine .
Yes , we shall . What size do you like ? Well , the 4 x 6 is fine . Which do you prefer , color or black and white ?
Well , the 4 x 6 is fine . Which do you prefer , color or black and white ? The last one is black and white , all the rest should need color .
Which do you prefer , color or black and white ? The last one is black and white , all the rest should need color . OK .
The last one is black and white , all the rest should need color . OK . I hope they will come out well . When should I pick them up ?
OK . I hope they will come out well . When should I pick them up ? They will be ready at noon tomorrow . Each negative develops one print , right ?
I hope they will come out well . When should I pick them up ? They will be ready at noon tomorrow . Each negative develops one print , right ? Yes , it is . And develop them as glossy as possible .
They will be ready at noon tomorrow . Each negative develops one print , right ? Yes , it is . And develop them as glossy as possible . No problem . Do you need another film ?
Yes , it is . And develop them as glossy as possible . No problem . Do you need another film ? Yes , a roll of Kodak film please .
Bob from accounting is on the line . Do you want to speak with him ? Yes , I need to talk to him . I'll put the call through then .
the air quality in this city is horrendous ! The pollution levels were so high that we weren't supposed to go outside with a face mask again ! exhaust fumes from vehicles cause a great deal of damage to the environment . on top of that , there are a few large chemical factories in the suburbs , which are contributing to the high pollution levels in the water and the air in this city .
exhaust fumes from vehicles cause a great deal of damage to the environment . on top of that , there are a few large chemical factories in the suburbs , which are contributing to the high pollution levels in the water and the air in this city . as much as I love this city , I think I'm going to have to find a greener city to live in . Living in a polluted city like this just can't be good for my health .
on top of that , there are a few large chemical factories in the suburbs , which are contributing to the high pollution levels in the water and the air in this city . as much as I love this city , I think I'm going to have to find a greener city to live in . Living in a polluted city like this just can't be good for my health . I know what you mean . However , there are so few places left that have not been affected by global warming . If it's not the pollution , then it's the natural disasters , deforestation , or the greenhouse
as much as I love this city , I think I'm going to have to find a greener city to live in . Living in a polluted city like this just can't be good for my health . I know what you mean . However , there are so few places left that have not been affected by global warming . If it's not the pollution , then it's the natural disasters , deforestation , or the greenhouse what is the greenhouse effect exactly ?
I know what you mean . However , there are so few places left that have not been affected by global warming . If it's not the pollution , then it's the natural disasters , deforestation , or the greenhouse what is the greenhouse effect exactly ? it's the gradual rise in the earth's temperature .
what is the greenhouse effect exactly ? it's the gradual rise in the earth's temperature . I see , so it's similar to global warming ?
it's the gradual rise in the earth's temperature . I see , so it's similar to global warming ? they're related to one another , yes .
I see , so it's similar to global warming ? they're related to one another , yes . I heard that some people in England are pleased with the fact that the climate is becoming warmer because it's making their towns a more pleasant place to live .
they're related to one another , yes . I heard that some people in England are pleased with the fact that the climate is becoming warmer because it's making their towns a more pleasant place to live . people joke about the benefits of the increase in temperature , but it's not all good news . They've been experiencing a lot of deadly storms there as well .
I heard that some people in England are pleased with the fact that the climate is becoming warmer because it's making their towns a more pleasant place to live . people joke about the benefits of the increase in temperature , but it's not all good news . They've been experiencing a lot of deadly storms there as well . people always seem to make jokes as a way to deal with unfortunate situations .
I think this spring is a good time for us to start looking . We should plan to move out of here before July . I'm tired of living in apartments . I know , dear . I am too . But we've just been too busy to look for a house .
We should plan to move out of here before July . I'm tired of living in apartments . I know , dear . I am too . But we've just been too busy to look for a house . We need to find a good realtor .
I know , dear . I am too . But we've just been too busy to look for a house . We need to find a good realtor . Not necessarily . If we use a realtor to find a house , it will be more expensive .
We need to find a good realtor . Not necessarily . If we use a realtor to find a house , it will be more expensive . What do you mean ?
Not necessarily . If we use a realtor to find a house , it will be more expensive . What do you mean ? Realtors always get a commission . If the realtor helps us find something , we have to pay him .
What do you mean ? Realtors always get a commission . If the realtor helps us find something , we have to pay him . But doesn't a realtor help with the contract ? I thought they take care of all the legal troubles .
Realtors always get a commission . If the realtor helps us find something , we have to pay him . But doesn't a realtor help with the contract ? I thought they take care of all the legal troubles . Yes , that's often true . But you have to pay them .
But doesn't a realtor help with the contract ? I thought they take care of all the legal troubles . Yes , that's often true . But you have to pay them . I still think we should have a realtor . We ' re new in this country . We don't know all the laws of buying a house . And also , the realtor will inspect the house . He can tell us if the house has
Yes , that's often true . But you have to pay them . I still think we should have a realtor . We ' re new in this country . We don't know all the laws of buying a house . And also , the realtor will inspect the house . He can tell us if the house has Of course we need a home inspector . But we can hire an inspector on our own . And as for the legal problems , I have friends . They can help us .
I still think we should have a realtor . We ' re new in this country . We don't know all the laws of buying a house . And also , the realtor will inspect the house . He can tell us if the house has Of course we need a home inspector . But we can hire an inspector on our own . And as for the legal problems , I have friends . They can help us . So how can we find a house if we don't have a realtor ?
Of course we need a home inspector . But we can hire an inspector on our own . And as for the legal problems , I have friends . They can help us . So how can we find a house if we don't have a realtor ? It takes a little more time . We have to check the ads in the paper . Probably also there are special real estate magazines with ads . Then we have to drive to the homes and look at them .
So how can we find a house if we don't have a realtor ? It takes a little more time . We have to check the ads in the paper . Probably also there are special real estate magazines with ads . Then we have to drive to the homes and look at them . And doesn't the person selling the house have a realtor ?
It takes a little more time . We have to check the ads in the paper . Probably also there are special real estate magazines with ads . Then we have to drive to the homes and look at them . And doesn't the person selling the house have a realtor ? Sometimes they do , sometimes they don't . It's best to find someone who is selling by themselves .
And doesn't the person selling the house have a realtor ? Sometimes they do , sometimes they don't . It's best to find someone who is selling by themselves . Why ?
Sometimes they do , sometimes they don't . It's best to find someone who is selling by themselves . Why ? Because if the seller has a realtor , their price will be higher . He will have to pay a commission to the realtor .
Why ? Because if the seller has a realtor , their price will be higher . He will have to pay a commission to the realtor . Hmm . It all sounds very complicated .
Because if the seller has a realtor , their price will be higher . He will have to pay a commission to the realtor . Hmm . It all sounds very complicated . It is . But buying a house is very important . So it takes time . That ' s why we haven't done it yet . It's very troublesome .
Hmm . It all sounds very complicated . It is . But buying a house is very important . So it takes time . That ' s why we haven't done it yet . It's very troublesome . I want to look in the papers today . Maybe we can see something we like .
Hello , Fred . What are you doing ? I'm doing the business online . Can you tell me the concept of e-commerce ? Now , many people mentioned the word , ' e-commerce ' , in front of me .
I'm doing the business online . Can you tell me the concept of e-commerce ? Now , many people mentioned the word , ' e-commerce ' , in front of me . E-commerce , or Electronic Commerce is the practice of purchasing and selling products or services over the Internet .
Can you tell me the concept of e-commerce ? Now , many people mentioned the word , ' e-commerce ' , in front of me . E-commerce , or Electronic Commerce is the practice of purchasing and selling products or services over the Internet . What kinds of channels can you use in e-commerce ?
E-commerce , or Electronic Commerce is the practice of purchasing and selling products or services over the Internet . What kinds of channels can you use in e-commerce ? We can complete a trade by email , electronic data interchange and smart cards , and so on .
What kinds of channels can you use in e-commerce ? We can complete a trade by email , electronic data interchange and smart cards , and so on . What are the benefits of e-commerce ?
We can complete a trade by email , electronic data interchange and smart cards , and so on . What are the benefits of e-commerce ? Firstly , it can overcome the geographic limitation . And secondly , e-commerce can lower the internal costs . And thirdly , people like us , can also open stores on Internet .
What are we going to do ? I can't get the car out of this ditch . I'm stuck ! I'm worried , Tom . I haven't seen any other cars for almost an hour . I know . This is terrible . What can we do ? This snow doesn't stop falling !
I'm worried , Tom . I haven't seen any other cars for almost an hour . I know . This is terrible . What can we do ? This snow doesn't stop falling ! I told you we should have stayed in town today . The weather report said 100 percent chance of snow . Why did you want to come up here ?
I know . This is terrible . What can we do ? This snow doesn't stop falling ! I told you we should have stayed in town today . The weather report said 100 percent chance of snow . Why did you want to come up here ? I wanted to show you the cabin . We only had another half-hour to go .
I told you we should have stayed in town today . The weather report said 100 percent chance of snow . Why did you want to come up here ? I wanted to show you the cabin . We only had another half-hour to go . Well , now we're stuck . What can we do ?
I wanted to show you the cabin . We only had another half-hour to go . Well , now we're stuck . What can we do ? I don't know .
Well , now we're stuck . What can we do ? I don't know . I've heard that when this happens , it's important to save energy .
I don't know . I've heard that when this happens , it's important to save energy . What do you mean ?
I've heard that when this happens , it's important to save energy . What do you mean ? We're stranded here , Tom . We may be here a long time . We need to conserve the gas in the car . The car's energy is what will keep us warm .
What do you mean ? We're stranded here , Tom . We may be here a long time . We need to conserve the gas in the car . The car's energy is what will keep us warm . I have plenty of gas .
We're stranded here , Tom . We may be here a long time . We need to conserve the gas in the car . The car's energy is what will keep us warm . I have plenty of gas . Yes , but the gas and the battery both have to stay working . We can't just let the car run and run . If we do , it will die soon . Then we'll freeze .
I have plenty of gas . Yes , but the gas and the battery both have to stay working . We can't just let the car run and run . If we do , it will die soon . Then we'll freeze . So what can we do ?
Yes , but the gas and the battery both have to stay working . We can't just let the car run and run . If we do , it will die soon . Then we'll freeze . So what can we do ? Turn the lights off . Then , run the car and the heater only about fifteen minutes every hour . That will conserve the heat as long as possible .
So what can we do ? Turn the lights off . Then , run the car and the heater only about fifteen minutes every hour . That will conserve the heat as long as possible . Alright . That's a good idea .
Turn the lights off . Then , run the car and the heater only about fifteen minutes every hour . That will conserve the heat as long as possible . Alright . That's a good idea . I wish we hadn't come up here . Now we'll probably be here for days .
Alright . That's a good idea . I wish we hadn't come up here . Now we'll probably be here for days . Days ?
I wish we hadn't come up here . Now we'll probably be here for days . Days ? Yes , it happens . That is what happens in big snowstorms . People get stranded for days .
Days ? Yes , it happens . That is what happens in big snowstorms . People get stranded for days . Oh , my God ! It's good we have food .
How much is your last salary ? I have earned 10,000 a year including bonuses . How much do you want us to pay you ?
What's the name of this street ? University Street . Do you know of any banks near here ?
Can I borrow five bucks ? No ! Come on ! I'll pay you back on Tuesday .
No ! Come on ! I'll pay you back on Tuesday . Last time I lent you money , you never paid me back .
Come on ! I'll pay you back on Tuesday . Last time I lent you money , you never paid me back . I promise if you lend me five dollars today , I will repay you in full next week .
Last time I lent you money , you never paid me back . I promise if you lend me five dollars today , I will repay you in full next week . Ok , but I'm taking your skateboard as collateral .
I promise if you lend me five dollars today , I will repay you in full next week . Ok , but I'm taking your skateboard as collateral . Fine ! I can't believe you don't trust me .
Mr . Li , I come to remind you of the meeting scheduled at 11 o'clock this morning . Oh , that's right . And the general manager asked me to report the company's sales for last year at the meeting . By the way , the meeting will be held in your office .
Oh , that's right . And the general manager asked me to report the company's sales for last year at the meeting . By the way , the meeting will be held in your office . OK , thank you very much .
What can I do for you today ? I need to buy a new refrigerator today . Were you looking at a particular refrigerator ?
I need to buy a new refrigerator today . Were you looking at a particular refrigerator ? I like that Kenmore refrigerator .
Were you looking at a particular refrigerator ? I like that Kenmore refrigerator . This particular refrigerator is a very good choice .
I like that Kenmore refrigerator . This particular refrigerator is a very good choice . Tell me about it .
This particular refrigerator is a very good choice . Tell me about it . Not only is it affordable , but it comes with all the appliances .
Tell me about it . Not only is it affordable , but it comes with all the appliances . What are the appliances .
Not only is it affordable , but it comes with all the appliances . What are the appliances . It has an ice maker , water dispenser , and plenty of room on the inside .
What are the appliances . It has an ice maker , water dispenser , and plenty of room on the inside . I'd like to see it for myself .
It has an ice maker , water dispenser , and plenty of room on the inside . I'd like to see it for myself . Go right ahead .
How often does the bus run ? Every five minutes . Oh , here comes a bus !
I often sneeze after having a bad itch inside my nose . Sometimes this is accompanied by an itching throat . Any other discomfort ? Yes . Sometimes I can notice a constriction in the chest and shortness of breath after a fit of sneezing . And I often suffer from a running nose with a profuse watery discharge .
Any other discomfort ? Yes . Sometimes I can notice a constriction in the chest and shortness of breath after a fit of sneezing . And I often suffer from a running nose with a profuse watery discharge . Does it occur seasonally or all year round ?
Yes . Sometimes I can notice a constriction in the chest and shortness of breath after a fit of sneezing . And I often suffer from a running nose with a profuse watery discharge . Does it occur seasonally or all year round ? It has been seasonal during these past three years .
Does it occur seasonally or all year round ? It has been seasonal during these past three years . Are you sensitive to other things ?
It has been seasonal during these past three years . Are you sensitive to other things ? Yes , things like seafood and penicillin-type drugs .
Are you sensitive to other things ? Yes , things like seafood and penicillin-type drugs . OK . Let me examine your nose . According to your case history and the examination , I believe that it's allergic rhinitis .
Yes , things like seafood and penicillin-type drugs . OK . Let me examine your nose . According to your case history and the examination , I believe that it's allergic rhinitis . What useful treatment can you offer ?
We've been waiting here for nearly ten minutes now , and there still isn't a bus in sight . I'm afraid we'll be late for the party . Have you got the time , Tom ?
I'm afraid we'll be late for the party . Have you got the time , Tom ? Yes , my watch says a quarter to seven . but there is something wrong with my watch !
Have you got the time , Tom ? Yes , my watch says a quarter to seven . but there is something wrong with my watch ! But you bought it only last month .
Yes , my watch says a quarter to seven . but there is something wrong with my watch ! But you bought it only last month . Yes , but ever since I bought it , it gains about five minutes a day , so I ' Ve got to have it repaired .
But you bought it only last month . Yes , but ever since I bought it , it gains about five minutes a day , so I ' Ve got to have it repaired . How long will it take us to get there ?
Yes , but ever since I bought it , it gains about five minutes a day , so I ' Ve got to have it repaired . How long will it take us to get there ? I think about ten minutes by bus .
How long will it take us to get there ? I think about ten minutes by bus . It's not far away , then . Let's walk , it's beginning to rain .
Hello , could I speak to Allison , please ? I'm sorry ; he's out at the moment . When do you expect him back ?
I'm sorry ; he's out at the moment . When do you expect him back ? I think he'll be back in about an hour at least .
When do you expect him back ? I think he'll be back in about an hour at least . Well , may I leave a message ?
I think he'll be back in about an hour at least . Well , may I leave a message ? Yes , of course .
Well , may I leave a message ? Yes , of course . Would you please ask him to call Chris when he gets back ?
Yes , of course . Would you please ask him to call Chris when he gets back ? Ok . Does he know your number ?
Would you please ask him to call Chris when he gets back ? Ok . Does he know your number ? I'm afraid he doesn't . My mobile is 139- 2477 - 4026 .
You seem to be upset . What ' s eating you ? It ' s because of my son . Dick keeps getting on my nerves Dick ? How come ? He used to be as meek as a lamb .
It ' s because of my son . Dick keeps getting on my nerves Dick ? How come ? He used to be as meek as a lamb . Yes , he used to be . But now he ' s drifting off track .
Could you give me some advice on how to bring up my son properly ? He's a bright boy , isn't he ? But he always wimps out of difficulty .
I'm about to run out of business cards . I need some new ones . We can print as many as you like . Just tell me how many . Two thousand should get me through the year .
We can print as many as you like . Just tell me how many . Two thousand should get me through the year . Here's a form to get you started .
Two thousand should get me through the year . Here's a form to get you started . My old card is perfect , so all I want you to do is copy it exactly .
Here's a form to get you started . My old card is perfect , so all I want you to do is copy it exactly . I think you'll be very pleased with how well we duplicate your old card .
My old card is perfect , so all I want you to do is copy it exactly . I think you'll be very pleased with how well we duplicate your old card . ... Here you go
I think you'll be very pleased with how well we duplicate your old card . ... Here you go Thanks . Come back here next Wednesday to pick up your order , please .
... Here you go Thanks . Come back here next Wednesday to pick up your order , please . I'm sorry , but can you give me a three-day turnaround ?
How was your interview ? Pretty good . The HR manager asked me the usual questions . Then he wondered why I had decided to leave my previous job . What did you say ?
Pretty good . The HR manager asked me the usual questions . Then he wondered why I had decided to leave my previous job . What did you say ? I told him that I hadn ' t got a raise for three years . I also told him that one of my best co-workers quitted her job because she had not been promoted for eight years .
What did you say ? I told him that I hadn ' t got a raise for three years . I also told him that one of my best co-workers quitted her job because she had not been promoted for eight years . Did he want to know the reasons ?
I told him that I hadn ' t got a raise for three years . I also told him that one of my best co-workers quitted her job because she had not been promoted for eight years . Did he want to know the reasons ? Yes . I told him that my boss made some excuses of the recession . But I thought he had a pattern and a record of promoting men only .
Did he want to know the reasons ? Yes . I told him that my boss made some excuses of the recession . But I thought he had a pattern and a record of promoting men only . That ' s sex discrimination . When will you get the reply ?
Yes . I told him that my boss made some excuses of the recession . But I thought he had a pattern and a record of promoting men only . That ' s sex discrimination . When will you get the reply ? In a couple of days , I was told .
That ' s sex discrimination . When will you get the reply ? In a couple of days , I was told . Wish you good luck !
Long time no see , George ! Yes , a very long time . What brings you here ?
Lily , I am terribly sorry about this . But we have to put off or cancel tomorrow's meeting . Cancelled ? That's just can't happen ! Sorry to say , but nothing can be done . The equipment broke down and can't be fixed till Friday .
We are here . OK . How much is the fare ? The total is 45 yuan .
OK . How much is the fare ? The total is 45 yuan . 45 yuan ? It is too much , Are you sure ?
The total is 45 yuan . 45 yuan ? It is too much , Are you sure ? It is 45 yuan on the meter .
45 yuan ? It is too much , Are you sure ? It is 45 yuan on the meter . Is there something wrong with your meter ?
It is 45 yuan on the meter . Is there something wrong with your meter ? No . I am sure about that .
Is there something wrong with your meter ? No . I am sure about that . OK . Could you give me a receipt ?
Finance , Angie speaking . Hi Angie , it ' s Tom Reynolds here . Can you tell me if my tuition fees for this semester have been approved ? Yes , Mr . Reynolds . They were approved yesterday . You can pick up the check today .
Good morning , May . Good girl , you are reading English books again . Good morning . There is no reason to miss so beautiful a morning . Is that a new bird ? Oh , yes , my daughter bought it yesterday . We call her Lulu .
Good morning . There is no reason to miss so beautiful a morning . Is that a new bird ? Oh , yes , my daughter bought it yesterday . We call her Lulu . It looks so cute . Is it a parrot ?
Oh , yes , my daughter bought it yesterday . We call her Lulu . It looks so cute . Is it a parrot ? Yes . Just look at her colorful feathers . What else can it be ?
It looks so cute . Is it a parrot ? Yes . Just look at her colorful feathers . What else can it be ? I see . It's interesting that there is also a parrot in my English book . His mane is Polly .
Yes . Just look at her colorful feathers . What else can it be ? I see . It's interesting that there is also a parrot in my English book . His mane is Polly . Really ? A foreign parrot !
I see . It's interesting that there is also a parrot in my English book . His mane is Polly . Really ? A foreign parrot ! He can speak English , too .
Really ? A foreign parrot ! He can speak English , too . Maybe you can teach Lulu some English words .
Marry Wang's Office , this is Marry . Hi Marry , this is Tom . How can I help you ?
Good afternoon , madam . Is there anything I can do for you ? Yes , I spent so much time sightseeing here . It is already so late now . I am afraid I can't catch the last bus back to downtown . Don't worry . I will try to get a taxi for you . You can take it to the bus station .
Yes , I spent so much time sightseeing here . It is already so late now . I am afraid I can't catch the last bus back to downtown . Don't worry . I will try to get a taxi for you . You can take it to the bus station . I am very grateful to your help .
Don't worry . I will try to get a taxi for you . You can take it to the bus station . I am very grateful to your help . Don't mention it . It is my duty .
David , we have been doing business for three years , haven't we ? Yes , I'm glad we've had very pleasant cooperation in the previous years . And your achievement for promoting our clothes was great in the three years . So , I wish to apply for the sole agency of your product in our local market . If you give us the agency , that will be more substantial for our cooperation .
Yes , I'm glad we've had very pleasant cooperation in the previous years . And your achievement for promoting our clothes was great in the three years . So , I wish to apply for the sole agency of your product in our local market . If you give us the agency , that will be more substantial for our cooperation . To be frank , you are not the only one who applies for an agent for us in your country . I'd like to know some ideas of terms on which you would be willing to operate as our agent .
So , I wish to apply for the sole agency of your product in our local market . If you give us the agency , that will be more substantial for our cooperation . To be frank , you are not the only one who applies for an agent for us in your country . I'd like to know some ideas of terms on which you would be willing to operate as our agent . As we are a well-established company , we are very familiar with the customers ' needs . Besides , we can make full use of our good connections with the wholesalers and retailers here and develop a good market for your products if appointed as your agent .
To be frank , you are not the only one who applies for an agent for us in your country . I'd like to know some ideas of terms on which you would be willing to operate as our agent . As we are a well-established company , we are very familiar with the customers ' needs . Besides , we can make full use of our good connections with the wholesalers and retailers here and develop a good market for your products if appointed as your agent . Sounds reasonable . I will tell my boss about you agent application . Another question , what do you think is the minimum annual sales you can guarantee ?
As we are a well-established company , we are very familiar with the customers ' needs . Besides , we can make full use of our good connections with the wholesalers and retailers here and develop a good market for your products if appointed as your agent . Sounds reasonable . I will tell my boss about you agent application . Another question , what do you think is the minimum annual sales you can guarantee ? To be on the safe side , and for garment of all materials , sizes , and styles , I think the amount will be 50,000 pieces a year .
Sounds reasonable . I will tell my boss about you agent application . Another question , what do you think is the minimum annual sales you can guarantee ? To be on the safe side , and for garment of all materials , sizes , and styles , I think the amount will be 50,000 pieces a year . Well . As our sole agency , you will neither handle the same or similar products of other origins nor re-export our goods to any other area outside your own .
I'd like to talk to Mr . White please ? He stepped out of the office for a little while . When is a good time to catch him ?
How can I help you ? well , I'm looking for some summer clothes . Oh , it is the right time for you purchasing in our clothes shop . We are now having a low price on all our summer apparel .
well , I'm looking for some summer clothes . Oh , it is the right time for you purchasing in our clothes shop . We are now having a low price on all our summer apparel . Really ? What's that ?
Oh , it is the right time for you purchasing in our clothes shop . We are now having a low price on all our summer apparel . Really ? What's that ? Everything for summer is 20 % off .
Really ? What's that ? Everything for summer is 20 % off . I like this T-shirt . Would you like to help me look for any skirts that go with it ?
Everything for summer is 20 % off . I like this T-shirt . Would you like to help me look for any skirts that go with it ? Sure . We have both skirts and trousers that would look well with the T-shirt . Look at this section .
I like this T-shirt . Would you like to help me look for any skirts that go with it ? Sure . We have both skirts and trousers that would look well with the T-shirt . Look at this section . This one is good .
Sure . We have both skirts and trousers that would look well with the T-shirt . Look at this section . This one is good . You have good taste . It is very much in style this year .
This one is good . You have good taste . It is very much in style this year . I'll take this one . How much are they ?
You have good taste . It is very much in style this year . I'll take this one . How much are they ? 160 yuan .
Hey , buddy , can ' t you see there ' s a line ? Oh , sorry . I didn ' t know . What ? You haven ' t taken the bus before ?
Oh , sorry . I didn ' t know . What ? You haven ' t taken the bus before ? No , I ' m afraid not .
What ? You haven ' t taken the bus before ? No , I ' m afraid not . Well , you have to wait in line like everyone else . Besides , you should let old people on first .
No , I ' m afraid not . Well , you have to wait in line like everyone else . Besides , you should let old people on first . Sorry .
Well , you have to wait in line like everyone else . Besides , you should let old people on first . Sorry . It ' s all right . Where are you going ?
Sorry . It ' s all right . Where are you going ? I wanted to see the White House .
It ' s all right . Where are you going ? I wanted to see the White House . Oh , well you don ' t want this bus , anyway . It goes to Georgetown .
I wanted to see the White House . Oh , well you don ' t want this bus , anyway . It goes to Georgetown . Oh , no .
Oh , well you don ' t want this bus , anyway . It goes to Georgetown . Oh , no . It ' s all right , though . Just get off at the next stop and catch the 79A .
Oh , no . It ' s all right , though . Just get off at the next stop and catch the 79A . Oh , well thank you very much .
Can you develop the roll of film ? Sure . How long does it take ?
Sure . How long does it take ? 6 hours . If you are in a hurry we can develop it in 3 hours .
There are many art craft items in this shop . I suggest you take your time , and you might find something you like . That's what I am going to do . If you have any problem , please come to me .
That's what I am going to do . If you have any problem , please come to me . I surely will . How much is this wood carving ?
If you have any problem , please come to me . I surely will . How much is this wood carving ? You are an expert on it . That wood carving is very rare . But I'm so sorry . that is not for sell .
I surely will . How much is this wood carving ? You are an expert on it . That wood carving is very rare . But I'm so sorry . that is not for sell . That's OK . Is anything else recommended ?
You are an expert on it . That wood carving is very rare . But I'm so sorry . that is not for sell . That's OK . Is anything else recommended ? Do you have any special request ?
That's OK . Is anything else recommended ? Do you have any special request ? I'd like to see some traditional arts .
Do you have any special request ? I'd like to see some traditional arts . So that means you are shopping for presents ?
I'd like to see some traditional arts . So that means you are shopping for presents ? Yes , I'm just here to pick out some special presents for my foreign friends .
So that means you are shopping for presents ? Yes , I'm just here to pick out some special presents for my foreign friends . Actually , I think the paper-cuts is OK , because it is easy to carry and foreign friends are also interested in it . They think that is a miracle .
Yes , I'm just here to pick out some special presents for my foreign friends . Actually , I think the paper-cuts is OK , because it is easy to carry and foreign friends are also interested in it . They think that is a miracle . Sounds good . I'll take paper-cut .
Actually , I think the paper-cuts is OK , because it is easy to carry and foreign friends are also interested in it . They think that is a miracle . Sounds good . I'll take paper-cut . I have collected different kinds of paper-cuts all over the country , you can pick the one you like best .
Sounds good . I'll take paper-cut . I have collected different kinds of paper-cuts all over the country , you can pick the one you like best . You collect them yourself ? I think that you are just doing the wholesale .
I have collected different kinds of paper-cuts all over the country , you can pick the one you like best . You collect them yourself ? I think that you are just doing the wholesale . As a matter of fact , I open the shop because I'm interested in the arts . I spent lots of time doing research on the folk art of our country .
I ' m interested in teaching at your school . Great . Are you a qualified teacher ? Yes .
Great . Are you a qualified teacher ? Yes . What kind of teaching certificate do you have ?
Yes . What kind of teaching certificate do you have ? I have a TEFL certificate .
What kind of teaching certificate do you have ? I have a TEFL certificate . How many years of experience do you have ?
I have a TEFL certificate . How many years of experience do you have ? I have three years of teaching ESL and four years of teaching per-school children .
How many years of experience do you have ? I have three years of teaching ESL and four years of teaching per-school children . When did you get your TEFL certificate ?
I have three years of teaching ESL and four years of teaching per-school children . When did you get your TEFL certificate ? I got my TEFL certificate three years ago .
When did you get your TEFL certificate ? I got my TEFL certificate three years ago . Why do you want to teach at our school ?
I got my TEFL certificate three years ago . Why do you want to teach at our school ? Well , I ' Ve heard many good things about it . I also like teaching young children .
Why do you want to teach at our school ? Well , I ' Ve heard many good things about it . I also like teaching young children . That ' s great . Can you speak Chinese ?
Well , I ' Ve heard many good things about it . I also like teaching young children . That ' s great . Can you speak Chinese ? Yes , just a little .
That ' s great . Can you speak Chinese ? Yes , just a little . Can you come in for an interview tomorrow at 10:00 ?
Yes , just a little . Can you come in for an interview tomorrow at 10:00 ? I sure can .
Holly ? Holly Madison , is that you ? You look great ! You haven't changed a bit . Uh ... Andrew . Hello . I can't quite remember you . It's me . The D-man ! I sat behind you in English . Are you and Taylor still dating ?
Uh ... Andrew . Hello . I can't quite remember you . It's me . The D-man ! I sat behind you in English . Are you and Taylor still dating ? Um ... we never were . We're just friends .
It's me . The D-man ! I sat behind you in English . Are you and Taylor still dating ? Um ... we never were . We're just friends . Well , if you're not seeing anyone , maybe we could ...
Happy Birthday , this is for you , Brian . I'm so happy you remember , please come in and enjoy the party . Everyone's here , I'm sure you have a good time . Brian , may I have a pleasure to have a dance with you ?
I'm so happy you remember , please come in and enjoy the party . Everyone's here , I'm sure you have a good time . Brian , may I have a pleasure to have a dance with you ? Ok .
Brian , may I have a pleasure to have a dance with you ? Ok . This is really wonderful party .
Ok . This is really wonderful party . Yes , you are always popular with everyone . and you look very pretty today .
This is really wonderful party . Yes , you are always popular with everyone . and you look very pretty today . Thanks , that's very kind of you to say . I hope my necklace goes with my dress , and they both make me look good I feel .
Yes , you are always popular with everyone . and you look very pretty today . Thanks , that's very kind of you to say . I hope my necklace goes with my dress , and they both make me look good I feel . You look great , you are absolutely glowing .
It's raining heavily . We have to find a shelter . All right .
We have to find a shelter . All right . Let's go under the tree .
All right . Let's go under the tree . No , we can't . It's thundering .
Excuse me , could you tell me the bookshop ' s address ? Yes , the bookshop is just around the corner . Turn left and you ' ll see the bookshop . Thank you very much . By the way , is the hospital beside the bookshop .
Yes , the bookshop is just around the corner . Turn left and you ' ll see the bookshop . Thank you very much . By the way , is the hospital beside the bookshop . Right , if you see the bookshop , you can see the hospital .
Thank you very much . By the way , is the hospital beside the bookshop . Right , if you see the bookshop , you can see the hospital . Thank you for your help .
The skirt looks beautiful . Can I try it on ? Of course . Well , I think this one is a little too small . Would you please bring me a bigger one ?
Please help yourself at your dishes . I hope you ' ll enjoy what you ' Ve got . It suits my taste . You are really a good cook . Would you like to try my special recipe ?
It suits my taste . You are really a good cook . Would you like to try my special recipe ? Wow , let me try . It tastes nice . How did you make it ?
Have you ever thought about having children , Kaitlyn ? My husband and I have thought about it , but we've decided not to have any . They're just too expensive . Besides , with all the news about global warming on the news lately , who knows what kind of Worl Well , I've always wanted to have lots of children . Growing up with only one brother , I always felt a bit lonely . What do you think about families with only one child ?
My husband and I have thought about it , but we've decided not to have any . They're just too expensive . Besides , with all the news about global warming on the news lately , who knows what kind of Worl Well , I've always wanted to have lots of children . Growing up with only one brother , I always felt a bit lonely . What do you think about families with only one child ? For me , growing up in a big family always made me yearn for attention . I always wanted to be an only child so that I could always do what I wanted and so that I wouldn't ever have to share .
Well , I've always wanted to have lots of children . Growing up with only one brother , I always felt a bit lonely . What do you think about families with only one child ? For me , growing up in a big family always made me yearn for attention . I always wanted to be an only child so that I could always do what I wanted and so that I wouldn't ever have to share . Don't you think you would miss having other people around ?
For me , growing up in a big family always made me yearn for attention . I always wanted to be an only child so that I could always do what I wanted and so that I wouldn't ever have to share . Don't you think you would miss having other people around ? No way ! I spent 20 years of my life with relatives around me 24-7 . You know , I don't think I've ever actually spent any time by myself in my parents ' home . What do you think fo the one-child policy
Don't you think you would miss having other people around ? No way ! I spent 20 years of my life with relatives around me 24-7 . You know , I don't think I've ever actually spent any time by myself in my parents ' home . What do you think fo the one-child policy If China didn't have such a policy , can you imagine how many people there would be in China now ?
No way ! I spent 20 years of my life with relatives around me 24-7 . You know , I don't think I've ever actually spent any time by myself in my parents ' home . What do you think fo the one-child policy If China didn't have such a policy , can you imagine how many people there would be in China now ? That's true . But as a woman , I'm glad that even though I don't want any children , I at least have a choice in how many children I have . On the other hand , I can't imagine what China would be like
If China didn't have such a policy , can you imagine how many people there would be in China now ? That's true . But as a woman , I'm glad that even though I don't want any children , I at least have a choice in how many children I have . On the other hand , I can't imagine what China would be like Do you think most families with many children envy or feel sorry for other families with only one child ?
We will go to Luoyang for a vacation next month . How long will you stay there ? About one week .
How long will you stay there ? About one week . Where will you live during the vacation .
About one week . Where will you live during the vacation . In the hotel .
Where will you live during the vacation . In the hotel . Have you made a reservation ?
In the hotel . Have you made a reservation ? Yes , we have .
Come in and sit down , Jack . Now , what's the trouble ? I've got a terrible pain in my stomach , Doctor . I see . When did it start ?
I've got a terrible pain in my stomach , Doctor . I see . When did it start ? It started yesterday . I didn't eat any supper .
I see . When did it start ? It started yesterday . I didn't eat any supper . Have you got a temperature ?
It started yesterday . I didn't eat any supper . Have you got a temperature ? I think so . I feel very hot .
Have you got a temperature ? I think so . I feel very hot . Let's see . Yes . You ' Ve got quite a high temperature .
I think so . I feel very hot . Let's see . Yes . You ' Ve got quite a high temperature . I've got an awful headache , too , and my throat hurts .
Let's see . Yes . You ' Ve got quite a high temperature . I've got an awful headache , too , and my throat hurts . Hm ... I think you ' Ve got the flu .
I've got an awful headache , too , and my throat hurts . Hm ... I think you ' Ve got the flu . Is it serious ?
Hm ... I think you ' Ve got the flu . Is it serious ? No , not at all , but you must stay in bed for three days and take this medicine .
Is it serious ? No , not at all , but you must stay in bed for three days and take this medicine . How often must I take it ?
No , not at all , but you must stay in bed for three days and take this medicine . How often must I take it ? Three times a day after meals .
Oh , so the zoo is over there . Thank you so much for your help . You ' re welcome . Can I ask you what brings you to China ? I ' m actually travelling around Asia .
You ' re welcome . Can I ask you what brings you to China ? I ' m actually travelling around Asia . Oh , very nice . How long will you be in Beijing ?
I ' m actually travelling around Asia . Oh , very nice . How long will you be in Beijing ? Probably another week .
Oh , very nice . How long will you be in Beijing ? Probably another week . Oh , I see . Well , I ' ll give you my phone number and if you need a guide , please call me .
Hello , Anna . Come in and sit down . Hello , doctor . What's the matter ?
Hello , doctor . What's the matter ? I've got a backache .
What's the matter ? I've got a backache . Do you often suffer from backache ?
I've got a backache . Do you often suffer from backache ? No , I don't . I've never had a bad one before .
Do you often suffer from backache ? No , I don't . I've never had a bad one before . When did it start ?
No , I don't . I've never had a bad one before . When did it start ? About four days ago .
When did it start ? About four days ago . Well , go home and rest in bed for two days , then you'll feel better .
About four days ago . Well , go home and rest in bed for two days , then you'll feel better . Can you give me some medicine ? It's very painful .
Hello ? This is John Smith . Can I speak to Mr . White , please ? This is Mr . White speaking . Hi . I understand that you have a house for sale , haven ' t you ?
This is Mr . White speaking . Hi . I understand that you have a house for sale , haven ' t you ? Yes .
Hi . I understand that you have a house for sale , haven ' t you ? Yes . I ' d like to know more about it .
Yes . I ' d like to know more about it . Can you come to my office this afternoon at 3 o ' clock ?
I ' d like to know more about it . Can you come to my office this afternoon at 3 o ' clock ? OK . I will be there .
Can you come to my office this afternoon at 3 o ' clock ? OK . I will be there . Thank you for calling . Goodbye .
Hello , who is speaking ? Hello , this is John . I want to speak to Linda . This is her .
Hello , this is John . I want to speak to Linda . This is her . Hi , Linda , I'm just calling to invite you to a dinner party tomorrow evening .
This is her . Hi , Linda , I'm just calling to invite you to a dinner party tomorrow evening . Really ? What time and where ?
Hi , Linda , I'm just calling to invite you to a dinner party tomorrow evening . Really ? What time and where ? 7:30 PM at London-Chinese restaurant . I \ ' ll be at your place at seven to pick you up if you need a ride .
Really ? What time and where ? 7:30 PM at London-Chinese restaurant . I \ ' ll be at your place at seven to pick you up if you need a ride . Yes , please , I'll need a ride . I'll be waiting for you then .
7:30 PM at London-Chinese restaurant . I \ ' ll be at your place at seven to pick you up if you need a ride . Yes , please , I'll need a ride . I'll be waiting for you then . See you tomorrow at seven . Make sure your dress a little formally . I heard the restaurant is kind of upscale .
Yes , please , I'll need a ride . I'll be waiting for you then . See you tomorrow at seven . Make sure your dress a little formally . I heard the restaurant is kind of upscale . Thank you , see you then .
Hello , can I help ? I'm from Lexington Software and I'm here to collect an export L / C . I have it right here .
I'm from Lexington Software and I'm here to collect an export L / C . I have it right here . Great . Can I take it with me now ? Or do you need me to fill in some forms or something ?
I have it right here . Great . Can I take it with me now ? Or do you need me to fill in some forms or something ? No , you can take it away now . I just need you to sign here .
Great . Can I take it with me now ? Or do you need me to fill in some forms or something ? No , you can take it away now . I just need you to sign here . Here you are .
No , you can take it away now . I just need you to sign here . Here you are . Just one thing before you go , could you please prepare your documents in accordance with the L / C within the validity period ?
Mr . Smith , do you like the hotel we booked ? Yes , we do . We like it very much . I've come to make sure that your stay in Beijing is a pleasant one .
My aunt told me one of her secrets--cellophane tape . I just got it at the special health store . It's for my flabby arms . Let me know how it works .
I just got it at the special health store . It's for my flabby arms . Let me know how it works . I have to say , I have had enough of this roller coaster .
Let me know how it works . I have to say , I have had enough of this roller coaster . I know what you mean . I'm like a yo-yo .
Do you have a reservation , sir ? No , I ' m afraid we don ' t . I ' m sorry the restaurant is full now . You have to wait for about half an hour . Would you like to have a drink at the lounge until there ' s a table available .
No , I ' m afraid we don ' t . I ' m sorry the restaurant is full now . You have to wait for about half an hour . Would you like to have a drink at the lounge until there ' s a table available . No , thanks , I ' ll come back later . May I reserve a table for two ?
I ' m sorry the restaurant is full now . You have to wait for about half an hour . Would you like to have a drink at the lounge until there ' s a table available . No , thanks , I ' ll come back later . May I reserve a table for two ? Yes , of course . May I have your name , sir ?
No , thanks , I ' ll come back later . May I reserve a table for two ? Yes , of course . May I have your name , sir ? Bruce By the way , can we have a table by the window ?
Yes , of course . May I have your name , sir ? Bruce By the way , can we have a table by the window ? we ' ll try to arrange it , but I can ' t guarantee sir .
Bruce By the way , can we have a table by the window ? we ' ll try to arrange it , but I can ' t guarantee sir . That ' s fine .
What shall we do when we find a shortage in the shipment ? You should do one of the two things - either to lodge a claim with the shipowner or with the insurance company . Shall we leave it to the brokers ?
You should do one of the two things - either to lodge a claim with the shipowner or with the insurance company . Shall we leave it to the brokers ? Yes . They usually do it .
Shall we leave it to the brokers ? Yes . They usually do it . Do they charge for that ?
Yes . They usually do it . Do they charge for that ? Of course . In Europe , they charge a commission of 1 % of the amount of the claim for their service .
Do they charge for that ? Of course . In Europe , they charge a commission of 1 % of the amount of the claim for their service . Is it the same in America ?
Of course . In Europe , they charge a commission of 1 % of the amount of the claim for their service . Is it the same in America ? They do the work without charge to the importer .
Is it the same in America ? They do the work without charge to the importer . It's part of their service , isn't it ?
They do the work without charge to the importer . It's part of their service , isn't it ? Exactly .
It's part of their service , isn't it ? Exactly . Is it enough to claim with an on board bill of lading ?
Exactly . Is it enough to claim with an on board bill of lading ? No , you must also obtain a statement from the shipping agent certifying that the goods were actually loaded on their vessel for shipment .
Is it enough to claim with an on board bill of lading ? No , you must also obtain a statement from the shipping agent certifying that the goods were actually loaded on their vessel for shipment . I see . By the way , how do we prove the ownership of our goods ?
No , you must also obtain a statement from the shipping agent certifying that the goods were actually loaded on their vessel for shipment . I see . By the way , how do we prove the ownership of our goods ? You must provide full original set of ocean bills of lading original insurance policy or certificate and the original commercia invoice .
I see . By the way , how do we prove the ownership of our goods ? You must provide full original set of ocean bills of lading original insurance policy or certificate and the original commercia invoice . I see . Thank you .
Can I be of any service to you ? I've been told that Chinese arts and crafts are famous for their excellent workmanship . We'd like to take some home . What would you recommend ? There are over a thousands kinds of articles in our shop . For example , there is tricolored pottery originating in the Tang Dynasty , embroidery , batik , jade carving , just to name a few . Do you have anything in mind ?
I've been told that Chinese arts and crafts are famous for their excellent workmanship . We'd like to take some home . What would you recommend ? There are over a thousands kinds of articles in our shop . For example , there is tricolored pottery originating in the Tang Dynasty , embroidery , batik , jade carving , just to name a few . Do you have anything in mind ? No , not really . But I think it should be something distinctively Chinese . And easy to carry .
There are over a thousands kinds of articles in our shop . For example , there is tricolored pottery originating in the Tang Dynasty , embroidery , batik , jade carving , just to name a few . Do you have anything in mind ? No , not really . But I think it should be something distinctively Chinese . And easy to carry . I would suggest you buy paper-cuts , embroidery and batik . They are very easy to carry .
Hi , I would like to purchase a one way ticket to Brussels , please . Certainly sir , this is our train schedule . We have an express train departing every morning and an overnight train that departs at nine pm . How long does it take to get there ?
Certainly sir , this is our train schedule . We have an express train departing every morning and an overnight train that departs at nine pm . How long does it take to get there ? About twelve hours . We currently have tickets available only for first class on the express train . If you ' d like , you can choose a sleeper on the overnight train which is a bit less expensive .
How long does it take to get there ? About twelve hours . We currently have tickets available only for first class on the express train . If you ' d like , you can choose a sleeper on the overnight train which is a bit less expensive . Yeah , I think that is the best option . Do you serve food on the train ? Twelve hours is such a long time !
About twelve hours . We currently have tickets available only for first class on the express train . If you ' d like , you can choose a sleeper on the overnight train which is a bit less expensive . Yeah , I think that is the best option . Do you serve food on the train ? Twelve hours is such a long time ! Yes , of course . There is a dining car towards the front of the train where they serve meals at all times . We do provide complimentary water and coffee for all of our passengers .
Yeah , I think that is the best option . Do you serve food on the train ? Twelve hours is such a long time ! Yes , of course . There is a dining car towards the front of the train where they serve meals at all times . We do provide complimentary water and coffee for all of our passengers . Great ! I ' ll take it .
Yes , of course . There is a dining car towards the front of the train where they serve meals at all times . We do provide complimentary water and coffee for all of our passengers . Great ! I ' ll take it . Here you are sir . Your train leaves from platform number nine at nine on the dot . Remember to be here at least thirty minutes before your scheduled departure time or else you might miss your train !
Great ! I ' ll take it . Here you are sir . Your train leaves from platform number nine at nine on the dot . Remember to be here at least thirty minutes before your scheduled departure time or else you might miss your train ! I understand . Thank you very much !
Can I have the check please ? Right away , sir . Is this amount correct ?
Right away , sir . Is this amount correct ? Yes , sir , it is .
Is this amount correct ? Yes , sir , it is . Thank you , the service was good
Hey , Jimmy , you've been sitting in front of the TV all day . Anything interesting on TV ? Not really . Quite boring right now , actually . Mostly infomercials and public service announcements . Why don't you turn off the TV and get outside ? You need to get some fresh air .
Not really . Quite boring right now , actually . Mostly infomercials and public service announcements . Why don't you turn off the TV and get outside ? You need to get some fresh air . I know , I know . But my favorite show is on in a couple of minutes . It's the series finals , and I wouldn't miss it for the world !
Why don't you turn off the TV and get outside ? You need to get some fresh air . I know , I know . But my favorite show is on in a couple of minutes . It's the series finals , and I wouldn't miss it for the world ! Really ? What's the series about ?
I know , I know . But my favorite show is on in a couple of minutes . It's the series finals , and I wouldn't miss it for the world ! Really ? What's the series about ? Well , it's about how an immigrant girl achieve her dream in America . It's a sitcom but really quite smart and really funny . I think you'd like it .
Really ? What's the series about ? Well , it's about how an immigrant girl achieve her dream in America . It's a sitcom but really quite smart and really funny . I think you'd like it . It sounds interesting , but I am not a big fan of TV shows . They're time consuming and don't have much depth .
Well , it's about how an immigrant girl achieve her dream in America . It's a sitcom but really quite smart and really funny . I think you'd like it . It sounds interesting , but I am not a big fan of TV shows . They're time consuming and don't have much depth . I believe some shows are quite informative and interesting . Take this show for example , it examines American xenophobia and how it might conflict with the American dream , with hilarious results .
It sounds interesting , but I am not a big fan of TV shows . They're time consuming and don't have much depth . I believe some shows are quite informative and interesting . Take this show for example , it examines American xenophobia and how it might conflict with the American dream , with hilarious results . Really ? that's interesting !
I believe some shows are quite informative and interesting . Take this show for example , it examines American xenophobia and how it might conflict with the American dream , with hilarious results . Really ? that's interesting ! Yeah . Oh , here it comes ! why don't we watch it together ? they are going to have a court debate in this episode . It should be good .
Hello . This is Dr . Galas Office . Can I help you ? Yes . I ' d like to make an appointment with Dr . Galas . Could you arrange it for me ? Sure . Let me check his schedule . How about tomorrow afternoon at 2:30 ?
Yes . I ' d like to make an appointment with Dr . Galas . Could you arrange it for me ? Sure . Let me check his schedule . How about tomorrow afternoon at 2:30 ? I ' m not available tomorrow afternoon . How about tomorrow morning ?
Sure . Let me check his schedule . How about tomorrow afternoon at 2:30 ? I ' m not available tomorrow afternoon . How about tomorrow morning ? I ' m sorry . Dr . Galas is fully engaged tomorrow morning . How about the day after tomorrow at 9:30 in the morning ?
I ' m not available tomorrow afternoon . How about tomorrow morning ? I ' m sorry . Dr . Galas is fully engaged tomorrow morning . How about the day after tomorrow at 9:30 in the morning ? That ' s fine . Thanks .
I ' m sorry . Dr . Galas is fully engaged tomorrow morning . How about the day after tomorrow at 9:30 in the morning ? That ' s fine . Thanks . You ' re welcome . Could I have your name and phone number , please ?
That ' s fine . Thanks . You ' re welcome . Could I have your name and phone number , please ? Certainly . My name is Janet Smith , and my phone number is 610-555-1234 .
You ' re welcome . Could I have your name and phone number , please ? Certainly . My name is Janet Smith , and my phone number is 610-555-1234 . Very good , Ms . Smith . I have scheduled an appointment for you on Wednesday at 9:30 am .
Certainly . My name is Janet Smith , and my phone number is 610-555-1234 . Very good , Ms . Smith . I have scheduled an appointment for you on Wednesday at 9:30 am . Thank you very much .
Hi , Mark . Hi , Bill . I ' d like to take the apartment I looked at yesterday . All right .
Hi , Bill . I ' d like to take the apartment I looked at yesterday . All right . So , what do we do now ?
All right . So , what do we do now ? This is the lease . You should read the lease very carefully before you sign it because it describes your legal rights and responsibilities as a tenant . The lease also describes our rights and responsibilities as landlords .
So , what do we do now ? This is the lease . You should read the lease very carefully before you sign it because it describes your legal rights and responsibilities as a tenant . The lease also describes our rights and responsibilities as landlords . Okay . ( Reads the lease ) So , according to the lease , I ' ll deposit one month ' s rent as a security deposit , and I have to pay the first month ' s rent in advance . I understand that I ' ll get the security deposit back when I move out if the apartment does not need any costly repairs .
This is the lease . You should read the lease very carefully before you sign it because it describes your legal rights and responsibilities as a tenant . The lease also describes our rights and responsibilities as landlords . Okay . ( Reads the lease ) So , according to the lease , I ' ll deposit one month ' s rent as a security deposit , and I have to pay the first month ' s rent in advance . I understand that I ' ll get the security deposit back when I move out if the apartment does not need any costly repairs . Yes . If you do not damage the apartment , you will get your security deposit back when you move out .
Okay . ( Reads the lease ) So , according to the lease , I ' ll deposit one month ' s rent as a security deposit , and I have to pay the first month ' s rent in advance . I understand that I ' ll get the security deposit back when I move out if the apartment does not need any costly repairs . Yes . If you do not damage the apartment , you will get your security deposit back when you move out . Can I pay you by check ?
Yes . If you do not damage the apartment , you will get your security deposit back when you move out . Can I pay you by check ? Sure . A check will be fine .
Can I pay you by check ? Sure . A check will be fine . Is there a laundry room in the basement ?
Sure . A check will be fine . Is there a laundry room in the basement ? Yes .
Is this the central park to East Market bus ? This is the East market to Central park bus . Where do you want to go ? To the ministry government hall .
This is the East market to Central park bus . Where do you want to go ? To the ministry government hall . Take the same number bus going other direction . There ' s stop right cross the street .
Can you give me a hand with the dishes ? Sure . Should I wash or dry ? I wash and you'll dry .
Excuse me . I need to refill this prescription . It says on the bottle here that you can have two refills . Yes , I need to refill it today .
It says on the bottle here that you can have two refills . Yes , I need to refill it today . Alright . I'm sorry , Miss . According to our file , this prescription has already been refilled twice .
Yes , I need to refill it today . Alright . I'm sorry , Miss . According to our file , this prescription has already been refilled twice . I was worried about that . I couldn't remember if I had it refilled twice yet or not .
Alright . I'm sorry , Miss . According to our file , this prescription has already been refilled twice . I was worried about that . I couldn't remember if I had it refilled twice yet or not . Well , it looks like you have . You will need to see your doctor to get a new prescription .
I was worried about that . I couldn't remember if I had it refilled twice yet or not . Well , it looks like you have . You will need to see your doctor to get a new prescription . Listen . This is an emergency . I tried to call my doctor , but he is out of town . So I can't see him in time . I need this medicine . It is for skin condition . I've run out . Can you just refill it once more ?
Well , it looks like you have . You will need to see your doctor to get a new prescription . Listen . This is an emergency . I tried to call my doctor , but he is out of town . So I can't see him in time . I need this medicine . It is for skin condition . I've run out . Can you just refill it once more ? I'm sorry , Miss . We can't do it . We must follow the prescription . And this prescription has run out .
Listen . This is an emergency . I tried to call my doctor , but he is out of town . So I can't see him in time . I need this medicine . It is for skin condition . I've run out . Can you just refill it once more ? I'm sorry , Miss . We can't do it . We must follow the prescription . And this prescription has run out . But I need it . Please . Refill it for me just this once . I can go to the doctor around ten days from now . Then I'll have another prescription .
I'm sorry , Miss . We can't do it . We must follow the prescription . And this prescription has run out . But I need it . Please . Refill it for me just this once . I can go to the doctor around ten days from now . Then I'll have another prescription . Miss , I understand your problem . But it is against the law for us to sell certain medicines without a prescription . It ' s the law . I can't do anything about it . We never sell medicine unless we have a proper prescription . Never .
But I need it . Please . Refill it for me just this once . I can go to the doctor around ten days from now . Then I'll have another prescription . Miss , I understand your problem . But it is against the law for us to sell certain medicines without a prescription . It ' s the law . I can't do anything about it . We never sell medicine unless we have a proper prescription . Never . But I have a prescription . I just need more of it .
Miss , I understand your problem . But it is against the law for us to sell certain medicines without a prescription . It ' s the law . I can't do anything about it . We never sell medicine unless we have a proper prescription . Never . But I have a prescription . I just need more of it . A prescription must be valid . It cannot be an expired prescription . I'm sorry , Miss . It's the law . You will have to find another doctor who will prescribe this for you .
But I have a prescription . I just need more of it . A prescription must be valid . It cannot be an expired prescription . I'm sorry , Miss . It's the law . You will have to find another doctor who will prescribe this for you . Oh , it will be so expensive ! I have a special medical plan , and I can only see one doctor . It will cost me a lot of money to see another doctor .
A prescription must be valid . It cannot be an expired prescription . I'm sorry , Miss . It's the law . You will have to find another doctor who will prescribe this for you . Oh , it will be so expensive ! I have a special medical plan , and I can only see one doctor . It will cost me a lot of money to see another doctor . Miss , I just can't help you on this . I'm a pharmacist , not a doctor . And there are other customers I need to help now . I know it is frustrating when this happens . But there is nothing I can do about it . I'm sorry .
Oh , it will be so expensive ! I have a special medical plan , and I can only see one doctor . It will cost me a lot of money to see another doctor . Miss , I just can't help you on this . I'm a pharmacist , not a doctor . And there are other customers I need to help now . I know it is frustrating when this happens . But there is nothing I can do about it . I'm sorry . This is ridiculous ! In Taiwan , it is much easier to get medicine when I need it .
Can you tell me a little bit about yourself ? I am a graduate of a technical university and have been employed as a technician with Company or approximately 10 years . Please explain why you are interested in leaving your current position and please elaborate on your technical skills .
I am a graduate of a technical university and have been employed as a technician with Company or approximately 10 years . Please explain why you are interested in leaving your current position and please elaborate on your technical skills . I am looking for a growth opportunity , which I feel is not available at my current employer . In terms of skills , I am Microsoft certified in Windows XP and several other operating system
Please explain why you are interested in leaving your current position and please elaborate on your technical skills . I am looking for a growth opportunity , which I feel is not available at my current employer . In terms of skills , I am Microsoft certified in Windows XP and several other operating system Where do you see yourself five years from now ?
Hey , Jim . It's time to wake up and get out of bed . Do I have to get up now ? You'd better get up , or you'll be late .
Do I have to get up now ? You'd better get up , or you'll be late . What're you talking about ? My alarm even hasn't gone off yet .
You'd better get up , or you'll be late . What're you talking about ? My alarm even hasn't gone off yet . Yes , it did . It went off thirty minutes ago . You slept right through it . You're like a dead person while you sleep .
What're you talking about ? My alarm even hasn't gone off yet . Yes , it did . It went off thirty minutes ago . You slept right through it . You're like a dead person while you sleep . I must have slept right through it .
Yes , it did . It went off thirty minutes ago . You slept right through it . You're like a dead person while you sleep . I must have slept right through it . Rise and shine ! Sleepyhead !
I must have slept right through it . Rise and shine ! Sleepyhead ! Just let me sleep five more minutes .
Rise and shine ! Sleepyhead ! Just let me sleep five more minutes . The early bird gets the worm .
Just let me sleep five more minutes . The early bird gets the worm . I know , I know . But I don't want any worms .
Did you ever buy food from the snack stands near our hotel ? Yes , several times . How do you like them ?
Yes , several times . How do you like them ? Not bad .
How do you like them ? Not bad . I always have the temptation to eat something there .
Not bad . I always have the temptation to eat something there . Then , why didn't you do that ?
I always have the temptation to eat something there . Then , why didn't you do that ? I don't know how much we can trust them . Do you have any ideas ?
Then , why didn't you do that ? I don't know how much we can trust them . Do you have any ideas ? Some of them , I think , are not good .
I don't know how much we can trust them . Do you have any ideas ? Some of them , I think , are not good . It doesn't taste good ?
Some of them , I think , are not good . It doesn't taste good ? No , I mean some of them are not clean enough .
It doesn't taste good ? No , I mean some of them are not clean enough . That's my greatest concern . But how can you tell which one is clean ?
No , I mean some of them are not clean enough . That's my greatest concern . But how can you tell which one is clean ? I judge by appearances .
That's my greatest concern . But how can you tell which one is clean ? I judge by appearances . I got it . I think it's worth trying .
I judge by appearances . I got it . I think it's worth trying . It certainly is .
I got it . I think it's worth trying . It certainly is . I'd like to try some kebab , roasted squid , and many different appealing things .
It certainly is . I'd like to try some kebab , roasted squid , and many different appealing things . Don't try everything at one time , please .
Dad , may I have a room of my own ? Oh , honey , I'm so sorry , we don't have enough space for you to have your own room . Dad , but I don't want to share a room with Peter . He snores every night .
Oh , honey , I'm so sorry , we don't have enough space for you to have your own room . Dad , but I don't want to share a room with Peter . He snores every night . Honey , you can ask him to be quite . Otherwise you may punish him and tell him to stand out of the room , right ?
Hey there , you look a little lost . Are you new here ? Yeah how ' d you know ? You can always spot the newbies . I can give you a few pointers if you want . Were you trying to use this machine here ?
Yeah how ' d you know ? You can always spot the newbies . I can give you a few pointers if you want . Were you trying to use this machine here ? Yeah ! I just started my training today and I ' m not really sure where to begin .
You can always spot the newbies . I can give you a few pointers if you want . Were you trying to use this machine here ? Yeah ! I just started my training today and I ' m not really sure where to begin . It ' s ok , I know how it is . This machine here will work out your upper body , mainly your triceps and biceps . Are you looking to develop strength or muscle tone and definition ?
Yeah ! I just started my training today and I ' m not really sure where to begin . It ' s ok , I know how it is . This machine here will work out your upper body , mainly your triceps and biceps . Are you looking to develop strength or muscle tone and definition ? Well , I don ' t want to be ripped like you ! I just want a good physique with weights and Carpio .
It ' s ok , I know how it is . This machine here will work out your upper body , mainly your triceps and biceps . Are you looking to develop strength or muscle tone and definition ? Well , I don ' t want to be ripped like you ! I just want a good physique with weights and Carpio . In that case you want to work with less weight . You can start off by working ten to fifteen reps in four sets . Five kilo weights should be enough . Now it ' s very important that you stretch before pumping iron or you might pull a muscle .
Well , I don ' t want to be ripped like you ! I just want a good physique with weights and Carpio . In that case you want to work with less weight . You can start off by working ten to fifteen reps in four sets . Five kilo weights should be enough . Now it ' s very important that you stretch before pumping iron or you might pull a muscle . Got it ! Wow is that the weight you are lifting ? My goodness that ' s a lot of weight !
I can't find the price tag . It's right here . $ 100 . But I heard other stores were having great mark-downs on this item .
It's right here . $ 100 . But I heard other stores were having great mark-downs on this item . Ours are of really good quality .
Where do you come from ? I come from Greece . What's the climate like in your country ?
I come from Greece . What's the climate like in your country ? It's very pleasant .
What's the climate like in your country ? It's very pleasant . What's the weather like in spring ?
It's very pleasant . What's the weather like in spring ? It's often windy in March . It's always warm in April and May , but it rains sometimes .
What's the weather like in spring ? It's often windy in March . It's always warm in April and May , but it rains sometimes . What's it like in summer ?
It's often windy in March . It's always warm in April and May , but it rains sometimes . What's it like in summer ? It's always hot in June , July and August . The sun shines every day .
What's it like in summer ? It's always hot in June , July and August . The sun shines every day . Is it cold or warm in autumn ?
It's always hot in June , July and August . The sun shines every day . Is it cold or warm in autumn ? It's always warm in September and October . It's often cold in November and it rains sometimes .
Is it cold or warm in autumn ? It's always warm in September and October . It's often cold in November and it rains sometimes . Is it very cold in winter ?
Good afternoon , Sir . You're here to see about a Temporary Loan , right ? The loans we offer are for purchasing income-generating assets . Is that what you require ? Yes , that's exactly what I need . How about terms for these ? Well , we offer 60 - day or 90 - day loans . The balance of the loan is to be repaid in full by the end of the specified period .
Yes , that's exactly what I need . How about terms for these ? Well , we offer 60 - day or 90 - day loans . The balance of the loan is to be repaid in full by the end of the specified period . Is there any flexibility on that ?
Well , we offer 60 - day or 90 - day loans . The balance of the loan is to be repaid in full by the end of the specified period . Is there any flexibility on that ? Unfortunately , not .
Is there any flexibility on that ? Unfortunately , not . OK . In my position , I think the best way to go would be for the 90 - day loan . That would give us a little more time to sort out the repayment plan .
Do you sometimes feel overwhelmed by your work ? Of course ! It is the No . 1 stressor in my life . You know job stress has become a very common problem these days . So we must learn to cope with it . Totally agree . What is your solution ?
Of course ! It is the No . 1 stressor in my life . You know job stress has become a very common problem these days . So we must learn to cope with it . Totally agree . What is your solution ? Well , there are two causes of job stress . One is employee characteristic and the other is company condition . So if we want to manage job stress , both we and the companies should do something . For me , I am trying to balance work and leisure time . You know , all work and no play make Jack a dull boy .
Totally agree . What is your solution ? Well , there are two causes of job stress . One is employee characteristic and the other is company condition . So if we want to manage job stress , both we and the companies should do something . For me , I am trying to balance work and leisure time . You know , all work and no play make Jack a dull boy . You seem to have a very relaxed outlook .
Well , there are two causes of job stress . One is employee characteristic and the other is company condition . So if we want to manage job stress , both we and the companies should do something . For me , I am trying to balance work and leisure time . You know , all work and no play make Jack a dull boy . You seem to have a very relaxed outlook . It is necessary . Positive attitude helps to prevent stress .
You seem to have a very relaxed outlook . It is necessary . Positive attitude helps to prevent stress . But I don ' t think we can change our working condition . Anyway , we are not the bosses .
Taxi ! Yes , sir . Where to ? The city square , please .
Yes , sir . Where to ? The city square , please . Are you in a hurry ?
The city square , please . Are you in a hurry ? Yes , I have to be there to meet a friend at 5 thirty pm . So we're sure we can get there on time ?
Are you in a hurry ? Yes , I have to be there to meet a friend at 5 thirty pm . So we're sure we can get there on time ? I'm afraid not , sir . Generally we can , but you know how it is in the rush hour now .
Yes , I have to be there to meet a friend at 5 thirty pm . So we're sure we can get there on time ? I'm afraid not , sir . Generally we can , but you know how it is in the rush hour now . I see . Here's the extra 5 $ for you if you can get me there on time .
I'm afraid not , sir . Generally we can , but you know how it is in the rush hour now . I see . Here's the extra 5 $ for you if you can get me there on time . All right . I'll do my best .
I see . Here's the extra 5 $ for you if you can get me there on time . All right . I'll do my best . Oh . we made it . Thank you . How much do I own you ?
All right . I'll do my best . Oh . we made it . Thank you . How much do I own you ? The reading on the kilometer is 12 $ .
Oh . we made it . Thank you . How much do I own you ? The reading on the kilometer is 12 $ . Here's the money , keep the changes , please .
The reading on the kilometer is 12 $ . Here's the money , keep the changes , please . Do you need a receipt ?
What is your salary at present ? My present pay is 100,000 Yuan per year . What are your salary expectations now ?
My present pay is 100,000 Yuan per year . What are your salary expectations now ? I like to be paid more than that . Hopefully , 120,000 Yuan per year .
What are your salary expectations now ? I like to be paid more than that . Hopefully , 120,000 Yuan per year . That's a little more than we had planned .
I like to be paid more than that . Hopefully , 120,000 Yuan per year . That's a little more than we had planned . I think you'll find I'm worth that .
That's a little more than we had planned . I think you'll find I'm worth that . I can only offer you 110,000 Yuan a year . Raises will be given after a three-month probation according to your performance . Is that satisfactory ?
Peter , how often do you exercise ? Well , I swim and run every day . Now , tell me , what do you eat ?
Well , I swim and run every day . Now , tell me , what do you eat ? Well , I don't eat any meat , but I do eat fish and eggs .
Now , tell me , what do you eat ? Well , I don't eat any meat , but I do eat fish and eggs . Do you eat a lot of vegetables ?
Well , I don't eat any meat , but I do eat fish and eggs . Do you eat a lot of vegetables ? Oh yes , and fruit , I love fruit .
Do you eat a lot of vegetables ? Oh yes , and fruit , I love fruit . What do you drink ?
Oh yes , and fruit , I love fruit . What do you drink ? Well , I never drink alcohol , coffee or tea . They are very bad for you .
I need to go to the ATM . So , why don ' t you ? I have no idea how to use the ATM .
So , why don ' t you ? I have no idea how to use the ATM . What do you mean ?
I have no idea how to use the ATM . What do you mean ? This will be my first time using an ATM .
What do you mean ? This will be my first time using an ATM . I can help you with that .
This will be my first time using an ATM . I can help you with that . Explain to me how to use it .
I can help you with that . Explain to me how to use it . Just put your card into the machine .
Explain to me how to use it . Just put your card into the machine . Now what do I do ?
Just put your card into the machine . Now what do I do ? Then you need to type in your PIN .
Now what do I do ? Then you need to type in your PIN . Now what ?
May we see the wine list please ? Sure . Our special wine today is a 1989 Chardonnay . That sounds pretty good ! How much is it ?
Sure . Our special wine today is a 1989 Chardonnay . That sounds pretty good ! How much is it ? It's $ 4 . 25 cents by the glass . The whole bottle is $ 22 . 5 .
That sounds pretty good ! How much is it ? It's $ 4 . 25 cents by the glass . The whole bottle is $ 22 . 5 . I'd like a bottle please .
It's $ 4 . 25 cents by the glass . The whole bottle is $ 22 . 5 . I'd like a bottle please . I'll need to see your ID please .
I'd like a bottle please . I'll need to see your ID please . Here you go .
What date would you like to depart , sir ? Do you have any seats for September 16th ? Let's see ... I'm afraid the 16th is fully booked . But I have seats for the 17th .
Do you have any seats for September 16th ? Let's see ... I'm afraid the 16th is fully booked . But I have seats for the 17th . The 17th will be fine .
Let's see ... I'm afraid the 16th is fully booked . But I have seats for the 17th . The 17th will be fine . And what date will you be returning ?
The 17th will be fine . And what date will you be returning ? Hmm , I guess on the 28th .
And what date will you be returning ? Hmm , I guess on the 28th . Okay , you ' re booked on American Airlines flight 710 , departing JFK at 6:40 p . m . on September 17th . Your return flight is flight 711 , departing London ' s Heathrow Airport at 11:15 a . m . on September 28th .
Excuse me , I'd like to have these pants I bought here yesterday altered . Here's my receipt . Certainly , sir . What would you like done to them ? They're a little bit too long , so I'd like about half an inch taken off them .
Certainly , sir . What would you like done to them ? They're a little bit too long , so I'd like about half an inch taken off them . All right , sir . They should be ready for you by tomorrow afternoon .
They're a little bit too long , so I'd like about half an inch taken off them . All right , sir . They should be ready for you by tomorrow afternoon . Thank you very much .
Some companies use to ban dating among employees , but now they have realized it is something in avertable . People spend so much time at work . It is not surprising for one to have a crash on the other . If we think positively , office love can be beneficial to company . Beneficial ? I don ' t think so . If two employees get married , they will leave at the same time for a honeymoon , or later one of them will stay at home taking care of babies . If they break up , the company will probably have to relocate one of them to make the workplace more comfortable . By any means , the company must spare extra efforts to solve problems brought by an office dating .
If we think positively , office love can be beneficial to company . Beneficial ? I don ' t think so . If two employees get married , they will leave at the same time for a honeymoon , or later one of them will stay at home taking care of babies . If they break up , the company will probably have to relocate one of them to make the workplace more comfortable . By any means , the company must spare extra efforts to solve problems brought by an office dating . But if two employees are in love , they will be happy . Happy people are more productive . If they develop an intimate relation with each other , they are willing to share knowledge and experience . It can help to improve work efficiency .
What kind of a car do you have ? An old one . I know it's old , but what make is it ?
An old one . I know it's old , but what make is it ? It's a Chevrolet . Why do you ask ? You going into the car business ?
I know it's old , but what make is it ? It's a Chevrolet . Why do you ask ? You going into the car business ? Nothing like that . My cousin is going to take a job overseas and he can't take his car with him , so he's going to sell it - cheap . It's practically new .
It's a Chevrolet . Why do you ask ? You going into the car business ? Nothing like that . My cousin is going to take a job overseas and he can't take his car with him , so he's going to sell it - cheap . It's practically new . well I have been thinking about getting a newer car . I can't afford a brand new one .
Nothing like that . My cousin is going to take a job overseas and he can't take his car with him , so he's going to sell it - cheap . It's practically new . well I have been thinking about getting a newer car . I can't afford a brand new one . Would you like to look at my cousin's car ?
well I have been thinking about getting a newer car . I can't afford a brand new one . Would you like to look at my cousin's car ? Is it a four-door or a two-door ?
Would you like to look at my cousin's car ? Is it a four-door or a two-door ? It's a coupe with a vinyl roof .
Is it a four-door or a two-door ? It's a coupe with a vinyl roof . Does it have automatic transmission ? .
It's a coupe with a vinyl roof . Does it have automatic transmission ? . Yes , and it also has power steering , power brakes , and air conditioning .
Which restaurant do you prefer ? I'd like to taste Mexican food . How about the one on Baker Street ?
Come in , please . Good morning , sir ! Good morning , please make yourself comfortable .
Good morning , sir ! Good morning , please make yourself comfortable . Thank you , sir .
Good morning , please make yourself comfortable . Thank you , sir . Your name and examination number , please .
Thank you , sir . Your name and examination number , please . My name is Du Tao , number 3 .
Your name and examination number , please . My name is Du Tao , number 3 . Pardon ?
My name is Du Tao , number 3 . Pardon ? Du Tao . D-U for Du and T-A - 0 for Tao .
Pardon ? Du Tao . D-U for Du and T-A - 0 for Tao . Yes , Mr . Du , when were you born ?
Du Tao . D-U for Du and T-A - 0 for Tao . Yes , Mr . Du , when were you born ? I was born on January 1st , 1988 . I ' m 20 years old now .
Yes , Mr . Du , when were you born ? I was born on January 1st , 1988 . I ' m 20 years old now . Where do you live ?
I was born on January 1st , 1988 . I ' m 20 years old now . Where do you live ? I ' m living at Room 222 , Building 18 , N . P . U .
Where do you live ? I ' m living at Room 222 , Building 18 , N . P . U . Can you leave me your phone number ?
Oh ! ! ! I have a horrible toothache . You should go to the dentist . I hate dentists .
You should go to the dentist . I hate dentists . Well , suffer then . If you have a toothache , you have to go to the dentist .
I hate dentists . Well , suffer then . If you have a toothache , you have to go to the dentist . It always hurts . I hate going .
Well , suffer then . If you have a toothache , you have to go to the dentist . It always hurts . I hate going . Stop being such a baby . If it really hurts that much , just let them knock you out .
It always hurts . I hate going . Stop being such a baby . If it really hurts that much , just let them knock you out . O . K . , O . K . , I ' ll go .
Would you like a cigarette ? No , thanks . I've decided to give up smoking . Really ? Why ?
No , thanks . I've decided to give up smoking . Really ? Why ? Well , it's just that I think if you don't enjoy doing something any more , you should stop doing it .
Really ? Why ? Well , it's just that I think if you don't enjoy doing something any more , you should stop doing it . I see . You mean you don't enjoy smoking any more ?
Well , it's just that I think if you don't enjoy doing something any more , you should stop doing it . I see . You mean you don't enjoy smoking any more ? That's right . You should give it up , too . It ' s bad for your health .
I see . You mean you don't enjoy smoking any more ? That's right . You should give it up , too . It ' s bad for your health . Stop talking like my mother . That's what she keeps saying .
That's right . You should give it up , too . It ' s bad for your health . Stop talking like my mother . That's what she keeps saying . But it's true . It's a nasty habit . I can't think why I ever started . Anyway , it's obviously got you in its grip !
Stop talking like my mother . That's what she keeps saying . But it's true . It's a nasty habit . I can't think why I ever started . Anyway , it's obviously got you in its grip ! What do you mean ? What are you talking about ?
Kate , you never believe what's happened . What do you mean ? Masha and Hero are getting divorced .
What do you mean ? Masha and Hero are getting divorced . You are kidding . What happened ?
Masha and Hero are getting divorced . You are kidding . What happened ? Well , I don't really know , but I heard that they are having a separation for 2 months , and filed for divorce .
You are kidding . What happened ? Well , I don't really know , but I heard that they are having a separation for 2 months , and filed for divorce . That's really surprising . I always thought they are well matched . What about the kids ? Who get custody ?
Well , I don't really know , but I heard that they are having a separation for 2 months , and filed for divorce . That's really surprising . I always thought they are well matched . What about the kids ? Who get custody ? Masha , it seems quiet and makable , no quarrelling about who get the house and stock and then contesting the divorce with other details worked out .
That's really surprising . I always thought they are well matched . What about the kids ? Who get custody ? Masha , it seems quiet and makable , no quarrelling about who get the house and stock and then contesting the divorce with other details worked out . That's the change from all the back stepping we usually hear about . Well , I still can't believe it , Masha and Hero , the perfect couple . When would they divorce be final ?
That's really convenient . We were wondering if you could take a little off the rent , though . I can take two thousand off . That'll make the rent twenty-eight thousand . That's great . Every little bit counts . And we don't need the parking space . I guess we could rent it out .
I can take two thousand off . That'll make the rent twenty-eight thousand . That's great . Every little bit counts . And we don't need the parking space . I guess we could rent it out . Sure , for at least three thousand per month .
That's great . Every little bit counts . And we don't need the parking space . I guess we could rent it out . Sure , for at least three thousand per month . That'll bring the price down to twenty-five . That's the price we were shooting for .
can you squeeze me in sometime today ? That ' s a big order , Jane . I am really swamped . I know what you ' re saying , but I have to go over the books with you before I go see our tax guy .
Mr . Black , I ' d like to take some time off . I ' Ve been feeling exhausted these days . That's no problem . Let me see ... You still have ten days annual leave left , is that right ? Yes . I was wondering if I could take another two weeks off .
That's no problem . Let me see ... You still have ten days annual leave left , is that right ? Yes . I was wondering if I could take another two weeks off . That's long leave . How's your project coming along ?
Yes . I was wondering if I could take another two weeks off . That's long leave . How's your project coming along ? The project I'm in charged of now will be done by the end of this week . I'd like to take my leave from next Monday on .
That's long leave . How's your project coming along ? The project I'm in charged of now will be done by the end of this week . I'd like to take my leave from next Monday on . Well , all right . But you make sure to tie up loose ends before you leave .
The project I'm in charged of now will be done by the end of this week . I'd like to take my leave from next Monday on . Well , all right . But you make sure to tie up loose ends before you leave . Thank you , Mr . Black . There are no immediate projects coming up at the moment . Mr . Smith will be in charge during my absence . He is taking part in several projects as my assistant and knows how to maintain relationships with our clients .
Well , all right . But you make sure to tie up loose ends before you leave . Thank you , Mr . Black . There are no immediate projects coming up at the moment . Mr . Smith will be in charge during my absence . He is taking part in several projects as my assistant and knows how to maintain relationships with our clients . Great ! I hope you have a good relaxation and come back refreshed .
It is my first time coming to China . I want to buy something unique of China to my friends as gifts . We have a great variety of Chinese antiques and porcelain . Do you like them ? Yes , I love them , but they are fragile . It is not convenient to take them .
We have a great variety of Chinese antiques and porcelain . Do you like them ? Yes , I love them , but they are fragile . It is not convenient to take them . You are right . How about paintings and embroidered handkerchiefs ?
Yes , I love them , but they are fragile . It is not convenient to take them . You are right . How about paintings and embroidered handkerchiefs ? Sounds good . May I have a look ?
You are right . How about paintings and embroidered handkerchiefs ? Sounds good . May I have a look ? Of course . These paintings have many designs , such as animals , flowers , landscape , aquatics and so on .
Sounds good . May I have a look ? Of course . These paintings have many designs , such as animals , flowers , landscape , aquatics and so on . They are beautiful , but I can't understand the connotation in them . Let me see the handkerchiefs .
Of course . These paintings have many designs , such as animals , flowers , landscape , aquatics and so on . They are beautiful , but I can't understand the connotation in them . Let me see the handkerchiefs . All right . Chinese embroidery is one traditional art with elaborate design and high quality .
They are beautiful , but I can't understand the connotation in them . Let me see the handkerchiefs . All right . Chinese embroidery is one traditional art with elaborate design and high quality . Oh , I like the bamboo design . What is this ?
All right . Chinese embroidery is one traditional art with elaborate design and high quality . Oh , I like the bamboo design . What is this ? This is a series of animals , called Chinese zodiac .
Oh , I like the bamboo design . What is this ? This is a series of animals , called Chinese zodiac . Good . So I will take three series and five bamboo ones .
I've got a temperature and my stomach hurts . How long have you been feeling this way ? It all started the day before yesterday .
How long have you been feeling this way ? It all started the day before yesterday . You seem to have picked up some kind of infection .
It all started the day before yesterday . You seem to have picked up some kind of infection . What should I do ?
May I help you ? Yes , do you have sweaters ? This way , please . How do you like this one ? It's made of cotton .
Mr . Johnson ' s office . Cindy speaking . Hi , Cindy . It ' s Michael Kurt . Is Mr . Johnson in ? No , I ' m sorry , Mr . Kurt . He ' s stepped out for a bit . Would you like me to have him call you ?
Excuse me , did you see a set of keys ? What kind of keys ? Five keys and a small foot ornament .
What kind of keys ? Five keys and a small foot ornament . What a shame ! I didn't see them .
Five keys and a small foot ornament . What a shame ! I didn't see them . Well , can you help me look for it ? That's my first time here .
What a shame ! I didn't see them . Well , can you help me look for it ? That's my first time here . Sure . It's my pleasure . I'd like to help you look for the missing keys .
Well , can you help me look for it ? That's my first time here . Sure . It's my pleasure . I'd like to help you look for the missing keys . It's very kind of you .
Sure . It's my pleasure . I'd like to help you look for the missing keys . It's very kind of you . It's not a big deal . Hey , I found them .
It's very kind of you . It's not a big deal . Hey , I found them . Oh , thank God ! I don't know how to thank you , guys .
Passport , please , madam . Just a minute , please . It's in my bag . Here it is . Thank you . Please fill out the Baggage Declaration Form .
Just a minute , please . It's in my bag . Here it is . Thank you . Please fill out the Baggage Declaration Form . All right . Shall I enter all my belongings ?
There are so many record players here . That is hard to choose . Look at this one . It has a radio and cassette player and built in speakers . I'd rather get one with separated speakers . They give a clear sound .
Look at this one . It has a radio and cassette player and built in speakers . I'd rather get one with separated speakers . They give a clear sound . Yes , but we shouldn't get any thing too big . Remember it has to fit in with our living room furniture .
I'd rather get one with separated speakers . They give a clear sound . Yes , but we shouldn't get any thing too big . Remember it has to fit in with our living room furniture . That's right . Now this one looks alright ? It's a detached or do you prefer this one ? It's Sony .
Why did you apply for the position ? I learned from your ad . That you will provide on-the-job training for new employees . This is just what I need , because I'm a recent college graduate . I have the necessary knowledge and skills but I lack experience . What do you hope to become ?
I learned from your ad . That you will provide on-the-job training for new employees . This is just what I need , because I'm a recent college graduate . I have the necessary knowledge and skills but I lack experience . What do you hope to become ? I want to prove my true value in the electronic industry , and hopefully in the near future I would be promoted to a higher position .
How long will it take for our order to be delivered ? Let's see . You are importing fifty containers of textiles from China . They should be able to place your order before the end of next week . It will take 2 days for shipping to the port city of Ningpo . The freight will take 3 weeks on the open ocean and will arrive in Los Angeles approximately a month from today . Domestic shipping will be your responsibility , you can make arrangements with the pier in Los Angeles . Fine , we will handle domestic shipping , but what about customs ? Will we have to pay tariff on our imports ? I hope we don't run into any problems with the border control .
Are you ready to order , madam ? I'm on a diet . So I have to avoid food containing too much fat . Do you have vegetarian dishes ? Yes , We do have some choices for ladies like you . What about some green salad ?
I'm on a diet . So I have to avoid food containing too much fat . Do you have vegetarian dishes ? Yes , We do have some choices for ladies like you . What about some green salad ? Does it taste good ?
Yes , We do have some choices for ladies like you . What about some green salad ? Does it taste good ? Sure . It's a popular dish among young ladies .
Does it taste good ? Sure . It's a popular dish among young ladies . I think I'll try it .
Sure . It's a popular dish among young ladies . I think I'll try it . We have three kinds of dressings for salad . Italian , French and Thousand Island . Which one would you like ?
I think I'll try it . We have three kinds of dressings for salad . Italian , French and Thousand Island . Which one would you like ? French , please .
We have three kinds of dressings for salad . Italian , French and Thousand Island . Which one would you like ? French , please . OK . Do you want to order something else ?
Excuse me , do you have the latest issue of Newsworld ? Yes , this week's issue just came in . Here it is . How about Music Madness ?
Yes , this week's issue just came in . Here it is . How about Music Madness ? Let me check ... yes , we got the October issue a few days ago . It's on that shelf over there .
Hello . Hot water overflowed from the bathtub . Will you help me ? Would you turn off the tap ? I did it .
Would you turn off the tap ? I did it . Then will you put all the towels under the bathroom door ?
I did it . Then will you put all the towels under the bathroom door ? OK . I will .
Then will you put all the towels under the bathroom door ? OK . I will . I'll have our housekeeper come right away .
OK . I will . I'll have our housekeeper come right away . I'm sorry I was too tired to fall asleep .
I'll have our housekeeper come right away . I'm sorry I was too tired to fall asleep . When you woke up , the water was coming out of the tub .
Hello ! Is that Sue ? Speaking .
Is that Sue ? Speaking . A . This is George .
Miss , would you like to try this free sample of our new suntan cream ? Sure , why not ? This is a new product of company this year . It's oil-free .
Sure , why not ? This is a new product of company this year . It's oil-free . I see . It feels very light on the skin .
This is a new product of company this year . It's oil-free . I see . It feels very light on the skin . It gives your skin a very natural healthy look .
Hello , is John in ? No , can I take a message ? No , I'll call back later .
Hello . Capital Hotel . May I help you ? Yes , unlikely my flight will be 2 hours due to the fog . Would you please keep my reservation ? Sure . May I have your name please ?
Where is that ? Take me to the airport , please . Are you in a hurry ?
Take me to the airport , please . Are you in a hurry ? I have to be there before 17 o'clock .
Are you in a hurry ? I have to be there before 17 o'clock . We'll make it except a jam . You know it's rush hour .
I have to be there before 17 o'clock . We'll make it except a jam . You know it's rush hour . There's an extra ten in it for you if you can get me there on time .
We'll make it except a jam . You know it's rush hour . There's an extra ten in it for you if you can get me there on time . I'll do my best .
There's an extra ten in it for you if you can get me there on time . I'll do my best . Here's twenty dollars .
I'll do my best . Here's twenty dollars . Do you have small bills ?
Here's twenty dollars . Do you have small bills ? No . If you can't break it , keep the change . But can you give me a receipt ?
Excuse me . Yes ? Can you tell me the way to the Peak Tram , please ?
Yes ? Can you tell me the way to the Peak Tram , please ? Certainly . Go along Queen's Road ...
Can you tell me the way to the Peak Tram , please ? Certainly . Go along Queen's Road ... Along Queen's Road ...
Certainly . Go along Queen's Road ... Along Queen's Road ... Yes , and turn right at the Hilton Hotel .
Along Queen's Road ... Yes , and turn right at the Hilton Hotel . Right at the Hilton .
Yes , and turn right at the Hilton Hotel . Right at the Hilton . Then go up Garden Road , past the Cathedral .
Right at the Hilton . Then go up Garden Road , past the Cathedral . The Cathedral ?
Then go up Garden Road , past the Cathedral . The Cathedral ? Yes . Then cross the road at the next traffic lights . The Peak Tram is straight ahead . You can't miss it .
The Cathedral ? Yes . Then cross the road at the next traffic lights . The Peak Tram is straight ahead . You can't miss it . That's very kind of you . Thank you . Er ... have you got a pencil ?
Yes . Then cross the road at the next traffic lights . The Peak Tram is straight ahead . You can't miss it . That's very kind of you . Thank you . Er ... have you got a pencil ? Yes . Why ?
Thank you for purchasing your new mattress with us . No , thank you . Would you like us to deliver the mattress for you , sir ?
No , thank you . Would you like us to deliver the mattress for you , sir ? That would be great .
Would you like us to deliver the mattress for you , sir ? That would be great . When do you want it delivered ?
That would be great . When do you want it delivered ? I need it delivered tomorrow . Will that be possible ?
When do you want it delivered ? I need it delivered tomorrow . Will that be possible ? What time exactly ?
I need it delivered tomorrow . Will that be possible ? What time exactly ? I need it delivered at 12 o'clock .
What time exactly ? I need it delivered at 12 o'clock . We can have it to you at that time .
I need it delivered at 12 o'clock . We can have it to you at that time . That's not a problem ?
We can have it to you at that time . That's not a problem ? We will deliver your mattress tomorrow at 12 o'clock .
Recently I have been getting headache and my eyes don't seems to see focus properly . When did you last time have your eyes checked ? Two years ago . At that time I had no problems . Now I can ' t even make out something ten meters away .
When did you last time have your eyes checked ? Two years ago . At that time I had no problems . Now I can ' t even make out something ten meters away . Come over here . I will test your eyes . First cover your left eye like this , and when I point , please read the chart from the top , and go as far as you can , telling me which way the " E " points .
Two years ago . At that time I had no problems . Now I can ' t even make out something ten meters away . Come over here . I will test your eyes . First cover your left eye like this , and when I point , please read the chart from the top , and go as far as you can , telling me which way the " E " points . All right .
Come over here . I will test your eyes . First cover your left eye like this , and when I point , please read the chart from the top , and go as far as you can , telling me which way the " E " points . All right . Good . Now the other eye .
All right . Good . Now the other eye . Well , this one is worse .
Good . Now the other eye . Well , this one is worse . Never mind , just read as far as you can .
Do you have any seat preferences , sir ? Yes , could you put me in the no-smoking section ? Yes . Would you like a window seat ?
I'm glad these batteries are on sale . I'm sorry . These batteries are not on sale . But that's what the ad said .
I'm sorry . These batteries are not on sale . But that's what the ad said . I'm sorry . If you look at the ad again , you'll see that the other brand is on sale .
But that's what the ad said . I'm sorry . If you look at the ad again , you'll see that the other brand is on sale . Oh . You're right . I misread the ad .
I'm sorry . If you look at the ad again , you'll see that the other brand is on sale . Oh . You're right . I misread the ad . Yes , many people make that mistake .
Oh . You're right . I misread the ad . Yes , many people make that mistake . Well , you can't blame them . It's a confusing ad .
Yes , many people make that mistake . Well , you can't blame them . It's a confusing ad . You're right . Many ads are like that .
Well , you can't blame them . It's a confusing ad . You're right . Many ads are like that . Well , as long as I'm here .
Hi , John . Oh , hi , Mary , come on in . Any problem ? Oh , no problem .
Oh , hi , Mary , come on in . Any problem ? Oh , no problem . Great . I forgot to ask you , though . How long did you want the place ?
Oh , no problem . Great . I forgot to ask you , though . How long did you want the place ? Six months .
Great . I forgot to ask you , though . How long did you want the place ? Six months . Oh , well , that might be a problem . I usually only sign one year leases .
Six months . Oh , well , that might be a problem . I usually only sign one year leases . Well , one year would be fine , too . I ' m not planning on leaving the area anytime soon .
Oh , well , that might be a problem . I usually only sign one year leases . Well , one year would be fine , too . I ' m not planning on leaving the area anytime soon . Well , if it ' s not a problem . Then here you go .
Well , one year would be fine , too . I ' m not planning on leaving the area anytime soon . Well , if it ' s not a problem . Then here you go . Just let me look at it quickly .
Well , if it ' s not a problem . Then here you go . Just let me look at it quickly . Of course .
Just let me look at it quickly . Of course . Looks like a standard lease .
Of course . Looks like a standard lease . Yeah , and don ' t worry about the security deposit . If everything ' s all right when you move out , you ' ll get it back .
Looks like a standard lease . Yeah , and don ' t worry about the security deposit . If everything ' s all right when you move out , you ' ll get it back . O . K . Great . Just sign and date it here ?
Yeah , and don ' t worry about the security deposit . If everything ' s all right when you move out , you ' ll get it back . O . K . Great . Just sign and date it here ? Yes . Thanks . You can move your stuff in tomorrow .
Do you have any night tours ? Yes , we will depart in 10 minutes . Is that a guided tour ?
Yes , we will depart in 10 minutes . Is that a guided tour ? Yes , it is .
Excuse me , but can I draw on my account for payment of things I buy in China ? Certainly , sir . How much do you draw ? RIB 8,000 , please . Would you please tell me my balance ?
What do you think of this dress ? Do you think it suits me ? Sure . Why don ' t you try it on ? The fitting room is over there . It ' s just the right size-a perfect fit ! Have you seen anything you like ?
Sure . Why don ' t you try it on ? The fitting room is over there . It ' s just the right size-a perfect fit ! Have you seen anything you like ? I ' m thinking about buying this sweater . I know it ' s June now , but it will be perfect for autumn and winter .
It ' s just the right size-a perfect fit ! Have you seen anything you like ? I ' m thinking about buying this sweater . I know it ' s June now , but it will be perfect for autumn and winter . It looks too big for you , but I like the color and the material is good quality . Is it on sale ?
I ' m thinking about buying this sweater . I know it ' s June now , but it will be perfect for autumn and winter . It looks too big for you , but I like the color and the material is good quality . Is it on sale ? Yes , it ' s half price . It ' s supposed to be too large--that ' s the fashion .
It looks too big for you , but I like the color and the material is good quality . Is it on sale ? Yes , it ' s half price . It ' s supposed to be too large--that ' s the fashion . I might get one too , but in a different color . I prefer light blue to white .
Yes , it ' s half price . It ' s supposed to be too large--that ' s the fashion . I might get one too , but in a different color . I prefer light blue to white . There . It looks great , don ' t you think ? I ' m going to get these jeans as well . I need a new pair . I ' m also going to buy this scarf ready for winter .
I might get one too , but in a different color . I prefer light blue to white . There . It looks great , don ' t you think ? I ' m going to get these jeans as well . I need a new pair . I ' m also going to buy this scarf ready for winter . I ' m getting this beret ? Doesn ' t it look cool ? I ' d like to get some jeans too , but I don ' t have enough cash on me .
There . It looks great , don ' t you think ? I ' m going to get these jeans as well . I need a new pair . I ' m also going to buy this scarf ready for winter . I ' m getting this beret ? Doesn ' t it look cool ? I ' d like to get some jeans too , but I don ' t have enough cash on me . Don ' t worry . I ' Ve got my credit card . You can pay me back later .
We hope that there will be no repetition of this kind of trouble in the future . Yes . I promise it will not happen again . We look forward to your settlement at an early date .
Could you give me an expense report ? I would like to attach the invoices for my phone bill this season . Here you are . Do you need glue ? That is very kind of you . I ' m just running out of glue .
Tom . Please do not disturb me for the next hour . Are you having a meeting ? Yes , and I don't want to be interrupted .
Excuse me , you look lost . Can I help you ? Oh , Thank you . I'm looking for the train station . Right . Let me see . You go straight down here and turn right .
Oh , Thank you . I'm looking for the train station . Right . Let me see . You go straight down here and turn right . Right ? OK , got it .
Right . Let me see . You go straight down here and turn right . Right ? OK , got it . Then take the next left then the next right . Are you with me ?
I'd like a double room . Do you have a reservation ? Yes , I called you last week from New York . My name is George Lee .
Do you have a reservation ? Yes , I called you last week from New York . My name is George Lee . Wait a second , PLS . Yes , Mr . Lee , we have a room reserved for you . How long do you plan to stay ?
Yes , I called you last week from New York . My name is George Lee . Wait a second , PLS . Yes , Mr . Lee , we have a room reserved for you . How long do you plan to stay ? Probably two days . My wife will join me tomorrow . Then we will decide when to leave for Seattle .
Wait a second , PLS . Yes , Mr . Lee , we have a room reserved for you . How long do you plan to stay ? Probably two days . My wife will join me tomorrow . Then we will decide when to leave for Seattle . Would you sign the register , PLS ?
Probably two days . My wife will join me tomorrow . Then we will decide when to leave for Seattle . Would you sign the register , PLS ? By the way , does my room have a private bath ?
Would you sign the register , PLS ? By the way , does my room have a private bath ? Certainly , every room in this hotel has a private bath .
By the way , does my room have a private bath ? Certainly , every room in this hotel has a private bath . Does my room have twin beds or a double ? I prefer a room with twin beds .
Certainly , every room in this hotel has a private bath . Does my room have twin beds or a double ? I prefer a room with twin beds . Your room has twin beds , Mr . Lee . It also has a view . I am sure you will like it . This is your key . It's on the eighth floor room 801 . The elevator's over there .
Does my room have twin beds or a double ? I prefer a room with twin beds . Your room has twin beds , Mr . Lee . It also has a view . I am sure you will like it . This is your key . It's on the eighth floor room 801 . The elevator's over there . Thank you . One more thing , where is your restaurant ?
Your room has twin beds , Mr . Lee . It also has a view . I am sure you will like it . This is your key . It's on the eighth floor room 801 . The elevator's over there . Thank you . One more thing , where is your restaurant ? The restaurant is on the second floor . We also have a cafeteria on the top floor . If you would like something to drink , you can either call room service or come down here . The bar is right behind the lobby .
Thank you . One more thing , where is your restaurant ? The restaurant is on the second floor . We also have a cafeteria on the top floor . If you would like something to drink , you can either call room service or come down here . The bar is right behind the lobby . Thank you , you are very kind !
There are so many eating utensils on the table . Which ones do I use first ? Use them from the outside in . I see . A set for appetizers and another for the main course .
Use them from the outside in . I see . A set for appetizers and another for the main course . Right . We do the same thing at home . Don't you remember ?
I see . A set for appetizers and another for the main course . Right . We do the same thing at home . Don't you remember ? Oh yeah . The big napkin goes on my lap .
Right . We do the same thing at home . Don't you remember ? Oh yeah . The big napkin goes on my lap . Let's look at our menus .
Oh yeah . The big napkin goes on my lap . Let's look at our menus . Cindy , help me order because I'm still not very familiar with American cooking .
Yes , ma'am , how could I help you ? I am wondering if you do facial care ? Yes , we do .
I am wondering if you do facial care ? Yes , we do . How much would it be ?
Yes , we do . How much would it be ? From 200 to 800 .
How much would it be ? From 200 to 800 . I'm afraid 800 is too expensive for me . Could you recommend something around 300 ?
I want to go try on these clothes . What did you find ? I found some jeans , and a new blouse .
What did you find ? I found some jeans , and a new blouse . Go and try it on .
I found some jeans , and a new blouse . Go and try it on . What do you think ?
Go and try it on . What do you think ? I love that shirt on you .
What do you think ? I love that shirt on you . What about the jeans ?
I love that shirt on you . What about the jeans ? They don't really fit you right .
What about the jeans ? They don't really fit you right . I don't think so either .
They don't really fit you right . I don't think so either . That blouse is absolutely wonderful on you though .
I don't think so either . That blouse is absolutely wonderful on you though . Well , I'll just buy the shirt .
Yes , sir ? Can I have Mr . J . Smith paged ? He said he'd be in the main dining room . I'm Mr . J . B . White . Who would you like to have paged again , sir ?
Can I have Mr . J . Smith paged ? He said he'd be in the main dining room . I'm Mr . J . B . White . Who would you like to have paged again , sir ? Mr . J . Smith .
Who would you like to have paged again , sir ? Mr . J . Smith . Where would you like him to come ?
Mr . J . Smith . Where would you like him to come ? To the front desk .
I haven't told you what happened yet , have I ? I haven't heard anything . My boss offered me a promotion , and I took it .
I haven't heard anything . My boss offered me a promotion , and I took it . Are you serious ?
My boss offered me a promotion , and I took it . Are you serious ? Yes , I am really excited .
Are you serious ? Yes , I am really excited . That's great . Congratulations .
Yes , I am really excited . That's great . Congratulations . I appreciate that .
That's great . Congratulations . I appreciate that . You have no idea how happy I am for you .
I appreciate that . You have no idea how happy I am for you . For real ?
Excuse me , waiter , would you please bring us a nest ? A friend of mine will join us . Wait a moment . Here you are . By the way , we would like to order some dishes for my friend .
What's our target audience for this campaign ? This go-around we're focusing on new moms , families with median income and one or more children under the age of two . Do you think that's much different from the succor moms we tailored the last campaign for ?
This go-around we're focusing on new moms , families with median income and one or more children under the age of two . Do you think that's much different from the succor moms we tailored the last campaign for ? Well , there are some similarities that come up . Because both groups are made up of mothers ... so as before , we can play up on maternal instincts , hygiene , safety , along those lines . But that being said , there are some specific differences that come into play because we are dealing with mothers of infants here .
Do you think that's much different from the succor moms we tailored the last campaign for ? Well , there are some similarities that come up . Because both groups are made up of mothers ... so as before , we can play up on maternal instincts , hygiene , safety , along those lines . But that being said , there are some specific differences that come into play because we are dealing with mothers of infants here . Right , that makes sense . What's the average age ?
Taxi ! Yes , sir . Where to ? Wangfujing , please !
Yes , sir . Where to ? Wangfujing , please ! All right .
Wangfujing , please ! All right . Oh , I like the music on your radio . It's nice .
All right . Oh , I like the music on your radio . It's nice . Thank you ! I always tune to this program when driving . So what's your favorite program ?
Oh , I like the music on your radio . It's nice . Thank you ! I always tune to this program when driving . So what's your favorite program ? I like Winner's English very mush . You know the Beijing Olympic Games is right around the corner . We should learn English Well . It's on FM 96 . 6 , China Business Radio . You can get it on your radio too .
Thank you ! I always tune to this program when driving . So what's your favorite program ? I like Winner's English very mush . You know the Beijing Olympic Games is right around the corner . We should learn English Well . It's on FM 96 . 6 , China Business Radio . You can get it on your radio too . But I don't speak English at all .
I like Winner's English very mush . You know the Beijing Olympic Games is right around the corner . We should learn English Well . It's on FM 96 . 6 , China Business Radio . You can get it on your radio too . But I don't speak English at all . That's OK . The program is especially for the beginners like us .
But I don't speak English at all . That's OK . The program is especially for the beginners like us . Really ? When is it on ?
That's OK . The program is especially for the beginners like us . Really ? When is it on ? It begins at 6:40 every morning , and it goes for 20 minutes .
Really ? When is it on ? It begins at 6:40 every morning , and it goes for 20 minutes . Thank you so much . I'll try and catch that .
It begins at 6:40 every morning , and it goes for 20 minutes . Thank you so much . I'll try and catch that . The radio has brought us lots of convenience .
Thank you so much . I'll try and catch that . The radio has brought us lots of convenience . Yes , I can also learn about the traffic condition through it .
The radio has brought us lots of convenience . Yes , I can also learn about the traffic condition through it . With the development of the society and technology , radio is nearly everywhere .
How long does it take to get to downtown from here ? It is 15 minutes ' drive . What companies do we have in our neighborhood ?
It is 15 minutes ' drive . What companies do we have in our neighborhood ? Mitsubishi , HP , IBM and many other famous corporations .
What companies do we have in our neighborhood ? Mitsubishi , HP , IBM and many other famous corporations . Does the 7th floor belong to our company too ?
Mitsubishi , HP , IBM and many other famous corporations . Does the 7th floor belong to our company too ? Yes , our company has two floors , the 6th and 7th floor in this building .
Does the 7th floor belong to our company too ? Yes , our company has two floors , the 6th and 7th floor in this building . It ' s such a large firm . Do we have our own staff restaurant ?
Hello , China Southern Airlines . Can I help you ? Yes , could I make a reservation to New York on July 21st , next Friday ? Sorry , there is no flight available on July 21st .
Yes , could I make a reservation to New York on July 21st , next Friday ? Sorry , there is no flight available on July 21st . That's too bad . What's the earliest flight available ?
Sorry , there is no flight available on July 21st . That's too bad . What's the earliest flight available ? I can give you a reservation on flight No CZ 387 on July 22nd .
That's too bad . What's the earliest flight available ? I can give you a reservation on flight No CZ 387 on July 22nd . What about the fight schedule ?
I can give you a reservation on flight No CZ 387 on July 22nd . What about the fight schedule ? It departs at 12:10 and arrives at 15:10 next day .
What about the fight schedule ? It departs at 12:10 and arrives at 15:10 next day . Is it a non-stop flight ?
It departs at 12:10 and arrives at 15:10 next day . Is it a non-stop flight ? Yes .
Is it a non-stop flight ? Yes . Sounds good . I'd like to take this flight .
Yes . Sounds good . I'd like to take this flight . Would you prefer first class or economy class ?
Sounds good . I'd like to take this flight . Would you prefer first class or economy class ? Economy class .
Would you prefer first class or economy class ? Economy class . And your name , please ?
Economy class . And your name , please ? Edward Smith .
And your name , please ? Edward Smith . Mr . Smith , you can get things fixed through our agencies in Guangzhou . Do remember to bring your passport with you .
Edward Smith . Mr . Smith , you can get things fixed through our agencies in Guangzhou . Do remember to bring your passport with you . Yes , many thanks . Goodbye .
May I help you , madam ? Yes . I ' m trying to find a pair of earrings to match my necklace . Can you recommend some to me ? Yes . Your gold necklace has a diamond pendant , and your eardrops should be
Yes . I ' m trying to find a pair of earrings to match my necklace . Can you recommend some to me ? Yes . Your gold necklace has a diamond pendant , and your eardrops should be These look wonderful . Do these come with a guarantee of quality ?
Yes . Your gold necklace has a diamond pendant , and your eardrops should be These look wonderful . Do these come with a guarantee of quality ? Of course . If there is anything wrong with them , you can come back and show me the guarantee of quality , and then you will surely get free service .
Hi , I need to make an appointment to see the doctor . What seems to be the problem ? I have a rash that I need a doctor to look at .
What seems to be the problem ? I have a rash that I need a doctor to look at . Do you have a fever with that rash ?
I have a rash that I need a doctor to look at . Do you have a fever with that rash ? No , it just itches a lot .
Do you have a fever with that rash ? No , it just itches a lot . I have openings on Tuesday or Wednesday . Which would be best for you ?
No , it just itches a lot . I have openings on Tuesday or Wednesday . Which would be best for you ? I need an appointment on Tuesday .
I have openings on Tuesday or Wednesday . Which would be best for you ? I need an appointment on Tuesday . Fine , I am putting you down for 9
I need an appointment on Tuesday . Fine , I am putting you down for 9 I would like to see Dr . Jones .
Good morning . sir . My name is Liu Peng from Tsinghai University . I am here for the interview relating to my visa application . Glad to meet you . Would you mind if I ask you some questions ? Of course not .
Glad to meet you . Would you mind if I ask you some questions ? Of course not . Why do you want to go to the US ?
Of course not . Why do you want to go to the US ? I'd like to have further education . Now I am studying for my doctorate .
Why do you want to go to the US ? I'd like to have further education . Now I am studying for my doctorate . Will you get any kind of scholarship ?
Hey ! What happened ? ! My song was only half way through and it skipped to the next song . I don't know what happened ! You cancelled the song , didn't you , Jack ?
I don't know what happened ! You cancelled the song , didn't you , Jack ? No , I didn't . Really !
Where can I get my baggage ? Are you from a domestic flight or an international one ? An international one from Seattle .
Are you from a domestic flight or an international one ? An international one from Seattle . In that case , you should go to the baggage hall over there .
Good morning ! Can I speak to Miss Cooper please ? Would you hold on a second , please ? Miss Cooper's extension is engaged .
Can I speak to Miss Cooper please ? Would you hold on a second , please ? Miss Cooper's extension is engaged . Engaged . Oh , dear ! Could you tell her it's a long-distance call ?
Would you hold on a second , please ? Miss Cooper's extension is engaged . Engaged . Oh , dear ! Could you tell her it's a long-distance call ? I'm sorry , sir . I can't interrupt her . I'm sure she won't be very long .
Engaged . Oh , dear ! Could you tell her it's a long-distance call ? I'm sorry , sir . I can't interrupt her . I'm sure she won't be very long . How long do you think she'll be ?
I'm sorry , sir . I can't interrupt her . I'm sure she won't be very long . How long do you think she'll be ? I really can't say how long she'll be .
How long do you think she'll be ? I really can't say how long she'll be . Can I leave a message , please ?
I really can't say how long she'll be . Can I leave a message , please ? Yes , certainly .
Can I leave a message , please ? Yes , certainly . Can you tell her I'm waiting to speak to her ?
Yes , certainly . Can you tell her I'm waiting to speak to her ? Yes , sir . I'll ring her on an inside line if you like .
What can I do for you ? I need some medicine . For whom ?
I need some medicine . For whom ? My wife . She suffers from a bad cold .
For whom ? My wife . She suffers from a bad cold . What symptoms does she have ?
My wife . She suffers from a bad cold . What symptoms does she have ? Fever and a bad cough .
What symptoms does she have ? Fever and a bad cough . I see . Don't worry , just a common cold .
Fever and a bad cough . I see . Don't worry , just a common cold . What kind of medicine does she need ?
I see . Don't worry , just a common cold . What kind of medicine does she need ? Patulin will be enough .
What kind of medicine does she need ? Patulin will be enough . How many pills for each time ?
Patulin will be enough . How many pills for each time ? Nine pills per day , and three pills after each meal .
How many pills for each time ? Nine pills per day , and three pills after each meal . Thank you very much .
Hello . This is the Holiday Inn . Can I help you ? Hi . Is there a special rate for a group reservation ? Yes . There is a 20 % to 40 % discount . It depends on the season . During the summer the discount is 20 % . During the winter it is 40 % .
Hi . Is there a special rate for a group reservation ? Yes . There is a 20 % to 40 % discount . It depends on the season . During the summer the discount is 20 % . During the winter it is 40 % . I need five single rooms in October . How much of a discount can I get ?
Yes . There is a 20 % to 40 % discount . It depends on the season . During the summer the discount is 20 % . During the winter it is 40 % . I need five single rooms in October . How much of a discount can I get ? Our summer season ended in September . So the discount will be 40 % . That ' s a good deal . Would you prefer rooms with a front view or rear view ?
I need five single rooms in October . How much of a discount can I get ? Our summer season ended in September . So the discount will be 40 % . That ' s a good deal . Would you prefer rooms with a front view or rear view ? Front view , please .
Our summer season ended in September . So the discount will be 40 % . That ' s a good deal . Would you prefer rooms with a front view or rear view ? Front view , please . What date and time will you be checking in ?
Front view , please . What date and time will you be checking in ? October 25th around 2:00 in the afternoon .
What date and time will you be checking in ? October 25th around 2:00 in the afternoon . We need you to send a deposit for 1/3 of the bill . You can send the check , or you can use the credit card .
October 25th around 2:00 in the afternoon . We need you to send a deposit for 1/3 of the bill . You can send the check , or you can use the credit card . Ok . I ' ll send a check .
We need you to send a deposit for 1/3 of the bill . You can send the check , or you can use the credit card . Ok . I ' ll send a check . Could you tell me your name , address and phone number , please ?
Ok . I ' ll send a check . Could you tell me your name , address and phone number , please ? Sure . My name is Anderson . My address is 109 Ferguson East , Holton . And my phone number is 309 789 1267 .
May I help you ? Yes , I would like to exchange some money . what currency would you like to trade in ?
Yes , I would like to exchange some money . what currency would you like to trade in ? I would like to exchange Chinese RIB for American dollars . Do you accept $ 100 bills ?
what currency would you like to trade in ? I would like to exchange Chinese RIB for American dollars . Do you accept $ 100 bills ? No problem , we can accept any denomination . How much would you like to exchange today ?
I would like to exchange Chinese RIB for American dollars . Do you accept $ 100 bills ? No problem , we can accept any denomination . How much would you like to exchange today ? Well , that depends on the rate . How much is the RIB trading at today ?
No problem , we can accept any denomination . How much would you like to exchange today ? Well , that depends on the rate . How much is the RIB trading at today ? It's a shame you didn't come a little earlier , the exchange rate was reset yesterday afternoon . The American dollar is now worth 7 . 45RMB . If you would like to sell RIB , we can give you a rate of 7 . 35 . Will that be all right ?
Hello , this is Lucy . May I speak to Mr . Smith ? Oh , hello , Lucy . What's up ? I'm afraid I can't come to work today , Mr . Smith .
Oh , hello , Lucy . What's up ? I'm afraid I can't come to work today , Mr . Smith . Oh , what's wrong with you ?
I'm afraid I can't come to work today , Mr . Smith . Oh , what's wrong with you ? I've got a fever and a very sore throat .
Oh , what's wrong with you ? I've got a fever and a very sore throat . Well , you sound ill over the phone .
I've got a fever and a very sore throat . Well , you sound ill over the phone . Yes . I have to stay in bed today , but I'll be able to come tomorrow .
Well , you sound ill over the phone . Yes . I have to stay in bed today , but I'll be able to come tomorrow . That's all right . Have a good rest until you feel well enough .
Yes . I have to stay in bed today , but I'll be able to come tomorrow . That's all right . Have a good rest until you feel well enough . Thank you , Mr . Smith . Goodbye .
You really need to look at some of the problems we are having with the apartment . That apartment never had any problems before . Are you sure the problem isn ' t you ? We spoke with you the first week we moved in about things that you promised to fix .
That apartment never had any problems before . Are you sure the problem isn ' t you ? We spoke with you the first week we moved in about things that you promised to fix . Where do you think you have problems ?
We spoke with you the first week we moved in about things that you promised to fix . Where do you think you have problems ? There is no hot water , the bedroom has a broken window , and there are rats in the kitchen .
Where do you think you have problems ? There is no hot water , the bedroom has a broken window , and there are rats in the kitchen . You know , no one else who has been in that apartment has had a problem before .
There is no hot water , the bedroom has a broken window , and there are rats in the kitchen . You know , no one else who has been in that apartment has had a problem before . You are obligated to maintain your building and my apartment .
You know , no one else who has been in that apartment has had a problem before . You are obligated to maintain your building and my apartment . I will fix these problems when I get around to it .
You are obligated to maintain your building and my apartment . I will fix these problems when I get around to it . I will be withholding my rent check this Friday unless these problems are addressed immediately .
Hi , do you have any tickets for the show tonight ? Sorry , it ' s all sold out . Well , do you have any for tomorrow ?
Sorry , it ' s all sold out . Well , do you have any for tomorrow ? We have tickets for the matinee . It starts at 3p . m .
Well , do you have any for tomorrow ? We have tickets for the matinee . It starts at 3p . m . Ok . I ' ll take it .
We have tickets for the matinee . It starts at 3p . m . Ok . I ' ll take it . Where would you like to sit ?
Ok . I ' ll take it . Where would you like to sit ? Do you have anything in the middle section ? I want a good view , but sitting too close hurts my eyes .
Give me a pack of first-class stamps , please . Here you are . That will be five dollars . Anything else ? Yes . I want some post cards and some airmail stamps . I want to send some letters to South America .
Here you are . That will be five dollars . Anything else ? Yes . I want some post cards and some airmail stamps . I want to send some letters to South America . Just a moment , I'll look up the rate for air-mail letters to South America .
Yes . I want some post cards and some airmail stamps . I want to send some letters to South America . Just a moment , I'll look up the rate for air-mail letters to South America . Can you tell me how much it will cost to send a package to Colombia ? Also , I what to know how long it will take .
Just a moment , I'll look up the rate for air-mail letters to South America . Can you tell me how much it will cost to send a package to Colombia ? Also , I what to know how long it will take . Do you have the package with you ? I would have to weigh it to see how much it would cost .
Can you tell me how much it will cost to send a package to Colombia ? Also , I what to know how long it will take . Do you have the package with you ? I would have to weigh it to see how much it would cost . Do you insure package ?
Do you have the package with you ? I would have to weigh it to see how much it would cost . Do you insure package ? Yes . All you have to do declare the value of the package and decide how much you want to insure it for .
Do you insure package ? Yes . All you have to do declare the value of the package and decide how much you want to insure it for . Is there a way that I can be sure that the people in South america receive my package ?
Yes . All you have to do declare the value of the package and decide how much you want to insure it for . Is there a way that I can be sure that the people in South america receive my package ? The post office rarely loses package . You can , however , request a rectum receipt .
Is there a way that I can be sure that the people in South america receive my package ? The post office rarely loses package . You can , however , request a rectum receipt . One last question-what are your hours ?
The post office rarely loses package . You can , however , request a rectum receipt . One last question-what are your hours ? We open at eight-thirty in the morning and close at five-thirty in the afternoon .
Hi , Sally ! You are talking to the proud father of a new baby girl ! Congratulations , Bob ! That ' s great news , what ' s her name ? We ' Ve named her Alice after my wife ' s grandmother .
Marry Lin's Office , this is Linda . Linda , this is David Wang . Hi , Mr . Wang , what can I help you with ?
Linda , this is David Wang . Hi , Mr . Wang , what can I help you with ? I need to talk with Marry .
Hi , Mr . Wang , what can I help you with ? I need to talk with Marry . Certainly , hold on .
Here ' s my passport . I'm a visiting scholar . Do you have anything to declare ? No , these are all my personal effects .
Do you have anything to declare ? No , these are all my personal effects . What's in the bag ? Would you mind opening the bag ?
No , these are all my personal effects . What's in the bag ? Would you mind opening the bag ? Not at all . I don't know what's dutiable . Do I have to pay duty on things for my own use ?
What's in the bag ? Would you mind opening the bag ? Not at all . I don't know what's dutiable . Do I have to pay duty on things for my own use ? NO . You don't have to pay duty on personal belongings .
Is there anything I can do for you ? I'm interested in taking a tour to Sydney . Well , we have a package tour there .
I'm interested in taking a tour to Sydney . Well , we have a package tour there . How much does it cost ?
Well , we have a package tour there . How much does it cost ? $ 600 .
How much does it cost ? $ 600 . Does that include the insurance ?
We have achieved great success last year . The most important is that we realize our strength lies in after-sale service . Your achievement is obvious to all . What we will do is to strengthen it .
Mary , can you tell me how you keep in shape ? You'll never be in shape until you eat less and take more exercise . Now , tell me what you often eat .
You'll never be in shape until you eat less and take more exercise . Now , tell me what you often eat . I often eat fish and eggs .
Now , tell me what you often eat . I often eat fish and eggs . Do you eat a lot of vegetables ?
I often eat fish and eggs . Do you eat a lot of vegetables ? Oh yes , and fruits . I love fruits very much .
Do you eat a lot of vegetables ? Oh yes , and fruits . I love fruits very much . What do you like to drink ?
Oh yes , and fruits . I love fruits very much . What do you like to drink ? Well , I never drink alcohol , coffee or tea .
What do you like to drink ? Well , I never drink alcohol , coffee or tea . Whatever would you like to drink ?
Well , I never drink alcohol , coffee or tea . Whatever would you like to drink ? I drink a lot of milk . I drink milk almost every day .
Whatever would you like to drink ? I drink a lot of milk . I drink milk almost every day . How often do you exercise ?
I drink a lot of milk . I drink milk almost every day . How often do you exercise ? Well , I walk every day .
How often do you exercise ? Well , I walk every day . It's a good diet and a regular exercise .
Where are you feeling the pain ? I can ' t stand up ! My stomach is killing me ! Can you put your hand where it hurts the most ?
I can ' t stand up ! My stomach is killing me ! Can you put your hand where it hurts the most ? It hurts smack in the middle of my gut !
Can you put your hand where it hurts the most ? It hurts smack in the middle of my gut ! Did this just come on suddenly ?
It hurts smack in the middle of my gut ! Did this just come on suddenly ? I felt OK until an hour or so ago , and then I just doubled over .
Did this just come on suddenly ? I felt OK until an hour or so ago , and then I just doubled over . Have you exercised strenuously or played sports recently ?
I felt OK until an hour or so ago , and then I just doubled over . Have you exercised strenuously or played sports recently ? No , and I don ' t usually get a lot of stomachaches .
Have you exercised strenuously or played sports recently ? No , and I don ' t usually get a lot of stomachaches . We need to get you to an emergency room to see what the problem is .
Have you brought the receipt with you ? No , I don't . I left it home . Sorry , but we can't do anything without the receipt . Come back with it .
No , I don't . I left it home . Sorry , but we can't do anything without the receipt . Come back with it . I didn't know . I'll go to get it . How late will you be open ?
Excuse me , sir . Are there only 3 programs in your hotel ? Of course not . We have 50 channels in all . Well . I am afraid it must be my fault . Can you send someone here to help me ?
So , how should we get to the theatre ? Let's take the bus . I hate the bus system in London ! The bus drivers are rude , the buses are never on time , and there are few people around who can help you .
Let's take the bus . I hate the bus system in London ! The bus drivers are rude , the buses are never on time , and there are few people around who can help you . It's not that bad . You probably just had a bad experience once .
I hate the bus system in London ! The bus drivers are rude , the buses are never on time , and there are few people around who can help you . It's not that bad . You probably just had a bad experience once . It wasn't just once . Every single time I take the bus , something bad happens to me or to someone else on the bus .
It's not that bad . You probably just had a bad experience once . It wasn't just once . Every single time I take the bus , something bad happens to me or to someone else on the bus . We could take the subway , but we'd have to go three stops along one line and then change trains twice .
It wasn't just once . Every single time I take the bus , something bad happens to me or to someone else on the bus . We could take the subway , but we'd have to go three stops along one line and then change trains twice . Train fares are twice as expensive as the bus fare , too .
We could take the subway , but we'd have to go three stops along one line and then change trains twice . Train fares are twice as expensive as the bus fare , too . If we don't hurry up , we'll miss the show . Should we take the bus ?
Train fares are twice as expensive as the bus fare , too . If we don't hurry up , we'll miss the show . Should we take the bus ? We're already late , so I think we had better take a taxi .
If we don't hurry up , we'll miss the show . Should we take the bus ? We're already late , so I think we had better take a taxi . I don't think we'll be able to find a taxi very easily during hush hours . Let's just take the bus .
We're already late , so I think we had better take a taxi . I don't think we'll be able to find a taxi very easily during hush hours . Let's just take the bus . Fine . Have a look at the timetable to find out when the next one arrives .
I don't think we'll be able to find a taxi very easily during hush hours . Let's just take the bus . Fine . Have a look at the timetable to find out when the next one arrives . It looks like it should be here in just a few minutes . don't worry . Nothing bad will happen . I'll even buy your ticket for you .
Fine . Have a look at the timetable to find out when the next one arrives . It looks like it should be here in just a few minutes . don't worry . Nothing bad will happen . I'll even buy your ticket for you . Thanks , that was nice of you .
The bathroom looks lovely . Did you redecorate it yourself or did you get someone in to do it for you ? I did it myself . I went online and found a lot of website devoted to home improvement . Then I went to DIY shop and bought everything I needed . I ' m sure I saved a lot of money by doing it myself and it was fun too . I learnt a lot by doing it myself . So , let ' s see . You have put new tiles on the floor and replaced a few tiles on the walls . You ' Ve also added a small cupboard for toiletries . The bath , shower , and washbasin are the same as before , aren ' t they ?
I did it myself . I went online and found a lot of website devoted to home improvement . Then I went to DIY shop and bought everything I needed . I ' m sure I saved a lot of money by doing it myself and it was fun too . I learnt a lot by doing it myself . So , let ' s see . You have put new tiles on the floor and replaced a few tiles on the walls . You ' Ve also added a small cupboard for toiletries . The bath , shower , and washbasin are the same as before , aren ' t they ? Yes , they are . I gave them a good clean . They are in good condition and don ' t need to be replaced .
So , let ' s see . You have put new tiles on the floor and replaced a few tiles on the walls . You ' Ve also added a small cupboard for toiletries . The bath , shower , and washbasin are the same as before , aren ' t they ? Yes , they are . I gave them a good clean . They are in good condition and don ' t need to be replaced . How long did it take you to do the tiling .
Yes , they are . I gave them a good clean . They are in good condition and don ' t need to be replaced . How long did it take you to do the tiling . As I hadn ' t done it before , I had to keep referring to income 3ation I got from the internet . Doing the floor tiles took a whole day-from early morning to right through to the evening . Then I spent a few hours replacing the cracked wall tiles . Putting the cupboard up took about an hour , so it took me two days altogether .
How long did it take you to do the tiling . As I hadn ' t done it before , I had to keep referring to income 3ation I got from the internet . Doing the floor tiles took a whole day-from early morning to right through to the evening . Then I spent a few hours replacing the cracked wall tiles . Putting the cupboard up took about an hour , so it took me two days altogether . I think you ' Ve done a very good job . As least as good as a professional would do . Perhaps I can convince you to redo my bathroom ?
Are you ready to go shopping ? Just a minute . I need to make a list of thinks that we need . Good idea . Have you written down potatoes , carrots , and onions ?
Just a minute . I need to make a list of thinks that we need . Good idea . Have you written down potatoes , carrots , and onions ? I don ' t have onions on my list . I ' ll add them . We should get some tea . Is green tea ok or should we get the same tea that we usually get ?
Good idea . Have you written down potatoes , carrots , and onions ? I don ' t have onions on my list . I ' ll add them . We should get some tea . Is green tea ok or should we get the same tea that we usually get ? Let ' s get both . We need some coffee too . Is that on your list ?
I don ' t have onions on my list . I ' ll add them . We should get some tea . Is green tea ok or should we get the same tea that we usually get ? Let ' s get both . We need some coffee too . Is that on your list ? Yes , it is . Here ' s my list . Is there anything that I ' Ve forgotten ?
Let ' s get both . We need some coffee too . Is that on your list ? Yes , it is . Here ' s my list . Is there anything that I ' Ve forgotten ? I think you ' Ve got everything . I want to got some chocolate and some cheese .
Yes , it is . Here ' s my list . Is there anything that I ' Ve forgotten ? I think you ' Ve got everything . I want to got some chocolate and some cheese . What kind of cheese do you want .
I think you ' Ve got everything . I want to got some chocolate and some cheese . What kind of cheese do you want . I ' m not sure . I ' ll decide at the cheese counter , when I can see what they have . Have we got enough money ?
What kind of cheese do you want . I ' m not sure . I ' ll decide at the cheese counter , when I can see what they have . Have we got enough money ? We don ' t have enough cash , so I ' ll take my credit card and we can pay with that . Where are the car keys ?
Nice to meet you , sir . I come from New Times Clothes Company . We learnt that your exhibits on the Trade Fair in Shanghai this month were marvelous . Would you please quote the price ? Before we discuss the price , may I ask you what kind of exhibits you are interested in ? Your summer clothes for white-collar and men's jackets .
Before we discuss the price , may I ask you what kind of exhibits you are interested in ? Your summer clothes for white-collar and men's jackets . Can you give us a rough idea of the quantity you require ? It is generally known that the price varies according to the quantity .
Your summer clothes for white-collar and men's jackets . Can you give us a rough idea of the quantity you require ? It is generally known that the price varies according to the quantity . That is to say , 10000 sets for the one of white-collar and 5000 for men's jackets .
Can you give us a rough idea of the quantity you require ? It is generally known that the price varies according to the quantity . That is to say , 10000 sets for the one of white-collar and 5000 for men's jackets . In that case , our offer for the white-collar series is US $ 200 , and the other is US $ 300 per set .
That is to say , 10000 sets for the one of white-collar and 5000 for men's jackets . In that case , our offer for the white-collar series is US $ 200 , and the other is US $ 300 per set . Do you quote CIF or FOB ?
In that case , our offer for the white-collar series is US $ 200 , and the other is US $ 300 per set . Do you quote CIF or FOB ? We usually quote on a CIF basis and a commission of five percent for you . You will find our price is most competitive .
Do you quote CIF or FOB ? We usually quote on a CIF basis and a commission of five percent for you . You will find our price is most competitive . What are your terms of payment ?
We usually quote on a CIF basis and a commission of five percent for you . You will find our price is most competitive . What are your terms of payment ? Letter of credit at sight .
What are your terms of payment ? Letter of credit at sight . Another question . Could you tell me the earliest possible time of shipment ?
Letter of credit at sight . Another question . Could you tell me the earliest possible time of shipment ? Within a month after your letter of credit reaches us .
Another question . Could you tell me the earliest possible time of shipment ? Within a month after your letter of credit reaches us . Well , I got all the point . All the decision will be made since I get the approval from my supervisor .
Let's go to the animal shelter . What do you want to do ? I want to get a puppy for my son .
What do you want to do ? I want to get a puppy for my son . That will make him so happy .
I want to get a puppy for my son . That will make him so happy . I'll get him one of those little dogs .
That will make him so happy . I'll get him one of those little dogs . One that won't grow up too big .
I'll get him one of those little dogs . One that won't grow up too big . And eat too much .
One that won't grow up too big . And eat too much . Do you know which one he would like ?
And eat too much . Do you know which one he would like ? Oh , yes , I took him there yesterday . He showed me one that he really liked .
Do you know which one he would like ? Oh , yes , I took him there yesterday . He showed me one that he really liked . I bet you had to drag him away .
Oh , yes , I took him there yesterday . He showed me one that he really liked . I bet you had to drag him away . He wanted to take it home yesterday .
Didn't you say your friend was American ? Where is she going on her honeymoon ? They're going skiing in Colorado . What a coincidence ! These pajamas would be perfect to take along on the honeymoon !
Would you mind if I ask some personal questions ? No . I don ' t . Please . Are you in robust health ?
Do you work well under pressure ? Working under pressure is exciting and challenging . I don ' t mind working under pressure . I work well under that circumstance . People can , I can . Do you have any particular conditions that you would like the company to take into consideration ?
Working under pressure is exciting and challenging . I don ' t mind working under pressure . I work well under that circumstance . People can , I can . Do you have any particular conditions that you would like the company to take into consideration ? No , nothing in particular .
Do you have any particular conditions that you would like the company to take into consideration ? No , nothing in particular . How soon can you begin working for us ?
Are you ready to order ? May I suggest a veal ? No , I'll have the fish please . The chicken is also nice .
No , I'll have the fish please . The chicken is also nice . No , I want the fish .
The chicken is also nice . No , I want the fish . Our special tonight is lobster .
No , I want the fish . Our special tonight is lobster . Thank you , but I prefer the fish .
Our special tonight is lobster . Thank you , but I prefer the fish . Perhaps you'd enjoy the lamb .
Thank you , but I prefer the fish . Perhaps you'd enjoy the lamb . No , I like the fish .
Hi ! Is that the new laptop you brought last week ? It looks very nice . Yes , it is . Thanks . I ' m just surfing on the internet . Here ? In this cafe ? How can you do that ?
Yes , it is . Thanks . I ' m just surfing on the internet . Here ? In this cafe ? How can you do that ? This cafe offers a wireless internet connection . That means I can get on the net for free while I ' m here . Of course , I have to buy a cup of coffee !
Here ? In this cafe ? How can you do that ? This cafe offers a wireless internet connection . That means I can get on the net for free while I ' m here . Of course , I have to buy a cup of coffee ! That ' s great . Can you do it anywhere ?
This cafe offers a wireless internet connection . That means I can get on the net for free while I ' m here . Of course , I have to buy a cup of coffee ! That ' s great . Can you do it anywhere ? No . you can only do it when the cafe offers a wireless connection . There are only about 10 or 12 places that offer it in this city .
That ' s great . Can you do it anywhere ? No . you can only do it when the cafe offers a wireless connection . There are only about 10 or 12 places that offer it in this city . So , what programs do you have on your laptop ?
No . you can only do it when the cafe offers a wireless connection . There are only about 10 or 12 places that offer it in this city . So , what programs do you have on your laptop ? I ' Ve got all the usual ones for word processing and then I have a few for creating and editing photographs .
So , what programs do you have on your laptop ? I ' Ve got all the usual ones for word processing and then I have a few for creating and editing photographs . I know you are keen on photography . It ' s very useful for you to be able to download photos from your digital camera . Then you attach the picture files to emails and send them to anyone , anywhere , at a
We have three dressings for salad . Which one would you like ? What kind do you have ? We have Italian , French and Thousand Island .
Hi , my name is Sovia . What ' s your name ? My name is Jeff . What do you do ?
My name is Jeff . What do you do ? I ' m a podiatrist . What about you ?
What do you do ? I ' m a podiatrist . What about you ? I ' m a nurse . What do you do in your free time ?
I ' m a podiatrist . What about you ? I ' m a nurse . What do you do in your free time ? I like to play piano , go bowling and chat with my friends . And you ?
I ' m a nurse . What do you do in your free time ? I like to play piano , go bowling and chat with my friends . And you ? I like to hang out with my friends , play games and go swimming .
I like to play piano , go bowling and chat with my friends . And you ? I like to hang out with my friends , play games and go swimming . Would you like to go out some time ?
I like to hang out with my friends , play games and go swimming . Would you like to go out some time ? Sure , that ' d be great . Where would you like to go ?
Would you like to go out some time ? Sure , that ' d be great . Where would you like to go ? Anywhere with you .
Hello . Where are you headed today ? I'm off to Barcelona for a week . Do you have your passport with you ?
I'm off to Barcelona for a week . Do you have your passport with you ? Yes , here you go . I don't need a visa to go to Spain , do I ?
Do you have your passport with you ? Yes , here you go . I don't need a visa to go to Spain , do I ? Fortunately for you , you don't . Next time , if you have any questions about visas , you should try to find out before you get to the airport .
Yes , here you go . I don't need a visa to go to Spain , do I ? Fortunately for you , you don't . Next time , if you have any questions about visas , you should try to find out before you get to the airport . That's good advice .
Fortunately for you , you don't . Next time , if you have any questions about visas , you should try to find out before you get to the airport . That's good advice . Would you like a window seat or an aisle seat ?
That's good advice . Would you like a window seat or an aisle seat ? Are there any seats available by the emergency exits ?
Would you like a window seat or an aisle seat ? Are there any seats available by the emergency exits ? Let me see here ... yes , there's one left .
Are there any seats available by the emergency exits ? Let me see here ... yes , there's one left . Ok . I'll take that one then .
Let me see here ... yes , there's one left . Ok . I'll take that one then . Alright . How many pieces of luggage are you checking in ?
Ok . I'll take that one then . Alright . How many pieces of luggage are you checking in ? I like to travel light so I just have this one .
Alright . How many pieces of luggage are you checking in ? I like to travel light so I just have this one . If that's your only piece of luggage , it is small enough to carry on with you . Would you like to do that so you don't have to wait in luggage reclaim once you arrive ?
I like to travel light so I just have this one . If that's your only piece of luggage , it is small enough to carry on with you . Would you like to do that so you don't have to wait in luggage reclaim once you arrive ? Yes , please . That's a fantastic idea . Which gate do I need to go to ?
What kind of character do you think you have ? Generally speaking , l am an open-minded person . What is your strongest trait ?
Generally speaking , l am an open-minded person . What is your strongest trait ? Cheerfulness and friendliness .
What is your strongest trait ? Cheerfulness and friendliness . How would your friends or colleagues describe you ?
Cheerfulness and friendliness . How would your friends or colleagues describe you ? They say Mr . Sun is a friendly , sensitive , caring and determined person .
How would your friends or colleagues describe you ? They say Mr . Sun is a friendly , sensitive , caring and determined person . What personality do you admire ?
They say Mr . Sun is a friendly , sensitive , caring and determined person . What personality do you admire ? I admire a person who is honest , flexible and easy-going .
What personality do you admire ? I admire a person who is honest , flexible and easy-going . How do you get along with others ?
Hey Joe , what are you doing in this department store ? Hi , Rita , I'm just looking for a pair of shoes . I won't be here for long . Why not ? When I go shoe shopping , I have so many options for sneakers that I spend awhile looking at all of the choices .
Hi , Rita , I'm just looking for a pair of shoes . I won't be here for long . Why not ? When I go shoe shopping , I have so many options for sneakers that I spend awhile looking at all of the choices . That's my problem . I don't have a lot of options .
Why not ? When I go shoe shopping , I have so many options for sneakers that I spend awhile looking at all of the choices . That's my problem . I don't have a lot of options . What do you mean ? This is a big store , isn't it ?
That's my problem . I don't have a lot of options . What do you mean ? This is a big store , isn't it ? Yes , but I have unusually big feet . That wouldn't be too much of a problem except that they're also very wide , and only a few brands sell shoes that I can fit into .
What do you mean ? This is a big store , isn't it ? Yes , but I have unusually big feet . That wouldn't be too much of a problem except that they're also very wide , and only a few brands sell shoes that I can fit into . So how do you usually go about buying shoes , then ?
Yes , but I have unusually big feet . That wouldn't be too much of a problem except that they're also very wide , and only a few brands sell shoes that I can fit into . So how do you usually go about buying shoes , then ? Well , first of all , I can only go to certain stores that can guarantee me a large selection .
So how do you usually go about buying shoes , then ? Well , first of all , I can only go to certain stores that can guarantee me a large selection . Well , you're in the right store . If they don't have it , no one will .
I have been thinking of buying a house and would like to speak with you . I have time to speak with you . Where would you like to purchase your house ? I am most interested in Pasadena or Arcadia , but would be open to other suggestions .
I have time to speak with you . Where would you like to purchase your house ? I am most interested in Pasadena or Arcadia , but would be open to other suggestions . How many bedrooms and bathrooms do you need ?
I am most interested in Pasadena or Arcadia , but would be open to other suggestions . How many bedrooms and bathrooms do you need ? We have several generations of family living in our household and so need a very large home .
How many bedrooms and bathrooms do you need ? We have several generations of family living in our household and so need a very large home . Do you need to be located in a particular school district ?
We have several generations of family living in our household and so need a very large home . Do you need to be located in a particular school district ? It doesn ' t matter , as we do not have any children .
Do you need to be located in a particular school district ? It doesn ' t matter , as we do not have any children . Is a view important to you , or would you rather be located on a lakeshore lot ?
It doesn ' t matter , as we do not have any children . Is a view important to you , or would you rather be located on a lakeshore lot ? In a perfect world , we would like a home with a view of the lake .
Welcome on board . May I see your boarding pass ? Here you are . Your seat is three , in the third row , near the window .
Here you are . Your seat is three , in the third row , near the window . Thank you . Where can I put my suitcase ?
Your seat is three , in the third row , near the window . Thank you . Where can I put my suitcase ? Either in the overhead compartment or underneath the seat .
Excuse me . This bus goes downtown , doesn't it ? Yes . Where do you want to go ? The Workers'Stadium .
Yes . Where do you want to go ? The Workers'Stadium . This is the right bus .
The Workers'Stadium . This is the right bus . Will you let me know where to get off ?
This is the right bus . Will you let me know where to get off ? Certainly . Four more stop after this . I'll call out the stops .
I ' Ve lost my purse . Oh , dear . What was in it ? All my money .
Are there any special requirements on the project ? And shall we talk around it in details ? Yes , there're some samples in our office and you can take some to study it . Besides , you see , in recent years , we've visited a diversity of factory buildings all over the world and we hope that our building is the perfect match of advanced technology and attractiveness . That's a good idea . We can improve our technology to meet your special need .
Yes , there're some samples in our office and you can take some to study it . Besides , you see , in recent years , we've visited a diversity of factory buildings all over the world and we hope that our building is the perfect match of advanced technology and attractiveness . That's a good idea . We can improve our technology to meet your special need . And please let white color dominate .
That's a good idea . We can improve our technology to meet your special need . And please let white color dominate . OK ! I've noted it down . And any others ?
And please let white color dominate . OK ! I've noted it down . And any others ? Oh ! I've almost forgot the location was transferred to the A county in the east of the city .
OK ! I've noted it down . And any others ? Oh ! I've almost forgot the location was transferred to the A county in the east of the city . I'll tell them .
Oh ! I've almost forgot the location was transferred to the A county in the east of the city . I'll tell them . Well , the most important thing is that our company demand the quality be exactly the same as the sample which you'll take from the office on the third floor .
I'll tell them . Well , the most important thing is that our company demand the quality be exactly the same as the sample which you'll take from the office on the third floor . Please feel assured that we'll abide by our promise . And we'll do everything we can to ensure delivery .
Well , the most important thing is that our company demand the quality be exactly the same as the sample which you'll take from the office on the third floor . Please feel assured that we'll abide by our promise . And we'll do everything we can to ensure delivery . Thanks a lot . And I believe I'll have a good time working with you .
Please feel assured that we'll abide by our promise . And we'll do everything we can to ensure delivery . Thanks a lot . And I believe I'll have a good time working with you . I think so . Bye !
What shall we do today ? We'd better stay in the hotel , because the tour will begin tomorrow . Let's go out for some exercise , shall we ?
We'd better stay in the hotel , because the tour will begin tomorrow . Let's go out for some exercise , shall we ? What an excellent idea !
Let's go out for some exercise , shall we ? What an excellent idea ! Shall we do some jogging ?
What an excellent idea ! Shall we do some jogging ? OK .
Shall we do some jogging ? OK . I feel well now .
OK . I feel well now . Yes , some exercise is necessary for us .
I really want to make something for dinner . What are you going to cook ? I haven't the slightest clue what I'm going to make .
What are you going to cook ? I haven't the slightest clue what I'm going to make . A teriyaki bowl sounds nice .
I haven't the slightest clue what I'm going to make . A teriyaki bowl sounds nice . I don't know how to make that .
A teriyaki bowl sounds nice . I don't know how to make that . All you need to make it is white rice and some teriyaki beef .
I don't know how to make that . All you need to make it is white rice and some teriyaki beef . That sounds fairly simple , but how do I cook it ?
All you need to make it is white rice and some teriyaki beef . That sounds fairly simple , but how do I cook it ? The first and simplest thing you have to do is make some white rice .
That sounds fairly simple , but how do I cook it ? The first and simplest thing you have to do is make some white rice . What's next ?
The first and simplest thing you have to do is make some white rice . What's next ? Then you should shred your beef and pour some teriyaki marinade over it .
What's next ? Then you should shred your beef and pour some teriyaki marinade over it . What's the next thing I need to do ?
Hi , good morning , Miss ? what can I help you with ? Good morning I'd like to mail this box of books to Taiwan . OK , please put it on this scale . Airmail or by sea ?
Good morning I'd like to mail this box of books to Taiwan . OK , please put it on this scale . Airmail or by sea ? How long does it take to reach Taiwan by sea ?
OK , please put it on this scale . Airmail or by sea ? How long does it take to reach Taiwan by sea ? Usually about two month .
How long does it take to reach Taiwan by sea ? Usually about two month . That's too long . How long does it take to reach Taiwan by airmail ?
Usually about two month . That's too long . How long does it take to reach Taiwan by airmail ? About ten days .
That's too long . How long does it take to reach Taiwan by airmail ? About ten days . Then how much is that by airmail ?
About ten days . Then how much is that by airmail ? Let me see . It ' s 57 dollars , 20 cents , including tax .
Then how much is that by airmail ? Let me see . It ' s 57 dollars , 20 cents , including tax . That's a little bit expensive .
Let me see . It ' s 57 dollars , 20 cents , including tax . That's a little bit expensive . Although it's expensive to send it by airmail , it's quicker and safer than by sea .
That's a little bit expensive . Although it's expensive to send it by airmail , it's quicker and safer than by sea . I guess I have to send it by airmail .
Although it's expensive to send it by airmail , it's quicker and safer than by sea . I guess I have to send it by airmail . Do you want to ensure the contents , Miss ?
I guess I have to send it by airmail . Do you want to ensure the contents , Miss ? Yes , please .
Do you want to ensure the contents , Miss ? Yes , please . Please fill out this form , also please write the value of the items in this space .
Sorry , I overslept . My clock didn't go off this morning . Again ? That's right , even though I did set the alarm last night .
Again ? That's right , even though I did set the alarm last night . Your clock never works . Perhaps you should buy a new one .
I can ' t believe these skirts are so cheap . I know and they are really nice , too . I ' ll have to get a couple in different colors .
I know and they are really nice , too . I ' ll have to get a couple in different colors . Me , too .
I ' ll have to get a couple in different colors . Me , too . Buy them now though , or they might not still be here tomorrow .
Dad , I ' d like to borrow some money . Sure , Johnny , how much do you need ? five bucks ? Come on , Dad , I need thirty thousand . I wanna get into the market . You know , I ' m tired of hearing all this news about the economic downturn , the inevitable recession , people stuffing their money in their mattresses . I look at this as an opportunity . This is a chance for me to get a jump start on building my nest egg .
Sure , Johnny , how much do you need ? five bucks ? Come on , Dad , I need thirty thousand . I wanna get into the market . You know , I ' m tired of hearing all this news about the economic downturn , the inevitable recession , people stuffing their money in their mattresses . I look at this as an opportunity . This is a chance for me to get a jump start on building my nest egg . I don ' t know about that . with all the uncertainty in the markets right now , it would be a very unwise decision to invest . I don ' t know if you ' re aware son , but there has been a lot of turmoil in the markets recently . There have already been half a million layoffs in the last few months , and we have no idea how the proposed stimulus package will impact the economy . There ' s just too much instability . I wouldn ' t feel comfortable investing in this climate .
Come on , Dad , I need thirty thousand . I wanna get into the market . You know , I ' m tired of hearing all this news about the economic downturn , the inevitable recession , people stuffing their money in their mattresses . I look at this as an opportunity . This is a chance for me to get a jump start on building my nest egg . I don ' t know about that . with all the uncertainty in the markets right now , it would be a very unwise decision to invest . I don ' t know if you ' re aware son , but there has been a lot of turmoil in the markets recently . There have already been half a million layoffs in the last few months , and we have no idea how the proposed stimulus package will impact the economy . There ' s just too much instability . I wouldn ' t feel comfortable investing in this climate . But look at it this way , every challenge is an opportunity . And anyway , I ' m not talking about investing in the domestic market . There are emerging markets that promise great returns . Look at China , for example . they have 1 . 4 billion people , half a billion of whom have recently entered the middle class . Here alone , the aggregate demand for consumer goods represents an amazing wealth generating opportunity .
I don ' t know about that . with all the uncertainty in the markets right now , it would be a very unwise decision to invest . I don ' t know if you ' re aware son , but there has been a lot of turmoil in the markets recently . There have already been half a million layoffs in the last few months , and we have no idea how the proposed stimulus package will impact the economy . There ' s just too much instability . I wouldn ' t feel comfortable investing in this climate . But look at it this way , every challenge is an opportunity . And anyway , I ' m not talking about investing in the domestic market . There are emerging markets that promise great returns . Look at China , for example . they have 1 . 4 billion people , half a billion of whom have recently entered the middle class . Here alone , the aggregate demand for consumer goods represents an amazing wealth generating opportunity . Come on , son , you ' re looking at this too naively , the Chinese market has exhibited a great deal of instability , and their currency has been devalued by almost a whole percentage point .
I'd like to buy some souvenirs . What do you think of the pamphlets with beautiful pictures ? That's nothing new .
How do you feel ? I'm getting sleepy . You've had so long a flight .
I'm getting sleepy . You've had so long a flight . Time difference also makes me feel weak .
You've had so long a flight . Time difference also makes me feel weak . Oh , I forgot about it .
Time difference also makes me feel weak . Oh , I forgot about it . It's four o'clock in the morning in Chicago now , but it's time to go to bed in Shanghai .
What are we eating for lunch ? I have no idea . What about you ? I kind of want pizza .
I have no idea . What about you ? I kind of want pizza . I ate pizza the other day .
I kind of want pizza . I ate pizza the other day . So , what do you feel like eating then ?
I ate pizza the other day . So , what do you feel like eating then ? How about some burgers ?
So , what do you feel like eating then ? How about some burgers ? I already had a burger yesterday .
How about some burgers ? I already had a burger yesterday . What are we going to do ?
I already had a burger yesterday . What are we going to do ? We can just each get what we want to get .
What are we going to do ? We can just each get what we want to get . That sounds like a plan .
We can just each get what we want to get . That sounds like a plan . Do you know a place that sells pizza and burgers ?
Good morning ! What can I do for you ? I'm thinking of travelling to Suzhou in July . Could you recommend some tourist programs for that ? With pleasure . We arrange two kinds of tourist programs for Suzhou , a six-day tour by train and a five-day flying journey .
I'm thinking of travelling to Suzhou in July . Could you recommend some tourist programs for that ? With pleasure . We arrange two kinds of tourist programs for Suzhou , a six-day tour by train and a five-day flying journey . How much does a six-day tour by train cost ?
With pleasure . We arrange two kinds of tourist programs for Suzhou , a six-day tour by train and a five-day flying journey . How much does a six-day tour by train cost ? Five hundred yuan .
How much does a six-day tour by train cost ? Five hundred yuan . Does that include hotels and meals ?
Five hundred yuan . Does that include hotels and meals ? Oh , yes , and admission tickets for places of interest as well .
Does that include hotels and meals ? Oh , yes , and admission tickets for places of interest as well . That sounds reasonable . What about the five-day flying journey ? How much is that ?
Oh , yes , and admission tickets for places of interest as well . That sounds reasonable . What about the five-day flying journey ? How much is that ? Eight hundred and fifty yuan .
That sounds reasonable . What about the five-day flying journey ? How much is that ? Eight hundred and fifty yuan . Covering all expenses ?
How does the political system work in your country ? We have hundreds of constituencies and the voters in each one elect a member of parliament . Most people call them mp ' s . Each mp belongs to a political party , right ?
We have hundreds of constituencies and the voters in each one elect a member of parliament . Most people call them mp ' s . Each mp belongs to a political party , right ? Almost all of them do . A few are independent . That means that they do not belong to a party . If one party more than half of the mp ' s . they form a government . That means that they choose a prime Finist
Each mp belongs to a political party , right ? Almost all of them do . A few are independent . That means that they do not belong to a party . If one party more than half of the mp ' s . they form a government . That means that they choose a prime Finist What ' s a cabinet ?
Almost all of them do . A few are independent . That means that they do not belong to a party . If one party more than half of the mp ' s . they form a government . That means that they choose a prime Finist What ' s a cabinet ? This is a small group of people-perhaps 25 mp ' s who are usually ministers . They make all the big decision and discuss laws and policy .
What ' s a cabinet ? This is a small group of people-perhaps 25 mp ' s who are usually ministers . They make all the big decision and discuss laws and policy . Can any mp make a law ?
This is a small group of people-perhaps 25 mp ' s who are usually ministers . They make all the big decision and discuss laws and policy . Can any mp make a law ? Any mp can present a law to parliament . The proposed law is debated and voted on . If it is accepted , it becomes law .
Can any mp make a law ? Any mp can present a law to parliament . The proposed law is debated and voted on . If it is accepted , it becomes law . I suppose a proposed a law needs the support of the big political parties .
Any mp can present a law to parliament . The proposed law is debated and voted on . If it is accepted , it becomes law . I suppose a proposed a law needs the support of the big political parties . Yes , it does , because they have most of the mp ' s . most mp ' s vote the way their party wants them to .
I suppose a proposed a law needs the support of the big political parties . Yes , it does , because they have most of the mp ' s . most mp ' s vote the way their party wants them to . How do people choose which party or candidate to vote for ?
What's the weather like in Britain ? It's wet and rains a lot . But right now it's the golden season to take a tour there . It is fine there almost everyday . That's great . Will I feel hot there ? I feel sensitive to heat .
Excuse me . Would you please make a suit with this material ? Sure . May I take your measurements ? Please don't make it too tight . This is for autumn wear , so make sure you allow for a cardigan underneath .
Sure . May I take your measurements ? Please don't make it too tight . This is for autumn wear , so make sure you allow for a cardigan underneath . I see , sir . Can you come back for a fitting on the 10th , that's in a week's time ?
Please don't make it too tight . This is for autumn wear , so make sure you allow for a cardigan underneath . I see , sir . Can you come back for a fitting on the 10th , that's in a week's time ? The 10th ? I'm sorry , but you see I'm going to attend an international conference on the 11th . Could you have the suit ready by the 8th , or at the latest , the 9th ?
I see , sir . Can you come back for a fitting on the 10th , that's in a week's time ? The 10th ? I'm sorry , but you see I'm going to attend an international conference on the 11th . Could you have the suit ready by the 8th , or at the latest , the 9th ? Well , a business suit usually takes ten days ' time . But in your case , we'll try to have it ready sooner . How about coming for your fitting on the 8th ? Then your suit will be ready for you on the 10th ?
I'd like to see that pen , please . You mean this one ? No , the other one in the brown case .
You mean this one ? No , the other one in the brown case . Oh , this one ... Here .
No , the other one in the brown case . Oh , this one ... Here . May I try it ?
Oh , this one ... Here . May I try it ? Sure .
May I try it ? Sure . It's very smooth . I'll take it .
Sure . It's very smooth . I'll take it . Cash or charge ?
Where can I find the produce ? Aisle A is where you'll find all the produce . What sales do they have today ?
Excuse me , could you tell me where Peking University is on this map ? Let me see . Here it is . Could you tell me how to get there ?
Let me see . Here it is . Could you tell me how to get there ? I ' m afraid I can ' t because I ' m a stranger here .
Could you tell me how to get there ? I ' m afraid I can ' t because I ' m a stranger here . Oh , thanks all the same .
Welcome to Al's Bakery . What can I get you ? Hi ! Let me get a dozen croissants , four blueberry muffins and a loaf of sourdough bread . Sure . Would you like to have the loaf sliced ?
Hi ! Let me get a dozen croissants , four blueberry muffins and a loaf of sourdough bread . Sure . Would you like to have the loaf sliced ? No , that's OK . Do you have any whole wheat bread ?
Sure . Would you like to have the loaf sliced ? No , that's OK . Do you have any whole wheat bread ? We are out at the moment . May I suggest some rye bread ?
No , that's OK . Do you have any whole wheat bread ? We are out at the moment . May I suggest some rye bread ? Sure that sounds good . Do you have any cakes ?
We are out at the moment . May I suggest some rye bread ? Sure that sounds good . Do you have any cakes ? We have various birthday cakes and also ice cream cakes .
Sure that sounds good . Do you have any cakes ? We have various birthday cakes and also ice cream cakes . I'll just take a cheesecake .
We have various birthday cakes and also ice cream cakes . I'll just take a cheesecake . Will that be all ?
I'll just take a cheesecake . Will that be all ? Yes .
Medicine Industry , this is Peter Bush speaking , can I help you ? Good afternoon , could you connect this call with Mr Brown , please May I know who's calling ?
Good afternoon , could you connect this call with Mr Brown , please May I know who's calling ? This is Li Ping of ABC computer company limited . I'm calling on our Mr Wilson the general manager of our company .
May I know who's calling ? This is Li Ping of ABC computer company limited . I'm calling on our Mr Wilson the general manager of our company . I'm sorry , Mrs Li , Mr Brown is now in a meeting . May I have your number , and ask him to call you back later ?
This is Li Ping of ABC computer company limited . I'm calling on our Mr Wilson the general manager of our company . I'm sorry , Mrs Li , Mr Brown is now in a meeting . May I have your number , and ask him to call you back later ? I'm afraid Mr Wilson would like to speak to Mr Brown right now . He ' s got an urgent matter to discuss with Mr Brown without delay .
I'm sorry , Mrs Li , Mr Brown is now in a meeting . May I have your number , and ask him to call you back later ? I'm afraid Mr Wilson would like to speak to Mr Brown right now . He ' s got an urgent matter to discuss with Mr Brown without delay . Ok , then would you please hold the line ? Mr Li , the line is through , Mr Brown is ready answering the call , go ahead .
I'm afraid Mr Wilson would like to speak to Mr Brown right now . He ' s got an urgent matter to discuss with Mr Brown without delay . Ok , then would you please hold the line ? Mr Li , the line is through , Mr Brown is ready answering the call , go ahead . Thank you for your assistance , Mr Bush .
Good afternoon , Mrs . Vale . Please sit down . Thank you . Did you work as a salesperson before , Mrs . Vale ?
Thank you . Did you work as a salesperson before , Mrs . Vale ? Only as a clerk in a store .
Did you work as a salesperson before , Mrs . Vale ? Only as a clerk in a store . I see . Well , consulting is a little different .
Only as a clerk in a store . I see . Well , consulting is a little different . I'm a quick leamer , Mr . Jenkins .
I see . Well , consulting is a little different . I'm a quick leamer , Mr . Jenkins . Umm hmm . Do you have a diver's license ?
I'm a quick leamer , Mr . Jenkins . Umm hmm . Do you have a diver's license ? Yes , and I'm a very good driver .
Umm hmm . Do you have a diver's license ? Yes , and I'm a very good driver . Fine . We provide a company car for our consultants .
Yes , and I'm a very good driver . Fine . We provide a company car for our consultants . Do I have to travel a lot ?
Fine . We provide a company car for our consultants . Do I have to travel a lot ? Oh yes-five days a week . You have to visit customers all over the territory .
Do I have to travel a lot ? Oh yes-five days a week . You have to visit customers all over the territory . But how will I get to know the products ?
Oh yes-five days a week . You have to visit customers all over the territory . But how will I get to know the products ? You'll have to attend a three-week course . If you do well , the job is yours .
But how will I get to know the products ? You'll have to attend a three-week course . If you do well , the job is yours . How much is the salary ?
You'll have to attend a three-week course . If you do well , the job is yours . How much is the salary ? Starting salary is $ 150 a week-plus commissions , of course .
How much is the salary ? Starting salary is $ 150 a week-plus commissions , of course . How much commission do your consultants get ?
Starting salary is $ 150 a week-plus commissions , of course . How much commission do your consultants get ? Five percent .
How much commission do your consultants get ? Five percent . Well , I'm very interested in the job .
Five percent . Well , I'm very interested in the job . Fine . The next course starts a week from tomorrow .
Well , I'm very interested in the job . Fine . The next course starts a week from tomorrow . Thank you .
Hi , Francis , how was your business trip ? It was a nightmare . What ' s up ?
It was a nightmare . What ' s up ? Actually , the business trip itself was very successful . We arrived on time , we had nice conversations and we settled some important issues for the next year .
What ' s up ? Actually , the business trip itself was very successful . We arrived on time , we had nice conversations and we settled some important issues for the next year . Sounds quite fruitful , why do you call it still a nightmare then ?
Actually , the business trip itself was very successful . We arrived on time , we had nice conversations and we settled some important issues for the next year . Sounds quite fruitful , why do you call it still a nightmare then ? Well , the air line lost my luggage on the return flight and then I lost my carry on bag when I was tackling with the officers in charge . I left the airport three hours later than I expected and then I was caught in a traffic jam . When I finally got home , I was totally exhausted . But I found the elevator was out of service due to a blackout .
Sounds quite fruitful , why do you call it still a nightmare then ? Well , the air line lost my luggage on the return flight and then I lost my carry on bag when I was tackling with the officers in charge . I left the airport three hours later than I expected and then I was caught in a traffic jam . When I finally got home , I was totally exhausted . But I found the elevator was out of service due to a blackout . This is really a sad story . Did they trace back your luggage ?
Well , the air line lost my luggage on the return flight and then I lost my carry on bag when I was tackling with the officers in charge . I left the airport three hours later than I expected and then I was caught in a traffic jam . When I finally got home , I was totally exhausted . But I found the elevator was out of service due to a blackout . This is really a sad story . Did they trace back your luggage ? I am still waiting for their call .
Are you ready to order , sir ? Yes , I would like a roast duck and my friend wants steaks . How do you like your steaks ?
Yes , I would like a roast duck and my friend wants steaks . How do you like your steaks ? I'd like it medium-well .
You're here to make a deposit , is that correct ? Right . I'd like to deposit 2,000 RIB into my Current Account . No problem . Could I have the cash and your Bank Book , please ? Oh dear ... there seems to be some problems here ...
Right . I'd like to deposit 2,000 RIB into my Current Account . No problem . Could I have the cash and your Bank Book , please ? Oh dear ... there seems to be some problems here ... What ? What's wrong ?
No problem . Could I have the cash and your Bank Book , please ? Oh dear ... there seems to be some problems here ... What ? What's wrong ? I'm sorry but 5 of these notes seem to be counterfeit . Look at this watermark , do you see it ?
Excuse me , sir , I'm afraid you can't park your car here . Why not ? It's my parking space . I'm afraid not , sir .
Why not ? It's my parking space . I'm afraid not , sir . Oh ? That's a surprise . Let me see ... D 0411 Our dog's birthday . Yes , I'm sure this my parking space !
I'm afraid not , sir . Oh ? That's a surprise . Let me see ... D 0411 Our dog's birthday . Yes , I'm sure this my parking space ! But I saw a red car always parking here before .
Oh ? That's a surprise . Let me see ... D 0411 Our dog's birthday . Yes , I'm sure this my parking space ! But I saw a red car always parking here before . Oh , we've just repainted our car . It was red .
But I saw a red car always parking here before . Oh , we've just repainted our car . It was red . Maybe . But the car of this space has a broken rearview mirror on the left .
Oh , we've just repainted our car . It was red . Maybe . But the car of this space has a broken rearview mirror on the left . Yeah . It used to . We got that fixed yesterday too .
Maybe . But the car of this space has a broken rearview mirror on the left . Yeah . It used to . We got that fixed yesterday too . Could you wait for a minute , sir ? I'd like to have a check .
Yeah . It used to . We got that fixed yesterday too . Could you wait for a minute , sir ? I'd like to have a check . Sure , go ahead .
Could you wait for a minute , sir ? I'd like to have a check . Sure , go ahead . Sorry , sir , my mistake . This is your parking space .
I am sorry to trouble you , but there's a lot of noise in the next room . Oh , is there ? Which room is it ? It's . I think , neighbours on the right .
Oh , is there ? Which room is it ? It's . I think , neighbours on the right . You mean the room thirteen-thirteen ?
It's . I think , neighbours on the right . You mean the room thirteen-thirteen ? I'm not sure , but I think so . I'm very exhausted , but I can't sleep .
You mean the room thirteen-thirteen ? I'm not sure , but I think so . I'm very exhausted , but I can't sleep . All right , ma'am . I'll check and tell them to be quiet .
We are redecorating and I'm going to add some things . Well , I'll be glad to help you out . We can deliver what you need to your office . Shall we meet at 1:15 this Thursday ? We definitely need some new filing cabinets and at least one desk unit .
How about your interview ? They turned me down . Why ? You are so excellent .
They turned me down . Why ? You are so excellent . I think the only reason is that I was too nervous during the interview and I couldn't express myself the way I wanted to .
Why ? You are so excellent . I think the only reason is that I was too nervous during the interview and I couldn't express myself the way I wanted to . What a shame ! You should have showed yourself to them !
I think the only reason is that I was too nervous during the interview and I couldn't express myself the way I wanted to . What a shame ! You should have showed yourself to them ! It doesn't matter . I'll try other companies .
What a shame ! You should have showed yourself to them ! It doesn't matter . I'll try other companies . I suggest you hunt for a job on the Internet .
It doesn't matter . I'll try other companies . I suggest you hunt for a job on the Internet . On the Internet ? I've never heard of it .
I suggest you hunt for a job on the Internet . On the Internet ? I've never heard of it . It's very convenient and it has become popular recently .
On the Internet ? I've never heard of it . It's very convenient and it has become popular recently . Is that safe ?
It's very convenient and it has become popular recently . Is that safe ? Of course , if you log on some standard websites .
Can you help me out , Chuck ? Sure . What's it , Yvonne ? I want to put my desk over there , but it's too heavy for me to move .
Hello . I sent out my laundry yesterday . Aren ' t they ready ? They'll be ready by this afternoon . Oh , no ! I'm leaving for Japan at 11 this morning .
They'll be ready by this afternoon . Oh , no ! I'm leaving for Japan at 11 this morning . Is that right ? We're very sorry .
Oh , no ! I'm leaving for Japan at 11 this morning . Is that right ? We're very sorry . I thought it was " the same day " service . Anyway , please do hurry .
Is that right ? We're very sorry . I thought it was " the same day " service . Anyway , please do hurry . I'm afraid we can't return it by 11 o'clock .
I thought it was " the same day " service . Anyway , please do hurry . I'm afraid we can't return it by 11 o'clock . Well , then , would you send it to Japan , please ?
Hi Bill , it ' s Jane . Jane , I ' m on the other line , can you hang on for a second ? Sure .
Good morning . Wilson Association . This is Mr Brown speaking . I'd like to speak to Mr . Thomas , please . I'm sorry , but Mr . Thomas left the office a few minutes ago .
This is Mr Brown speaking . I'd like to speak to Mr . Thomas , please . I'm sorry , but Mr . Thomas left the office a few minutes ago . That's bad ! I've been trying to call him for the last ten minutes , but your line has been busy . Will he be back soon ?
I'm sorry , but Mr . Thomas left the office a few minutes ago . That's bad ! I've been trying to call him for the last ten minutes , but your line has been busy . Will he be back soon ? I'm afraid not . He's gone for the rest of the day .
That's bad ! I've been trying to call him for the last ten minutes , but your line has been busy . Will he be back soon ? I'm afraid not . He's gone for the rest of the day . Is there anywhere I can reach him ?
I'm afraid not . He's gone for the rest of the day . Is there anywhere I can reach him ? I don't believe so . He's going out of town on business . May I take a message ?
Is there anywhere I can reach him ? I don't believe so . He's going out of town on business . May I take a message ? I have a business appointment with him for tomorrow morning at ten o'clock , but I'm afraid I can't make it .
I don't believe so . He's going out of town on business . May I take a message ? I have a business appointment with him for tomorrow morning at ten o'clock , but I'm afraid I can't make it . Would you care to make another appointment ?
I have a business appointment with him for tomorrow morning at ten o'clock , but I'm afraid I can't make it . Would you care to make another appointment ? Unfortunately , I'm leaving town rather unexpectedly , and I may be gone for several days .
Would you care to make another appointment ? Unfortunately , I'm leaving town rather unexpectedly , and I may be gone for several days . I see . I can tell Mr . Thomas that you phoned .
Unfortunately , I'm leaving town rather unexpectedly , and I may be gone for several days . I see . I can tell Mr . Thomas that you phoned . Thank you .
Bruno Bistro , how may I help you ? Yes , hello , I would like to make a reservation please . Certainly sir , For which day and time please ?
Yes , hello , I would like to make a reservation please . Certainly sir , For which day and time please ? Tonight at seven .
Certainly sir , For which day and time please ? Tonight at seven . I'm sorry sir , but we are fully booked tonight until eight .
Tonight at seven . I'm sorry sir , but we are fully booked tonight until eight . In that case , eight o'clock is fine .
I'm sorry sir , but we are fully booked tonight until eight . In that case , eight o'clock is fine . Very well , and how many people will attend tonight ?
In that case , eight o'clock is fine . Very well , and how many people will attend tonight ? Four people .
Very well , and how many people will attend tonight ? Four people . Lastly , may I please know what name I should make the reservation under ?
Mom , where are you going ? I am going to buy some food to cook for supper . Good . I wanna come with you .
I am going to buy some food to cook for supper . Good . I wanna come with you . How strange ! Our little emperor now asks to help out with shopping .
Good . I wanna come with you . How strange ! Our little emperor now asks to help out with shopping . We learnt about vegetables and meat at school . But I never see the real thing .
How strange ! Our little emperor now asks to help out with shopping . We learnt about vegetables and meat at school . But I never see the real thing . Wow , that's something new . Let's go ! What's this , honey ?
We learnt about vegetables and meat at school . But I never see the real thing . Wow , that's something new . Let's go ! What's this , honey ? Er , is it cabbage ?
Wow , that's something new . Let's go ! What's this , honey ? Er , is it cabbage ? Cabbage ? Is that what they teach at school now ? OK , honey , it's spinage .
Er , is it cabbage ? Cabbage ? Is that what they teach at school now ? OK , honey , it's spinage . Yeah , I know , this is Popeye's favorite food .
Cabbage ? Is that what they teach at school now ? OK , honey , it's spinage . Yeah , I know , this is Popeye's favorite food . There we go .
Yeah , I know , this is Popeye's favorite food . There we go . Mom , come here . I know this , it is carrot , am I right ?
Wow ! What's the hold up ? It ' s probably just people trying to get an early start out of the city for the weekend . Nobody sticks around in the summer . Really ? Then , I guess I won ' t have a hard time finding a room or getting a cab ?
It ' s probably just people trying to get an early start out of the city for the weekend . Nobody sticks around in the summer . Really ? Then , I guess I won ' t have a hard time finding a room or getting a cab ? Actually , you might because there ' s a big convention in town this weekend .
It says here that you graduated from Beijing Normal University with a major in English Language and Literature . Right . Then you may think that I am not fit for this job according to my educational background . Yes .
Right . Then you may think that I am not fit for this job according to my educational background . Yes . But I want to be a tour guide very much because I like traveling and meeting various kinds of people . So I took an evening course at the Tourism School of Beijing after graduation and I have gotten a qualification certificate .
Yes . But I want to be a tour guide very much because I like traveling and meeting various kinds of people . So I took an evening course at the Tourism School of Beijing after graduation and I have gotten a qualification certificate . So you must be an extravert ?
But I want to be a tour guide very much because I like traveling and meeting various kinds of people . So I took an evening course at the Tourism School of Beijing after graduation and I have gotten a qualification certificate . So you must be an extravert ? Yes , I always enjoy being with a group of people and chatting with them .
So you must be an extravert ? Yes , I always enjoy being with a group of people and chatting with them . What do you think are the responsibilities of a tourist guide ?
Yes , I always enjoy being with a group of people and chatting with them . What do you think are the responsibilities of a tourist guide ? A tourist guide must be responsible for arranging and coordinating tour activities , and offering service of transportation , accommodation , sightseeing , shopping and entertainment .
What do you think are the responsibilities of a tourist guide ? A tourist guide must be responsible for arranging and coordinating tour activities , and offering service of transportation , accommodation , sightseeing , shopping and entertainment . Don't you consider it a hard work ?
A tourist guide must be responsible for arranging and coordinating tour activities , and offering service of transportation , accommodation , sightseeing , shopping and entertainment . Don't you consider it a hard work ? Hard but interesting , I think .
Don't you consider it a hard work ? Hard but interesting , I think . Have you any experience as a tourist guide ?
Hard but interesting , I think . Have you any experience as a tourist guide ? Yes , I usually guided foreign tourists around Beijing when I was in University .
Have you any experience as a tourist guide ? Yes , I usually guided foreign tourists around Beijing when I was in University . Have you ever learned any other foreign languages other than English ?
I need a pan . Okay . Do you have a particular size in mind ? Well , the bigger the better , I think .
Okay . Do you have a particular size in mind ? Well , the bigger the better , I think . Look at this one . It's our biggest pan .
Well , the bigger the better , I think . Look at this one . It's our biggest pan . Yes , that is big enough , but it's too heavy for me .
Look at this one . It's our biggest pan . Yes , that is big enough , but it's too heavy for me . Okay , we have the same thing in aluminum .
Yes , that is big enough , but it's too heavy for me . Okay , we have the same thing in aluminum . Oh , this is nice and light . But it has an aluminum handle .
Okay , we have the same thing in aluminum . Oh , this is nice and light . But it has an aluminum handle . Try this one . Same aluminum pan , but with a heat-resistant bamboo handle .
Oh , this is nice and light . But it has an aluminum handle . Try this one . Same aluminum pan , but with a heat-resistant bamboo handle . Oh , yes . This is very nice . I'll take this one .
Try this one . Same aluminum pan , but with a heat-resistant bamboo handle . Oh , yes . This is very nice . I'll take this one . That's a good choice . How do you want to pay for it ?
Oh , yes . This is very nice . I'll take this one . That's a good choice . How do you want to pay for it ? Cash . Oh , I almost forgot . I need a lid , too .
Well , Randy , I'd say you've got a bad case of the flu . The main thing to do is get plenty of rest and drink lots of liquids . I'll prescribe something for that throat . Thanks , doctor . Is there anything I can take for this headache ? Some aspirin or Panadol should help . You can pick some up at the pharmacy when you go to fill your prescription .
Thanks , doctor . Is there anything I can take for this headache ? Some aspirin or Panadol should help . You can pick some up at the pharmacy when you go to fill your prescription . Okay .
Welcome to IBA Bank , how can we be of service ? I spoke to a girl named Claire on the phone ; it's about losing my card and everything . What I need you to do first is fill in these forms , with as much detail as possible . Then we can get you a new card .
I spoke to a girl named Claire on the phone ; it's about losing my card and everything . What I need you to do first is fill in these forms , with as much detail as possible . Then we can get you a new card . So , I can get my new card today ?
What I need you to do first is fill in these forms , with as much detail as possible . Then we can get you a new card . So , I can get my new card today ? I'm sorry , Sir , the full procedure can take up to 7 days to process everything .
So , I can get my new card today ? I'm sorry , Sir , the full procedure can take up to 7 days to process everything . 7 days ! What am I supposed to do for money until then ?
Excuse me , Miss . What can I do for you ? I've just heard an announcement that my flight has been delayed .
What can I do for you ? I've just heard an announcement that my flight has been delayed . What's your flight number ?
I've just heard an announcement that my flight has been delayed . What's your flight number ? Flight CA216 to Chengdu .
What's your flight number ? Flight CA216 to Chengdu . Yes , it's true . It has been delayed .
Flight CA216 to Chengdu . Yes , it's true . It has been delayed . Could you please tell me why ?
Yes , it's true . It has been delayed . Could you please tell me why ? Yes , of course . The delay is due to heavy rain .
Could you please tell me why ? Yes , of course . The delay is due to heavy rain . How long will the delay be ? Do you have any further information about it ?
Yes , of course . The delay is due to heavy rain . How long will the delay be ? Do you have any further information about it ? I am sorry , we don't know the extent of the delay at present . But according to the latest weather forecast , there will be a change in weather soon .
How long will the delay be ? Do you have any further information about it ? I am sorry , we don't know the extent of the delay at present . But according to the latest weather forecast , there will be a change in weather soon . We have to wait . Well , is it possible for the rain to stop before noon ?
I am sorry , we don't know the extent of the delay at present . But according to the latest weather forecast , there will be a change in weather soon . We have to wait . Well , is it possible for the rain to stop before noon ? It's hard to say . Weather is so changeable in the summer . Please listen to the latest announcement about your flight .
We have to wait . Well , is it possible for the rain to stop before noon ? It's hard to say . Weather is so changeable in the summer . Please listen to the latest announcement about your flight . Yes , I will . Thanks a lot . Bye !
I believe we ' Ve met before . My name's David . Yes , at your company , I think . I'm Frank . Oh , I remember now . Very nice to meet you again .
I take care of the letters . I may read , sort out and organize incoming mails . So you have to open all the envelopes . Yes , except the personal mail . And I also need to prepare the materials for posting and check the e-mail box regularly .
So you have to open all the envelopes . Yes , except the personal mail . And I also need to prepare the materials for posting and check the e-mail box regularly . Do you need to file copies of the letters before sending them ?
Yes , except the personal mail . And I also need to prepare the materials for posting and check the e-mail box regularly . Do you need to file copies of the letters before sending them ? Yes , and I check all the e-mails for Mr . Thomas .
Do you need to file copies of the letters before sending them ? Yes , and I check all the e-mails for Mr . Thomas . I take care of the letters . I may read , sort out and organize incoming mails .
Yes , and I check all the e-mails for Mr . Thomas . I take care of the letters . I may read , sort out and organize incoming mails . So you have to open all the envelopes .
I take care of the letters . I may read , sort out and organize incoming mails . So you have to open all the envelopes . Yes , except the personal mail . And I also need to prepare the materials for posting and check the e-mail box regularly .
So you have to open all the envelopes . Yes , except the personal mail . And I also need to prepare the materials for posting and check the e-mail box regularly . Do you need to file copies of the letters before sending them ?
OK , Allen . It's your turn . Are you ready ? I really would rather just listen . Isn't there anyone else who wants to sing ? Come on ! In the two hours we've been here you haven't sung even one song !
I really would rather just listen . Isn't there anyone else who wants to sing ? Come on ! In the two hours we've been here you haven't sung even one song ! I know , but ... Hey , Stanley's here ! I've been wanting to hear him sing all night .
Come on ! In the two hours we've been here you haven't sung even one song ! I know , but ... Hey , Stanley's here ! I've been wanting to hear him sing all night . Well , you asked for it . Why don't you put on an Elvis song for him . He loves " The King . "
Hello , Sir . You're here to discuss the Network Settlement Service , right ? Yes , that's right . We want as much info as possible before we agree to anything . Yes , it's important to be all clued up before you enter into any agreement . To make full use of the Network Settlement Service and take advantage of the whole banking system , we provide internal fund transfers , account inquiry , agency clearing to name but a few .
Yes , that's right . We want as much info as possible before we agree to anything . Yes , it's important to be all clued up before you enter into any agreement . To make full use of the Network Settlement Service and take advantage of the whole banking system , we provide internal fund transfers , account inquiry , agency clearing to name but a few . So , do you think our corporation will be eligible for this ?
do you like animals ? yes , doesn't everyone ? what's your favorite animal ?
yes , doesn't everyone ? what's your favorite animal ? it's hard to say . While dogs are more affectionate , cats are much easier to take care of .
what's your favorite animal ? it's hard to say . While dogs are more affectionate , cats are much easier to take care of . have you ever had a dog ?
it's hard to say . While dogs are more affectionate , cats are much easier to take care of . have you ever had a dog ? when I was little , we had a few domestic dogs at home .
have you ever had a dog ? when I was little , we had a few domestic dogs at home . they always say that dogs are a man's best friends . do you think that's true ?
when I was little , we had a few domestic dogs at home . they always say that dogs are a man's best friends . do you think that's true ? definitely . rich or poor , dogs always love their masters .
they always say that dogs are a man's best friends . do you think that's true ? definitely . rich or poor , dogs always love their masters . how about cats ? Have you ever had one for a pet ?
definitely . rich or poor , dogs always love their masters . how about cats ? Have you ever had one for a pet ? i had one a few months ago , but she ended up running away .
how about cats ? Have you ever had one for a pet ? i had one a few months ago , but she ended up running away . how did that happen ?
i had one a few months ago , but she ended up running away . how did that happen ? she left through a window that was open one night and never returned .
how did that happen ? she left through a window that was open one night and never returned . you must have been devastated !
she left through a window that was open one night and never returned . you must have been devastated ! i was pretty sad . i still hope that she'll return some day !
you must have been devastated ! i was pretty sad . i still hope that she'll return some day ! I hope she does . Do you think you'll ever get another pet ?
i was pretty sad . i still hope that she'll return some day ! I hope she does . Do you think you'll ever get another pet ? I think I will . It's difficult to feel longly when you have a pet around .
I hope she does . Do you think you'll ever get another pet ? I think I will . It's difficult to feel longly when you have a pet around . i hope your cat finds its way back home .
Jenny , don't you think it's really charming ? Yes . It's a feast of eyes to walking in the museum . Let's take our time and enjoy the art and sprite of the famous museum .
Have you decided where to go for the vacation ? I will join John in his mountaineering trip . Woo cool . Which mountain are you going to conquer ?
I will join John in his mountaineering trip . Woo cool . Which mountain are you going to conquer ? We haven't made up our minds . Will you come with us ?
Excuse me , I ' Ve been waiting my main dish for quite a time . Yes sir , just a minute , please . I ' ll check with the kitchen . Thank you for waiting . It takes another 10 to 15 minutes , I ' m afraid . I have an appointment in half an hour .
Yes sir , just a minute , please . I ' ll check with the kitchen . Thank you for waiting . It takes another 10 to 15 minutes , I ' m afraid . I have an appointment in half an hour . I see .
I have an appointment in half an hour . I see . Do you have anything else I can have instead ?
I see . Do you have anything else I can have instead ? Well sir , yes . How about this stew ? We can serve you at once .
Anything else ? Yes , one last thing . How much holiday time do you give your employees every year ? Our employees receive fifteen days of paid vacation every year . If you don ' t use the full fifteen days , they carry over to the following year .
Yes , one last thing . How much holiday time do you give your employees every year ? Our employees receive fifteen days of paid vacation every year . If you don ' t use the full fifteen days , they carry over to the following year . How about sick days ?
Our employees receive fifteen days of paid vacation every year . If you don ' t use the full fifteen days , they carry over to the following year . How about sick days ? You get five paid sick days .
How about sick days ? You get five paid sick days . Any other benefits ?
You get five paid sick days . Any other benefits ? Yes , we have an excellent retirement plan and medical insurance as well .
Any other benefits ? Yes , we have an excellent retirement plan and medical insurance as well . Great . Thanks so much for your time .
Doctor , I feel much better now . Will I be albe to go home some time this week ? That's good to hear . You've had an ideal recovery from your operation . We're going to send you home tomorrow . Do you think I can get back to work very soon ?
That's good to hear . You've had an ideal recovery from your operation . We're going to send you home tomorrow . Do you think I can get back to work very soon ? Don't be in such a hurry . I'm confident that you'll be completely recovered in 4 to 6 weeks .
Do you think I can get back to work very soon ? Don't be in such a hurry . I'm confident that you'll be completely recovered in 4 to 6 weeks . Is there anything I should do ?
Don't be in such a hurry . I'm confident that you'll be completely recovered in 4 to 6 weeks . Is there anything I should do ? You'd better have a good rest for a week . Be sure to have regular meals . Stay away from alcohol . Give up smoking at least a little while .
Is there anything I should do ? You'd better have a good rest for a week . Be sure to have regular meals . Stay away from alcohol . Give up smoking at least a little while . Should I take some medicine ?
You'd better have a good rest for a week . Be sure to have regular meals . Stay away from alcohol . Give up smoking at least a little while . Should I take some medicine ? Yes . I'm going to give you some . Take one tablet of this medicine three times a day before meals . For that one , two tablets . And remember to come to the out patient department for a consultation in two weeks , please .
Should I take some medicine ? Yes . I'm going to give you some . Take one tablet of this medicine three times a day before meals . For that one , two tablets . And remember to come to the out patient department for a consultation in two weeks , please . It's very kind of you .
What do we need to get from the supermarket ? We need lots of things . I ' ll make a list . We need a bag of sugar , a loaf of bread and a crate of beer . A crate of beer ? Why do we need that ?
We need lots of things . I ' ll make a list . We need a bag of sugar , a loaf of bread and a crate of beer . A crate of beer ? Why do we need that ? Just joking . I would like to get a few bottles of beer though . We also need a liter of cooking oil .
A crate of beer ? Why do we need that ? Just joking . I would like to get a few bottles of beer though . We also need a liter of cooking oil . we can buy a three-liter bottle . It works out cheaper per liter . We should buy a packet of butter and a few pints of milk too .
Just joking . I would like to get a few bottles of beer though . We also need a liter of cooking oil . we can buy a three-liter bottle . It works out cheaper per liter . We should buy a packet of butter and a few pints of milk too . I ' d like to get a jar of strawberry jam and a bottle of tomato ketchup . Do we need any meat ?
we can buy a three-liter bottle . It works out cheaper per liter . We should buy a packet of butter and a few pints of milk too . I ' d like to get a jar of strawberry jam and a bottle of tomato ketchup . Do we need any meat ? I think we should get half a kilo of minced beef and a few pork chops .
I ' d like to get a jar of strawberry jam and a bottle of tomato ketchup . Do we need any meat ? I think we should get half a kilo of minced beef and a few pork chops . Ok . Let ' s not forget fruit and vegetables . We need a bunch of bananas , a kilo of tomatoes and a bag of potatoes .
I think we should get half a kilo of minced beef and a few pork chops . Ok . Let ' s not forget fruit and vegetables . We need a bunch of bananas , a kilo of tomatoes and a bag of potatoes . We should also get a tube of toothpaste and a bar of soap . Let ' s get a tub of ice cream too . We can treat ourselves .
Ok . Let ' s not forget fruit and vegetables . We need a bunch of bananas , a kilo of tomatoes and a bag of potatoes . We should also get a tube of toothpaste and a bar of soap . Let ' s get a tub of ice cream too . We can treat ourselves . Ok . We should get a few tins of tuna . Anything else ?
We should also get a tube of toothpaste and a bar of soap . Let ' s get a tub of ice cream too . We can treat ourselves . Ok . We should get a few tins of tuna . Anything else ? I ' d like a few cans of coke . We also need a dozen eggs and half a dozen sausages .
Ok . We should get a few tins of tuna . Anything else ? I ' d like a few cans of coke . We also need a dozen eggs and half a dozen sausages . let ' s get a chunk of cheese too . Is that everything .
What about driving to Shanghai ? Driving ? No way , it's too far . I just thought it would be an interesting way to see lots of places . How long will it take ?
Driving ? No way , it's too far . I just thought it would be an interesting way to see lots of places . How long will it take ? Too long , and you do not have much time .
Well , I'm glad you're finally back . I was wondering what happened . I feel kind of stupid . Why ?
I feel kind of stupid . Why ? We got lost coming back . I guess I don't really know this town yet .
Why ? We got lost coming back . I guess I don't really know this town yet . You got lost . You're kidding !
We got lost coming back . I guess I don't really know this town yet . You got lost . You're kidding ! No . We took a wrong turn somewhere . And Joseph doesn't know the town at all . So I started giving him directions . But I didn't really know where we were . So we got seriously lost .
You got lost . You're kidding ! No . We took a wrong turn somewhere . And Joseph doesn't know the town at all . So I started giving him directions . But I didn't really know where we were . So we got seriously lost . You could have called .
No . We took a wrong turn somewhere . And Joseph doesn't know the town at all . So I started giving him directions . But I didn't really know where we were . So we got seriously lost . You could have called . I know I could have . But finally we asked someone where we were .
You could have called . I know I could have . But finally we asked someone where we were . You've been gone for two hours . How could you get lost for so long ?
I know I could have . But finally we asked someone where we were . You've been gone for two hours . How could you get lost for so long ? Guess where we ended up .
You've been gone for two hours . How could you get lost for so long ? Guess where we ended up . I don't know . Where ?
Guess where we ended up . I don't know . Where ? When we finally decided to ask someone , they told us we were in Grangerfield .
I don't know . Where ? When we finally decided to ask someone , they told us we were in Grangerfield . Grangerfield ! You were in Grangerfield ? That's a completely different town ! How could you drive to a completely different town ?
When we finally decided to ask someone , they told us we were in Grangerfield . Grangerfield ! You were in Grangerfield ? That's a completely different town ! How could you drive to a completely different town ? I don't know . The person we asked had to give us directions to the highway to get back here .
Grangerfield ! You were in Grangerfield ? That's a completely different town ! How could you drive to a completely different town ? I don't know . The person we asked had to give us directions to the highway to get back here . Grangerfield is like a dozen miles away from here .
I don't know . The person we asked had to give us directions to the highway to get back here . Grangerfield is like a dozen miles away from here . I know it is . I don't know how it happened .
Grangerfield is like a dozen miles away from here . I know it is . I don't know how it happened . Hmm , maybe I do .
I know it is . I don't know how it happened . Hmm , maybe I do . What ?
Hmm , maybe I do . What ? Maybe I have an idea how it happened .
What ? Maybe I have an idea how it happened . How ?
Maybe I have an idea how it happened . How ? You were too busy looking at Joseph , and you weren't paying attention to the road .
What do you think of our price ? Your price has gone up sharply , hasn't it ? Yes . We regret we cannot maintain our original price . Since the prices of the raw materials have been raised , we have to adjust the price of our products accordingly .
Your price has gone up sharply , hasn't it ? Yes . We regret we cannot maintain our original price . Since the prices of the raw materials have been raised , we have to adjust the price of our products accordingly . I agree with you there , but your price is unreasonable .
Yes . We regret we cannot maintain our original price . Since the prices of the raw materials have been raised , we have to adjust the price of our products accordingly . I agree with you there , but your price is unreasonable . I don't think so . You must compare our price with that of other export houses . I'm sure our offer is in line with the prevailing market price level .
I agree with you there , but your price is unreasonable . I don't think so . You must compare our price with that of other export houses . I'm sure our offer is in line with the prevailing market price level . I don't think we'll be able to pay the price . To have this business concluded , you need to lower your price at least by 3 % .
I don't think so . You must compare our price with that of other export houses . I'm sure our offer is in line with the prevailing market price level . I don't think we'll be able to pay the price . To have this business concluded , you need to lower your price at least by 3 % . I ' m afraid that there is no room for any reduction in price .
I don't think we'll be able to pay the price . To have this business concluded , you need to lower your price at least by 3 % . I ' m afraid that there is no room for any reduction in price . Don't you agree with me that in the long run , moderate prices will bring about large sales and more profit ?
I ' m afraid that there is no room for any reduction in price . Don't you agree with me that in the long run , moderate prices will bring about large sales and more profit ? We've already cut down our price to cost level .
Don't you agree with me that in the long run , moderate prices will bring about large sales and more profit ? We've already cut down our price to cost level . Is that all ?
We've already cut down our price to cost level . Is that all ? Yes , this is the best we can do .
Hello , this is the International Youth Hotel . How can I help you ? oh , yes . I want to check whether you still have any vacancies . I need three single rooms for next Monday . ok . There're vacancies . Since the peak season is coming , it's advisable to book soon . Would you like to make a reservation now ?
oh , yes . I want to check whether you still have any vacancies . I need three single rooms for next Monday . ok . There're vacancies . Since the peak season is coming , it's advisable to book soon . Would you like to make a reservation now ? yes , please . Do you take credit cards ?
ok . There're vacancies . Since the peak season is coming , it's advisable to book soon . Would you like to make a reservation now ? yes , please . Do you take credit cards ? yes , we accept all major credit cards .
yes , please . Do you take credit cards ? yes , we accept all major credit cards . and how about Internet access ?
yes , we accept all major credit cards . and how about Internet access ? there's free Internet access in the lobby .
and how about Internet access ? there's free Internet access in the lobby . is it available in the rooms ?
there's free Internet access in the lobby . is it available in the rooms ? Unfortunately not .
is it available in the rooms ? Unfortunately not . that's OK . Is breakfast included ?
Unfortunately not . that's OK . Is breakfast included ? yes , breakfast is included and parking is available .
that's OK . Is breakfast included ? yes , breakfast is included and parking is available . fantastic . Thank you very much .
You have the right to remain silent . Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law . You have the right to have an attorney present during questioning . If you cannot afford an attorney , one will be appointed for you . Do you understand ? Yes . What's your name ?
Yes . What's your name ? My name is James .
What's your name ? My name is James . What's your nationality ?
My name is James . What's your nationality ? American .
What's your nationality ? American . What's your relationship with the victim ?
American . What's your relationship with the victim ? I don't know him .
What's your relationship with the victim ? I don't know him . Why did you attack the victim ?
I don't know him . Why did you attack the victim ? Because he beat me first when I tried to stop him from grabbing my bag and running away .
Why did you attack the victim ? Because he beat me first when I tried to stop him from grabbing my bag and running away . How many times did you stab the victim ?
Because he beat me first when I tried to stop him from grabbing my bag and running away . How many times did you stab the victim ? I stabbed his belly three times .
How many times did you stab the victim ? I stabbed his belly three times . Did you know hat your actions might cause serous injuries or death ?
I stabbed his belly three times . Did you know hat your actions might cause serous injuries or death ? I knew , but I couldn't control myself .
Did you know hat your actions might cause serous injuries or death ? I knew , but I couldn't control myself . Was it your intention to kill the victim ?
I knew , but I couldn't control myself . Was it your intention to kill the victim ? No . I didn't kill him on purpose , madam . It's him who caused the incident . I need to see my attorney .
Ahhchooo ! You've been sneezing a lot lately . Are you sick or something ? No . Every spring time around April , I'm stricken with allergies .
You've been sneezing a lot lately . Are you sick or something ? No . Every spring time around April , I'm stricken with allergies . I never have seasonal allergies .
No . Every spring time around April , I'm stricken with allergies . I never have seasonal allergies . Consider yourself lucky .
I never have seasonal allergies . Consider yourself lucky . What are all the symptoms ?
Consider yourself lucky . What are all the symptoms ? Well , as you just saw , I sneeze a lot . Also , my nose becomes very runny , my throat sometimes itches , and my eyes start to water .
What are all the symptoms ? Well , as you just saw , I sneeze a lot . Also , my nose becomes very runny , my throat sometimes itches , and my eyes start to water . That doesn't sound good .
Well , as you just saw , I sneeze a lot . Also , my nose becomes very runny , my throat sometimes itches , and my eyes start to water . That doesn't sound good . No , it's not . So you don't have any type of allergies ?
That doesn't sound good . No , it's not . So you don't have any type of allergies ? Well , I have a severe allergic reaction to alcohol . It runs in the family .
No , it's not . So you don't have any type of allergies ? Well , I have a severe allergic reaction to alcohol . It runs in the family . Everyone to some extent is allergic to alcohol .
Well , I have a severe allergic reaction to alcohol . It runs in the family . Everyone to some extent is allergic to alcohol . I get it pretty bad . My whole face turns red , including my ears . My eyes become bloodshot , and I start to itch all over my body .
Everyone to some extent is allergic to alcohol . I get it pretty bad . My whole face turns red , including my ears . My eyes become bloodshot , and I start to itch all over my body . That's pretty bad .
Watch out ! It's dark over there . That's all right . I can manage . Be careful ! The road is muddy . You might slip .
Hello , this is ABC Corporation . May I help you ? Yes , I ' m enquiring about your advertisement for a sales manager in today ' s newspaper . Is this position still open ? Yes , but do you have any experiences as a sales manager ?
Yes , I ' m enquiring about your advertisement for a sales manager in today ' s newspaper . Is this position still open ? Yes , but do you have any experiences as a sales manager ? Yes , I have a lot of previous experiences in sales . I worked in sales departments for two companies since I finished my university .
Yes , but do you have any experiences as a sales manager ? Yes , I have a lot of previous experiences in sales . I worked in sales departments for two companies since I finished my university . That sounds fine . Please give me your name and phone numbers . I ' ll set up an appointment for an interview for you . It will most likely be in a couple of days . Is it all right for you ?
Yes , I have a lot of previous experiences in sales . I worked in sales departments for two companies since I finished my university . That sounds fine . Please give me your name and phone numbers . I ' ll set up an appointment for an interview for you . It will most likely be in a couple of days . Is it all right for you ? Yes , my name is Brian and my phone number is 5294870 .
So , Casey , how are things going with the photos for the press kit ? Yeah , I ' Ve been meaning to talk to you about that . I might need to ask for an extension on that deadline . You ' Ve had over a month to get this finalized ! Why are things delayed ?
Yeah , I ' Ve been meaning to talk to you about that . I might need to ask for an extension on that deadline . You ' Ve had over a month to get this finalized ! Why are things delayed ? Well , the thing is , we ran into a lot of problems . . .
You ' Ve had over a month to get this finalized ! Why are things delayed ? Well , the thing is , we ran into a lot of problems . . . I ' m not looking for excuses here . I just want to get this finished on time !
Well , the thing is , we ran into a lot of problems . . . I ' m not looking for excuses here . I just want to get this finished on time ! I know , and I apologize for the delay . But some things were just beyond my control . I had trouble booking the photographer , and then Michael was sick for three weeks , so I couldn ' t include him in the photos , and the design team lost all the files , so I had to re-do the pictures .
After I am accepted for unemployment benefits , what will happen next ? You will receive a Notice of Unemployment Insurance Award letter . What will that tell me ?
You will receive a Notice of Unemployment Insurance Award letter . What will that tell me ? The Award Letter will tell you how much you will receive weekly .
What will that tell me ? The Award Letter will tell you how much you will receive weekly . Are there any other forms that I need to fill out ?
The Award Letter will tell you how much you will receive weekly . Are there any other forms that I need to fill out ? You will need to fill out a Continued Claim Form every two weeks .
Are there any other forms that I need to fill out ? You will need to fill out a Continued Claim Form every two weeks . What information will I need to provide on that form ?
You will need to fill out a Continued Claim Form every two weeks . What information will I need to provide on that form ? They will need to know where you worked and how much money you made .
What information will I need to provide on that form ? They will need to know where you worked and how much money you made . Are there any other questions on the form ?
Peter , enough with your computer games . Go do your homework now . Can't I play more ? No ! Stop playing computer games !
Can't I play more ? No ! Stop playing computer games ! Mom , I'll be finished soon .
What's the side dish that you're making for dinner ? I'm not sure . I was thinking of making a vegetable . What kind of vegetable are you thinking about making ?
I'm not sure . I was thinking of making a vegetable . What kind of vegetable are you thinking about making ? Do you know what kind of vegetable you want to eat ?
What kind of vegetable are you thinking about making ? Do you know what kind of vegetable you want to eat ? Why don't you make some corn ?
Do you know what kind of vegetable you want to eat ? Why don't you make some corn ? How would you like the corn ?
Why don't you make some corn ? How would you like the corn ? I don't understand what you mean .
How would you like the corn ? I don't understand what you mean . Do you want it boiled , grilled , or microwaved ?
I don't understand what you mean . Do you want it boiled , grilled , or microwaved ? Why don't you grill it ?
Do you want it boiled , grilled , or microwaved ? Why don't you grill it ? That's how you want it ?
Why don't you grill it ? That's how you want it ? Yeah , that sounds delicious .
what shall we do after the volleyball match ? how about going to the Olympic souvenir store to have a look ? I remember there is one in the gym . that's a good idea . I was thinking of buying some gifts for my family .
how about going to the Olympic souvenir store to have a look ? I remember there is one in the gym . that's a good idea . I was thinking of buying some gifts for my family . me , too . What did you have in mind ?
that's a good idea . I was thinking of buying some gifts for my family . me , too . What did you have in mind ? I haven't decided yet , but I think the Olympic Mascots are a must .
me , too . What did you have in mind ? I haven't decided yet , but I think the Olympic Mascots are a must . I agree . They're very lovely , especially " Huan Huan " .
I haven't decided yet , but I think the Olympic Mascots are a must . I agree . They're very lovely , especially " Huan Huan " . is that the red one ? That is my favorite , too . Do you know how much they are ?
I agree . They're very lovely , especially " Huan Huan " . is that the red one ? That is my favorite , too . Do you know how much they are ? the five dolls are sold together as a set , and they're priced according to the size . The bigger they are the more expensive .
is that the red one ? That is my favorite , too . Do you know how much they are ? the five dolls are sold together as a set , and they're priced according to the size . The bigger they are the more expensive . oh , I see . If I buy more than a set , can I get any discount ?
the five dolls are sold together as a set , and they're priced according to the size . The bigger they are the more expensive . oh , I see . If I buy more than a set , can I get any discount ? I don't think so . All the souvenirs of the Olympic Games are very hot right now .
oh , I see . If I buy more than a set , can I get any discount ? I don't think so . All the souvenirs of the Olympic Games are very hot right now . any other ideas ?
I don't think so . All the souvenirs of the Olympic Games are very hot right now . any other ideas ? there are lots of things , such as postcards , key chains , posters and various arts and crafts .
Hi , I want to check out . Here is my room key . One second , sir , while I print out your receipt . Here you are . Thanks .
One second , sir , while I print out your receipt . Here you are . Thanks . May I ask , sir , if you enjoyed your stay ?
Thanks . May I ask , sir , if you enjoyed your stay ? Well , except for one night , I enjoyed the hotel . And I loved New York , of course .
Excuse me . What's the actual flight time from here to San Francisco ? It's about twelve hours . Can you tell me what time we're arriving ?
It's about twelve hours . Can you tell me what time we're arriving ? Sure . Let me see ... at 6:15 a . m . local time .
Can you tell me what time we're arriving ? Sure . Let me see ... at 6:15 a . m . local time . I see .
Could you tell me a little about the organization ? For example , how big is your workforce here ? Well in total we have around 150 employees based in Hong Kong with another 400 in our head office in Beijing . The news desk staff in Hong Kong comprises around 80 staff . I see . And how about the working hours ?
Well in total we have around 150 employees based in Hong Kong with another 400 in our head office in Beijing . The news desk staff in Hong Kong comprises around 80 staff . I see . And how about the working hours ? Well , as you know Rebecca , in journalism work hours are not exactly nine to five . You could be on call at any time . We do have to work very unsociable hours at times .
I see . And how about the working hours ? Well , as you know Rebecca , in journalism work hours are not exactly nine to five . You could be on call at any time . We do have to work very unsociable hours at times . Well I am used to that , Mr . Parsons , so that ' s not really a shock for me .
Well , as you know Rebecca , in journalism work hours are not exactly nine to five . You could be on call at any time . We do have to work very unsociable hours at times . Well I am used to that , Mr . Parsons , so that ' s not really a shock for me . Good , as long as you understand that .
Well I am used to that , Mr . Parsons , so that ' s not really a shock for me . Good , as long as you understand that . And when do you need to fill the vacancy , Mr . Parsons ?
Good , as long as you understand that . And when do you need to fill the vacancy , Mr . Parsons ? Yesterday ! But no , we are hoping to start from the beginning of next month .
Wow , this is amazing . I'm glad we've come here . So cool . I always love skiing . You know , it's a cool game for cool people . Stay with me and you will be cool , too . Hey , look over there . It seems that there is something interesting going on . Let's go and have a look .
I always love skiing . You know , it's a cool game for cool people . Stay with me and you will be cool , too . Hey , look over there . It seems that there is something interesting going on . Let's go and have a look . Sure . It's probably the skiing show . Adam told me there were many skiing clubs whose members put on shows to attract more visitors .
Hey , look over there . It seems that there is something interesting going on . Let's go and have a look . Sure . It's probably the skiing show . Adam told me there were many skiing clubs whose members put on shows to attract more visitors . See that . It's so dangerous . My mom would never allow me to do that .
Sure . It's probably the skiing show . Adam told me there were many skiing clubs whose members put on shows to attract more visitors . See that . It's so dangerous . My mom would never allow me to do that . Hey , don't be so pathetic . It's a maximal sports show . What else can they do to attract more visitors ? Stop all this fuss and enjoy the show .
See that . It's so dangerous . My mom would never allow me to do that . Hey , don't be so pathetic . It's a maximal sports show . What else can they do to attract more visitors ? Stop all this fuss and enjoy the show . You are right . But what if the avalanche happened ?
Hey , don't be so pathetic . It's a maximal sports show . What else can they do to attract more visitors ? Stop all this fuss and enjoy the show . You are right . But what if the avalanche happened ? They are all very experienced and great skiers . So I suppose the chance for them to be buried by an avalanche is slim .
You are right . But what if the avalanche happened ? They are all very experienced and great skiers . So I suppose the chance for them to be buried by an avalanche is slim . Anyway , the show is breathtaking . By the way , where did they get so much snow in here ?
They are all very experienced and great skiers . So I suppose the chance for them to be buried by an avalanche is slim . Anyway , the show is breathtaking . By the way , where did they get so much snow in here ? Don't you know that ? Are you kidding me ?
Anyway , the show is breathtaking . By the way , where did they get so much snow in here ? Don't you know that ? Are you kidding me ? Hey , not everyone is as lucky as you to have a father who is a scientist .
Don't you know that ? Are you kidding me ? Hey , not everyone is as lucky as you to have a father who is a scientist . Sorry . Well , they have the most advanced snowmaking machine .
Hey , not everyone is as lucky as you to have a father who is a scientist . Sorry . Well , they have the most advanced snowmaking machine . Do you think the snowmaking may cause pollution ?
Sorry . Well , they have the most advanced snowmaking machine . Do you think the snowmaking may cause pollution ? It's possible . But the boss here said they were doing whatever they can .
Do you think the snowmaking may cause pollution ? It's possible . But the boss here said they were doing whatever they can . It's a good thing . OK , let's go skiing .
Sandy , can you help me contact these people ? Sure , what do you want me to tell them ? Well , I need to confirm the time of their classes .
Sure , what do you want me to tell them ? Well , I need to confirm the time of their classes . Ok , where can I find their telephone number ?
Well , I need to confirm the time of their classes . Ok , where can I find their telephone number ? They are all listed here on this sheet of paper .
Ok , where can I find their telephone number ? They are all listed here on this sheet of paper . Is it their home , office or cell phone numbers ?
They are all listed here on this sheet of paper . Is it their home , office or cell phone numbers ? Unless it ' s marked differently , it ' s their home numbers .
Is it their home , office or cell phone numbers ? Unless it ' s marked differently , it ' s their home numbers . Alright . What if I can ' t get a hold of them by phone ?
Unless it ' s marked differently , it ' s their home numbers . Alright . What if I can ' t get a hold of them by phone ? Then , you should e-mail them with the information .
Alright . What if I can ' t get a hold of them by phone ? Then , you should e-mail them with the information . Where can I find their e-mail addresses ?
Then , you should e-mail them with the information . Where can I find their e-mail addresses ? They should have then listed on their resumes .
Where can I find their e-mail addresses ? They should have then listed on their resumes . And if there aren ' t any e-mail addresses ?
They should have then listed on their resumes . And if there aren ' t any e-mail addresses ? Then send them a SMS on their cell phone .
And if there aren ' t any e-mail addresses ? Then send them a SMS on their cell phone . Ok . That sounds easy enough . Have you called any of them yet ?
Then send them a SMS on their cell phone . Ok . That sounds easy enough . Have you called any of them yet ? Yes . I called the first three people on the list , but they didn ' t pick up .
Ok . That sounds easy enough . Have you called any of them yet ? Yes . I called the first three people on the list , but they didn ' t pick up . Did you leave a voice message ?
Yes . I called the first three people on the list , but they didn ' t pick up . Did you leave a voice message ? I left a voice message on one---just for the first person on the list .
Did you leave a voice message ? I left a voice message on one---just for the first person on the list . I see . What did you tell her ?
I left a voice message on one---just for the first person on the list . I see . What did you tell her ? I told her that she should call me back at my office number .
I see . What did you tell her ? I told her that she should call me back at my office number . Ok , so , maybe I should call her again .
I told her that she should call me back at my office number . Ok , so , maybe I should call her again . Yes , that sounds like a good idea . She might not get the other message in time .
Ok , so , maybe I should call her again . Yes , that sounds like a good idea . She might not get the other message in time . One more question . It looks like some of these numbers are long-distance . Do you have a calling card that I can use to get through to them ?
Yes , that sounds like a good idea . She might not get the other message in time . One more question . It looks like some of these numbers are long-distance . Do you have a calling card that I can use to get through to them ? Sure . You can use this one . The pin number is written on the back of the card .
One more question . It looks like some of these numbers are long-distance . Do you have a calling card that I can use to get through to them ? Sure . You can use this one . The pin number is written on the back of the card . Alright . Thanks a lot . Don ' t worry . I ' ll take care of it .
Sure . You can use this one . The pin number is written on the back of the card . Alright . Thanks a lot . Don ' t worry . I ' ll take care of it . Great work . I ' m off for the weekend ! See you on Monday .
What can I do for you , sir ? We'd like to order breakfast for tomorrow morning . Yes , sir . What would you like ?
We'd like to order breakfast for tomorrow morning . Yes , sir . What would you like ? Orange juice , scrambled eggs , bacon , toast and coffee .
Yes , sir . What would you like ? Orange juice , scrambled eggs , bacon , toast and coffee . OK , and when shall I bring it here ?
Orange juice , scrambled eggs , bacon , toast and coffee . OK , and when shall I bring it here ? About seven thirty . By the way , could you also bring me tomorrow's papers ?
Hello . This is John ' s Distribution . Can I help you ? Yes . I need some ice water delivered . Are you completely out ?
Yes . I need some ice water delivered . Are you completely out ? No , I have some , but not enough for the long weekend .
Are you completely out ? No , I have some , but not enough for the long weekend . Okay . I ' ll send someone to deliver it for you tomorrow .
No , I have some , but not enough for the long weekend . Okay . I ' ll send someone to deliver it for you tomorrow . Thank you .
Hello , Parker . How's everything ? Can't complain . And you ? Business is booming . I understand you want to meet up with me next week . How's your schedule look ?
Can't complain . And you ? Business is booming . I understand you want to meet up with me next week . How's your schedule look ? Let me see . I can come out and see you first thing Wednesday .
The buildings are really magnificent . Yes , millions of travelers come here every year for the view of the buildings . The journey is worth while . Where are we going after this ?
I'd like to taste some local dishes . What would you recommend ? That's fine . You must try this dish . Could you tell me how this thing is cooked ?
That's fine . You must try this dish . Could you tell me how this thing is cooked ? It's fish steamed and served with our special sauce .
Could you tell me how this thing is cooked ? It's fish steamed and served with our special sauce . Is it good ?
It's fish steamed and served with our special sauce . Is it good ? Sure . It's a most popular dish .
Is it good ? Sure . It's a most popular dish . I think I'll try it , and give me some green salad together .
Sure . It's a most popular dish . I think I'll try it , and give me some green salad together . We have two dressings for salad . Which one would you like ?
I think I'll try it , and give me some green salad together . We have two dressings for salad . Which one would you like ? What kind do you have ?
We have two dressings for salad . Which one would you like ? What kind do you have ? We have French and Thousand Island .
What would you like to eat tonight ? I'm not sure , what about you ? Do you think Kentucky fried chicken is good ?
Good afternoon , Lexington Software . Angelina Dawson , how can I help ? Hello , this is Quinn from IBA . Ah , hello Quinn . Oh dear , you are calling to tell me there is a problem , aren't you ?
Hello , this is Quinn from IBA . Ah , hello Quinn . Oh dear , you are calling to tell me there is a problem , aren't you ? I'm afraid so , yes .
Ah , hello Quinn . Oh dear , you are calling to tell me there is a problem , aren't you ? I'm afraid so , yes . Hmm ... well , it was my first attempt ! Is it a very big mistake , or can we just alter it ?
I'm afraid so , yes . Hmm ... well , it was my first attempt ! Is it a very big mistake , or can we just alter it ? Unfortunately it's rather a big mistake .
Hmm ... well , it was my first attempt ! Is it a very big mistake , or can we just alter it ? Unfortunately it's rather a big mistake . What do you recommend we do ?
Unfortunately it's rather a big mistake . What do you recommend we do ? I would recommend we scrap this one and you bring in another set as soon as possible .
What qualifications should a reporter have ? As a reporter , he must have acute insight and language skills . At the same time , he must have good judgment , the respect for his job and tactical cooperation with others . Can you work under pressure ? You know , people working here are all busy everyday since we're daily newspaper .
I need to use the ATM . What ' s stopping you ? I ' m not sure how .
What ' s stopping you ? I ' m not sure how . I don ' t understand .
I ' m not sure how . I don ' t understand . I ' Ve never used one before .
I don ' t understand . I ' Ve never used one before . I can help you figure it out .
I ' Ve never used one before . I can help you figure it out . What do I have to do ?
I can help you figure it out . What do I have to do ? Slide your card into the machine .
What do I have to do ? Slide your card into the machine . Then what ?
Slide your card into the machine . Then what ? You need to type your PIN in .
Then what ? You need to type your PIN in . What do I have to do next ?
Hello , thank you for taking the time to interview me . Hi there , I ' m Bill Gotcha , the owner of Gotcha Enterprises . Did you find your way here OK ? Your assistant gave wonderful directions .
Hi there , I ' m Bill Gotcha , the owner of Gotcha Enterprises . Did you find your way here OK ? Your assistant gave wonderful directions . Why are you switching jobs at this point in your career ?
Your assistant gave wonderful directions . Why are you switching jobs at this point in your career ? Our Company is moving overseas and I wish to stay in the United States .
Why are you switching jobs at this point in your career ? Our Company is moving overseas and I wish to stay in the United States . What are you best at ?
Our Company is moving overseas and I wish to stay in the United States . What are you best at ? I am good at organizing systems that have been having problems .
What are you best at ? I am good at organizing systems that have been having problems . What is your biggest challenge in terms of skills ?
I am good at organizing systems that have been having problems . What is your biggest challenge in terms of skills ? I don ' t like to sit around and so like to always find things to do to keep myself busy .
Mike's Mechanics . Can I help you ? Yes , how do I get to your shop from Chilin ? Go straight up Zhongshan Road and you will see our sign on your right , after you pass the museum .
Good morning , can I see your passport , please ? Here you are . For business or pleasure ?
Here you are . For business or pleasure ? Business .
Can you tell me if there is a flight to New York ? Yes . Flight DB117 departs at 5:38 pm and arrives in New York at 6:00 am with a layover in Chicago . It also makes a refueling stop at Colombia . So many stops ! Don't you have any direct flights ?
May I come in , Mr Sun ? I ' d rather you didn ' t , Miss Yang . I ' m very busy now . Can I try later then ?
I ' d rather you didn ' t , Miss Yang . I ' m very busy now . Can I try later then ? Yes , of course .
Can I try later then ? Yes , of course . Is it all right for me to come in now , Mr Sun ?
Yes , of course . Is it all right for me to come in now , Mr Sun ? Well , uh ... I ' m still pretty busy , but ... all right . Come in . What can I do for you ?
Is it all right for me to come in now , Mr Sun ? Well , uh ... I ' m still pretty busy , but ... all right . Come in . What can I do for you ? Do you mind if I sit down ?
Well , uh ... I ' m still pretty busy , but ... all right . Come in . What can I do for you ? Do you mind if I sit down ? Not at all . Take a seat . Now what can I do for you ?
Do you mind if I sit down ? Not at all . Take a seat . Now what can I do for you ? I want to leave the department . Do you think I could put info a transfer ?
Not at all . Take a seat . Now what can I do for you ? I want to leave the department . Do you think I could put info a transfer ? Yes . But why should you want to do that ?
I want to leave the department . Do you think I could put info a transfer ? Yes . But why should you want to do that ? Do you mind if I speak frankly ?
Yes . But why should you want to do that ? Do you mind if I speak frankly ? Not at all . Go ahead .
Do you mind if I speak frankly ? Not at all . Go ahead . Well . You see , I don ' t like the office . I don ' t like the staff . And I ' m afraid of you . And I don ' t want to go one . So may I put info a transfer ?
So what do you think of my new dress ? I think it ' s great ! I really like the color , and it goes really well with your eyes . I ' Ve actually been eyeing that dress at Maxine ' s for a while now , but I wasn ' t sure I could afford ninety-five dollars for a dress at the moment . Um , ninety-five dollars ?
I think it ' s great ! I really like the color , and it goes really well with your eyes . I ' Ve actually been eyeing that dress at Maxine ' s for a while now , but I wasn ' t sure I could afford ninety-five dollars for a dress at the moment . Um , ninety-five dollars ? Yes , that ' s the price they were advertising it at . I was hoping it might go on sale soon . Why , how much did you pay for it ?
Um , ninety-five dollars ? Yes , that ' s the price they were advertising it at . I was hoping it might go on sale soon . Why , how much did you pay for it ? I bought it for one hundred and forty-five dollars at Helen ' s Boutique . I didn ' t know I could get it cheaper somewhere else .
Yes , that ' s the price they were advertising it at . I was hoping it might go on sale soon . Why , how much did you pay for it ? I bought it for one hundred and forty-five dollars at Helen ' s Boutique . I didn ' t know I could get it cheaper somewhere else . Of course ! Everything at Helen ' s is overpriced , and they sell things that you can find at almost every other clothing store ! Why didn ' t you shop around ?
I want to keep a pet , but I don't know which one to buy ? Dogs are nice , but they are really energetic , and you need to make sure they get enough exercise every day . Having a dog would probably be too much work for me , then .
Dogs are nice , but they are really energetic , and you need to make sure they get enough exercise every day . Having a dog would probably be too much work for me , then . What about cats ? They are more independent .
Having a dog would probably be too much work for me , then . What about cats ? They are more independent . Actually , I was thinking of something a little more exotic . I don't want a common pet like a dog or a cat .
What about cats ? They are more independent . Actually , I was thinking of something a little more exotic . I don't want a common pet like a dog or a cat . How about a lizard ? Are lizards more along the lines of what you were thinking of getting ?
Actually , I was thinking of something a little more exotic . I don't want a common pet like a dog or a cat . How about a lizard ? Are lizards more along the lines of what you were thinking of getting ? Yeah , are they easy to look after ?
How much is it to rent an economy car ? $ 19 a day or $ 129 a week , unlimited mileage . Could I have one for tomorrow morning ?
$ 19 a day or $ 129 a week , unlimited mileage . Could I have one for tomorrow morning ? Could I see your driver's license ?
Could I have one for tomorrow morning ? Could I see your driver's license ? Sure here it is .
I am sure we will make it up as soon as possible . That's nice . We hope this matter will not affect our good relations in our future dealings .
Good afternoon . Can I help you ? I'd like to leave this bag with you . OK , sir . Is there anything valuable or breakable in it ?
I'd like to leave this bag with you . OK , sir . Is there anything valuable or breakable in it ? Well ... there is a necklace in it .
OK , sir . Is there anything valuable or breakable in it ? Well ... there is a necklace in it . Would you mind taking the necklace with you , or leaving it at the safe deposit box ?
Well ... there is a necklace in it . Would you mind taking the necklace with you , or leaving it at the safe deposit box ? Well , don't bother . I'll take it with me . Will that be all right ?
Would you mind taking the necklace with you , or leaving it at the safe deposit box ? Well , don't bother . I'll take it with me . Will that be all right ? Thank you , sir . Here is your tag . This cloakroom is open till 11:00 p . m . , could you pick it up by then ?
Hello , this is Dunlin . May I speak to Mrs Smith ? This is Mrs Smith . Can I help you ? I am calling to say thank you for the interview yesterday .
This is Mrs Smith . Can I help you ? I am calling to say thank you for the interview yesterday . You are welcome . I am very impressed by your capability .
I am calling to say thank you for the interview yesterday . You are welcome . I am very impressed by your capability . Is there anything I should do ?
You are welcome . I am very impressed by your capability . Is there anything I should do ? No , nothing . It's thoughtful of you to call me again .
Is there anything I should do ? No , nothing . It's thoughtful of you to call me again . Thank you . Please call me at any time if you have any questions .
No , nothing . It's thoughtful of you to call me again . Thank you . Please call me at any time if you have any questions . Ok , I will . Do you have any question ?
Thank you . Please call me at any time if you have any questions . Ok , I will . Do you have any question ? No , thank you . Goodbye .
Mom , what are we going to make tonight ? Curry and rice . What do you think ? That sounds nice . I can peel the potatoes first .
Curry and rice . What do you think ? That sounds nice . I can peel the potatoes first . Really ! Oh , honey , you are so sweet . I'll chop up this carrot .
That sounds nice . I can peel the potatoes first . Really ! Oh , honey , you are so sweet . I'll chop up this carrot . Mom , the water is boiling !
Hi , Jeny . Are still working ? Hi , Nacy . Come in please . I'm just putting away on my books . So , you are leaving , aren't you ?
Hi , Nacy . Come in please . I'm just putting away on my books . So , you are leaving , aren't you ? yes , I'm going to take a holiday tomorrow .
So , you are leaving , aren't you ? yes , I'm going to take a holiday tomorrow . How nice ! I can see you are busying packing . I'm sorry to interrupt you .
yes , I'm going to take a holiday tomorrow . How nice ! I can see you are busying packing . I'm sorry to interrupt you . That's all right . I'm almost finished . Do you need my help ?
How nice ! I can see you are busying packing . I'm sorry to interrupt you . That's all right . I'm almost finished . Do you need my help ? Yes , could you please go over this for me ? and see if there is any mistake in it ?
That's all right . I'm almost finished . Do you need my help ? Yes , could you please go over this for me ? and see if there is any mistake in it ? Oh . all right I'll read it soon .
Yes , could you please go over this for me ? and see if there is any mistake in it ? Oh . all right I'll read it soon . Excuse me for taking your time .
I've been so tired recently . I've been trying , but I don't think I'm up to this job . You need to take a break , maybe a vacation . Oh , yes , indeed . I've run out of steam . To be honest , I want to be in a different environment .
You need to take a break , maybe a vacation . Oh , yes , indeed . I've run out of steam . To be honest , I want to be in a different environment . Is that so ?
Oh , yes , indeed . I've run out of steam . To be honest , I want to be in a different environment . Is that so ? Yes , I don't want to be stuck in a rut . I want to move on .
Is that so ? Yes , I don't want to be stuck in a rut . I want to move on . Have you decided ?
Yes , I don't want to be stuck in a rut . I want to move on . Have you decided ? Yes . I want to get a better job .
Have you decided ? Yes . I want to get a better job . Could you tell me why you want to quit ?
Yes . I want to get a better job . Could you tell me why you want to quit ? I quit just because of the dissatisfying salary and the trouble in getting along with my colleagues .
Could you tell me why you want to quit ? I quit just because of the dissatisfying salary and the trouble in getting along with my colleagues . Oh , that's terrible . Do you want to get a higher salary in our company ?
I quit just because of the dissatisfying salary and the trouble in getting along with my colleagues . Oh , that's terrible . Do you want to get a higher salary in our company ? I'm afraid not . I've promised my girlfriend . We'll travel southwards to find a job that offers higher pay .
Oh , that's terrible . Do you want to get a higher salary in our company ? I'm afraid not . I've promised my girlfriend . We'll travel southwards to find a job that offers higher pay . OK , I'd like to say that I've really enjoyed working with you . However , I think you should work harder for your new job and then you can ask for higher pay .
I'm afraid not . I've promised my girlfriend . We'll travel southwards to find a job that offers higher pay . OK , I'd like to say that I've really enjoyed working with you . However , I think you should work harder for your new job and then you can ask for higher pay . Thank you so much for your advice .
OK , I'd like to say that I've really enjoyed working with you . However , I think you should work harder for your new job and then you can ask for higher pay . Thank you so much for your advice . And every best wish for your new job .
Good morning . Can I see Mr Jackson , please ? Well . Have you got his permission ? Yes . We have an appointment at eight o ' clock .
Well . Have you got his permission ? Yes . We have an appointment at eight o ' clock . What ' s your name , please ?
Hello , may I speak to you for a few minutes ? About what ? I want to speak to you about this year ' s election .
About what ? I want to speak to you about this year ' s election . Oh , really ?
I want to speak to you about this year ' s election . Oh , really ? Yes , I am a volunteer for the campaign .
Oh , really ? Yes , I am a volunteer for the campaign . I am very impressed .
Yes , I am a volunteer for the campaign . I am very impressed . I feel that history is about to be made , and I want to be a part of it .
I am very impressed . I feel that history is about to be made , and I want to be a part of it . That is very nice of you .
I feel that history is about to be made , and I want to be a part of it . That is very nice of you . Will you be voting ?
That is very nice of you . Will you be voting ? Yes , I am going to vote .
Will you be voting ? Yes , I am going to vote . Make sure you make it to your polling place early on Election Day .
Hello , sir . I'm ready for you . Is it my turn ? Yes , please sit on the chair . How do you want to have your hair cut ?
Is it my turn ? Yes , please sit on the chair . How do you want to have your hair cut ? Not too long . Cut a little off behind and on both sides , too .
Hi ! Do you want a fill-up ? Yes , please . Which type of gas do you want ? Regular , Super , or Premium Unleaded ?
Yes , please . Which type of gas do you want ? Regular , Super , or Premium Unleaded ? What's the price difference ?
Which type of gas do you want ? Regular , Super , or Premium Unleaded ? What's the price difference ? Regular is $ 1 . 15 , Super is $ 1 . 25 and Premium is $ 1 . 39 .
What's the price difference ? Regular is $ 1 . 15 , Super is $ 1 . 25 and Premium is $ 1 . 39 . Just fill it up with Regular , Unleaded , please .
Regular is $ 1 . 15 , Super is $ 1 . 25 and Premium is $ 1 . 39 . Just fill it up with Regular , Unleaded , please . Do you want me to check the tires and the fluids ?
Hi , can I speak with the apartment manager , please ? Hello , this is the apartment manager speaking . I'm calling about the apartment for rent on Main Street .
Hello , this is the apartment manager speaking . I'm calling about the apartment for rent on Main Street . Would you be interested in seeing the apartment ?
I'm calling about the apartment for rent on Main Street . Would you be interested in seeing the apartment ? I would love to see it .
Would you be interested in seeing the apartment ? I would love to see it . Are you free today at around 6 p . m . ?
I would love to see it . Are you free today at around 6 p . m . ? Yes , I will be able to make it then .
Are you free today at around 6 p . m . ? Yes , I will be able to make it then . Well , I'll see you at 6 p . m . Do you know how to get there ?
Yes , I will be able to make it then . Well , I'll see you at 6 p . m . Do you know how to get there ? I used to live in that area .
Well , I'll see you at 6 p . m . Do you know how to get there ? I used to live in that area . I'll give you an application form when I see you .
I used to live in that area . I'll give you an application form when I see you . That sounds good . Do I need to bring anything ?
Are you a goal-oriented person ? Yes , I am . I always make a plan before I do anything . Where do you want to be in 5 years ?
Yes , I am . I always make a plan before I do anything . Where do you want to be in 5 years ? I don't want to have a specific title . I just want to enjoy what I am doing .
Where do you want to be in 5 years ? I don't want to have a specific title . I just want to enjoy what I am doing . That sounds very reasonable .
I don't want to have a specific title . I just want to enjoy what I am doing . That sounds very reasonable . It's the most important thing to me .
That sounds very reasonable . It's the most important thing to me . If you are hired , how long do you plan to stay with us ?
It's the most important thing to me . If you are hired , how long do you plan to stay with us ? That obviously depends on how things go - - whether I'm suited to the firm and the firm to me .
If you are hired , how long do you plan to stay with us ? That obviously depends on how things go - - whether I'm suited to the firm and the firm to me . Tell me about some of your recent goals and what you do to achieve them .
That obviously depends on how things go - - whether I'm suited to the firm and the firm to me . Tell me about some of your recent goals and what you do to achieve them . I want to put my knowledge and experience to use in a challenging position . In order to achieve this goal , I just want to work step by step .
Tell me about some of your recent goals and what you do to achieve them . I want to put my knowledge and experience to use in a challenging position . In order to achieve this goal , I just want to work step by step . What is your long-range objective ?
I want to put my knowledge and experience to use in a challenging position . In order to achieve this goal , I just want to work step by step . What is your long-range objective ? I haven't thought it over at all .
What is your long-range objective ? I haven't thought it over at all . What do you think is the most important thing when looking for a job ?
Hello , how can I be of service ? Hello . I'm not sure who I need to speak to . I got this 50 yuan note today and it seems a little odd to me . The first thing we do is check the feel of the paper ;d oes it feel too thick or too thin ? Then we check the watermark . In my opinion it is counterfeit . I'll just run it through the scanner to double check .
Hello . I'm not sure who I need to speak to . I got this 50 yuan note today and it seems a little odd to me . The first thing we do is check the feel of the paper ;d oes it feel too thick or too thin ? Then we check the watermark . In my opinion it is counterfeit . I'll just run it through the scanner to double check . What happens now ?
Ah , ah , ah ... All right , Bill . Here ' s your daily exercise schedule . You are to jog before breakfast . Jog ?
All right , Bill . Here ' s your daily exercise schedule . You are to jog before breakfast . Jog ? Then , you are to walk to work .
Jog ? Then , you are to walk to work . Walk ?
Then , you are to walk to work . Walk ? Thirty minutes in gym at lunch time .
Walk ? Thirty minutes in gym at lunch time . Oh no .
Thirty minutes in gym at lunch time . Oh no . Use the stairs , never the elevator .
Oh no . Use the stairs , never the elevator . Oh , dear .
Use the stairs , never the elevator . Oh , dear . And three times a week , you can either swim , play racketball , or hand ball .
Oh , dear . And three times a week , you can either swim , play racketball , or hand ball . Oh no .
And three times a week , you can either swim , play racketball , or hand ball . Oh no . OK , you can stop now . It ' s time for the dance class .
Oh no . OK , you can stop now . It ' s time for the dance class . Dance class ! I don't know how .
OK , you can stop now . It ' s time for the dance class . Dance class ! I don't know how . You will .
Excuse me . When's the next bus ? The next bus will be here in four minutes . Oh , good . That'll be the number forty four ?
The next bus will be here in four minutes . Oh , good . That'll be the number forty four ? No , it's the number fifty-eight .
Oh , good . That'll be the number forty four ? No , it's the number fifty-eight . So when's the next forty-four ? Will it be here soon ?
No , it's the number fifty-eight . So when's the next forty-four ? Will it be here soon ? No , it won't .
So when's the next forty-four ? Will it be here soon ? No , it won't . So when will it be here then ?
No , it won't . So when will it be here then ? Never .
So when will it be here then ? Never . Never ?
I would like to buy some local handcrafts as gifts to my friends and relatives . There are many stores selling handcrafts in Paris . Our store is wellknown for vase , table wear and jewelry boxes . You can take your time and choose whatever you like . Well , the tapestry is delicate and beautiful .
There are many stores selling handcrafts in Paris . Our store is wellknown for vase , table wear and jewelry boxes . You can take your time and choose whatever you like . Well , the tapestry is delicate and beautiful . You have made an excellent choice , it is our newcomer . The tapestry is on hot sell with the design and quality . The design on it is traditional Paris architecture .
Well , the tapestry is delicate and beautiful . You have made an excellent choice , it is our newcomer . The tapestry is on hot sell with the design and quality . The design on it is traditional Paris architecture . How much is it ?
You have made an excellent choice , it is our newcomer . The tapestry is on hot sell with the design and quality . The design on it is traditional Paris architecture . How much is it ? 100 frances .
How much is it ? 100 frances . Mmm , it is reasonable . Look at this set of table wear , it is so beautiful !
100 frances . Mmm , it is reasonable . Look at this set of table wear , it is so beautiful ! We have a piece of table clothing to go with it . It is a brocade one with pretty stars .
Mmm , it is reasonable . Look at this set of table wear , it is so beautiful ! We have a piece of table clothing to go with it . It is a brocade one with pretty stars . This silver vase is a good ornament for the living room .
We have a piece of table clothing to go with it . It is a brocade one with pretty stars . This silver vase is a good ornament for the living room . You are right .
This silver vase is a good ornament for the living room . You are right . I will take the tapestry , the set of table wear and the vase .
You are right . I will take the tapestry , the set of table wear and the vase . OK . Do you like these candles ? They are on sale now .
I hope you can help . I've got a bit of a problem with your ATM . Of course , that's my job . Oh , dear . What's happened ? Well , it's eaten my card ! It won't give it back !
Of course , that's my job . Oh , dear . What's happened ? Well , it's eaten my card ! It won't give it back ! I see ... calm down , don't worry . May I ask what were you doing when it took your card ?
Well , it's eaten my card ! It won't give it back ! I see ... calm down , don't worry . May I ask what were you doing when it took your card ? Yes . I was only entering my PIN . I'm terrible at remembering it , I'm so forgetful , you see .
I see ... calm down , don't worry . May I ask what were you doing when it took your card ? Yes . I was only entering my PIN . I'm terrible at remembering it , I'm so forgetful , you see . Mmmm ... and exactly how many times did you enter it , please ?
Yes . I was only entering my PIN . I'm terrible at remembering it , I'm so forgetful , you see . Mmmm ... and exactly how many times did you enter it , please ? Maybe three times . As I said , I always forget it .
Mmmm ... and exactly how many times did you enter it , please ? Maybe three times . As I said , I always forget it . Ah ! Don't worry ; it's just a security measure . If someone uses a card and cannot get the right PIN after three attempts , the bank keeps the card in case it's stolen . Just contact the bank and we'll get it back to you .
Maybe three times . As I said , I always forget it . Ah ! Don't worry ; it's just a security measure . If someone uses a card and cannot get the right PIN after three attempts , the bank keeps the card in case it's stolen . Just contact the bank and we'll get it back to you . Oh , I see . So if I call my branch they can sort everything out for me ?
Ah ! Don't worry ; it's just a security measure . If someone uses a card and cannot get the right PIN after three attempts , the bank keeps the card in case it's stolen . Just contact the bank and we'll get it back to you . Oh , I see . So if I call my branch they can sort everything out for me ? Yes , they'll be happy to help . Believe me , it happens to many people .
Mike , you're seventeen years old , right ? Yeah , Why ? You look quite mature beside your cousin who is eighteen .
Francis , you have done an outstanding work in the past six months . In view of your achievement , I trust you ' re now indispensable part of our company and you deserve an officer director title . I am so happy to know that I could make some contribution to our company . This title does not only give you a raising pay-check , but also increase responsibilities . Congratulations , and hope the best for you .
Hey , Jim , you're 15 minutes late . What's up ? I got stuck in a traffic jam . Hurry up , the show is about to start .
I got stuck in a traffic jam . Hurry up , the show is about to start . It looks like you're very interested in the circus .
Hurry up , the show is about to start . It looks like you're very interested in the circus . Yes , I love to see the animal show .
It looks like you're very interested in the circus . Yes , I love to see the animal show . I have never seen those before , but since you're so excited it should be good .
Yes , I love to see the animal show . I have never seen those before , but since you're so excited it should be good . I'm sure you'll love it .
Is the factory fully-automated ? Not completely . Our production process is partially-automated . We use robots on the production line for routine assembly jobs but some of the work is still done manually . What about supply of parts to the production line ?
Not completely . Our production process is partially-automated . We use robots on the production line for routine assembly jobs but some of the work is still done manually . What about supply of parts to the production line ? Well , the parts are automatically selected from the store room using a bar-code system . And there is an automatic feeder which takes them to the conveyor belt at the start of the production line .
What about supply of parts to the production line ? Well , the parts are automatically selected from the store room using a bar-code system . And there is an automatic feeder which takes them to the conveyor belt at the start of the production line . What about the smaller components ?
How much does it cost for a bus pass ? It'll be $ 65 for a monthly pass . Is there anything cheaper than that ?
It'll be $ 65 for a monthly pass . Is there anything cheaper than that ? If you're in school , you can get a student pass .
Is there anything cheaper than that ? If you're in school , you can get a student pass . Well , I am how much will that cost ?
If you're in school , you can get a student pass . Well , I am how much will that cost ? The pass is free .
Well , I am how much will that cost ? The pass is free . I don't have to pay for anything ?
The pass is free . I don't have to pay for anything ? You'll only have to pay for the monthly sticker .
I don't have to pay for anything ? You'll only have to pay for the monthly sticker . How much is the monthly sticker ?
You'll only have to pay for the monthly sticker . How much is the monthly sticker ? It's $ 24 for each month .
How much is the monthly sticker ? It's $ 24 for each month . I'll take the student bus pass .
How come it is slow as a snail today ? You mean the network connection ? Yes , I wanted to look for some information on the company page just now . It took me almost one minute to open it . Then there is no response for any click .
You mean the network connection ? Yes , I wanted to look for some information on the company page just now . It took me almost one minute to open it . Then there is no response for any click . I have the same question . I can ' t send out mails . We ' d better call the IT department and ask them to check it immediately .
OK , let's find somebody then . Good . I'll take care of it . Wait a second , Vince . You know what ? Why don't you let me handle it ?
Good . I'll take care of it . Wait a second , Vince . You know what ? Why don't you let me handle it ? Are you sure ? Do you have somebody in mind ?
Wait a second , Vince . You know what ? Why don't you let me handle it ? Are you sure ? Do you have somebody in mind ? Yeah . Let me see if he'll do it , and I'll get back to you .
Are you sure ? Do you have somebody in mind ? Yeah . Let me see if he'll do it , and I'll get back to you . OK . Just keep in mind it has to be somebody who can get along with Elvin .
We need a person who knows how to operate and repair all kinds of office appliances . I used to hold a similar job for six years . So you're quite confident in your experience and skill
Are you planning on voting ? Yes . Are you ? I will be voting tomorrow .
Yes . Are you ? I will be voting tomorrow . What ' s your polling place ?
I will be voting tomorrow . What ' s your polling place ? My polling place is at the park up the street .
What ' s your polling place ? My polling place is at the park up the street . Oh , yeah ?
My polling place is at the park up the street . Oh , yeah ? Yeah , where is yours ?
Oh , yeah ? Yeah , where is yours ? I don ' t know .
Yeah , where is yours ? I don ' t know . How is it you don ' t know ?
I don ' t know . How is it you don ' t know ? The location of my polling place never came in the mail .
How is it you don ' t know ? The location of my polling place never came in the mail . You can always just check online .
I have a reservation for a single with bath . We are sorry , but single rooms have been occupied . What's the room rate ? It is a little expensive for me , do you have any other rooms ?
We are sorry , but single rooms have been occupied . What's the room rate ? It is a little expensive for me , do you have any other rooms ? Then how about this room , with just shower ?
What's the room rate ? It is a little expensive for me , do you have any other rooms ? Then how about this room , with just shower ? May I see the room ? I ' ll take this room . Is the rate for the room only ?
I'm broke , and I have to catch another bus . Why don't you have any money for another bus ? I got hungry and bought some chips .
Why don't you have any money for another bus ? I got hungry and bought some chips . That was smart .
I got hungry and bought some chips . That was smart . Anyway , do you have any change I can use for the bus ?
That was smart . Anyway , do you have any change I can use for the bus ? I don't have any .
Anyway , do you have any change I can use for the bus ? I don't have any . I don't know how I'm going to get home .
I don't have any . I don't know how I'm going to get home . Get a transfer from the bus driver .
I don't know how I'm going to get home . Get a transfer from the bus driver . How much is a transfer ?
Get a transfer from the bus driver . How much is a transfer ? It doesn't cost anything .
How much is a transfer ? It doesn't cost anything . That's great ! Thanks for your help .
Are you going home now ? No , I'm not . What are you going to do ? Are you going to work late ?
No , I'm not . What are you going to do ? Are you going to work late ? No , I'm not . I'm going to look for an apartment .
What are you going to do ? Are you going to work late ? No , I'm not . I'm going to look for an apartment . An apartment ? Why ?
No , I'm not . I'm going to look for an apartment . An apartment ? Why ? I'm going to try to find a place near the office .
An apartment ? Why ? I'm going to try to find a place near the office . Where are you living now ?
I'm going to try to find a place near the office . Where are you living now ? Out in the suburbs . It's a long trip to work every day .
Where are you living now ? Out in the suburbs . It's a long trip to work every day . How are you going to find an apartment ?
Out in the suburbs . It's a long trip to work every day . How are you going to find an apartment ? I'm going to buy a newspaper and check the classified ads .
How are you going to find an apartment ? I'm going to buy a newspaper and check the classified ads . Apartments in the city are expensive .
I like these shoes . Do you realize that all these shoes are half off ? Really ?
Excuse me , can I have an earphone please ? Sure , but you have to pay $ 3 for it . OK . Here you are .
Sure , but you have to pay $ 3 for it . OK . Here you are . Well , ou can't hear music until takeoff .
Good afternoon . This is Michelle Li speaking , calling on behalf of IBA . Is Mr Meng available at all ? This is Mr Meng speaking , Michelle . Oh , hello ! Sorry about that . I'm just calling to say that we've received your new Corporate Credit Card from HQ .
This is Mr Meng speaking , Michelle . Oh , hello ! Sorry about that . I'm just calling to say that we've received your new Corporate Credit Card from HQ . That was quick ! I wasn't expecting it until later this week .
Oh , hello ! Sorry about that . I'm just calling to say that we've received your new Corporate Credit Card from HQ . That was quick ! I wasn't expecting it until later this week . Yes , our application procedures have speeded up since we started using the new fast-track system .
That was quick ! I wasn't expecting it until later this week . Yes , our application procedures have speeded up since we started using the new fast-track system . Shall I come in and collect it ?
Yes , our application procedures have speeded up since we started using the new fast-track system . Shall I come in and collect it ? Or we can send it to you . But if you would like to use it at the ATM , you'll need to wait for your PIN number .
Shall I come in and collect it ? Or we can send it to you . But if you would like to use it at the ATM , you'll need to wait for your PIN number . Mmmm ... if I come in and collect it this afternoon , is there any way I could use it today ? Petty cash is getting low , so I need to draw some money .
Or we can send it to you . But if you would like to use it at the ATM , you'll need to wait for your PIN number . Mmmm ... if I come in and collect it this afternoon , is there any way I could use it today ? Petty cash is getting low , so I need to draw some money . As long as you bring your ID , etc , we can serve you over the counter . But you won't be able to use the ATM until your new PIN number arrives .
I ' Ve come to hear about your offer for bristles . We have the offer ready for you . Let me see ... here it is . 100 cases Houston Bristles , 57 mm , at 10 pounds sterling per kilogram , C . I . F European Main Ports , for shipment in June 2001 . The offer is valid for five days . Why , your price has soared . It ' s almost 25 % higher than last year ' s . It would be impossible for us to push any sales at such a price .
We have the offer ready for you . Let me see ... here it is . 100 cases Houston Bristles , 57 mm , at 10 pounds sterling per kilogram , C . I . F European Main Ports , for shipment in June 2001 . The offer is valid for five days . Why , your price has soared . It ' s almost 25 % higher than last year ' s . It would be impossible for us to push any sales at such a price . I ' m a little surprised to hear you say that . You know very well that markets for bristles have gone up a great deal in recent months . The price we offer compares favorably with quotations you can get elsewhere .
Why , your price has soared . It ' s almost 25 % higher than last year ' s . It would be impossible for us to push any sales at such a price . I ' m a little surprised to hear you say that . You know very well that markets for bristles have gone up a great deal in recent months . The price we offer compares favorably with quotations you can get elsewhere . I ' m afraid I can ' t agree with you there . I must point out your price is higher than some of the quotations we ' Ve received from other sources .
I ' m a little surprised to hear you say that . You know very well that markets for bristles have gone up a great deal in recent months . The price we offer compares favorably with quotations you can get elsewhere . I ' m afraid I can ' t agree with you there . I must point out your price is higher than some of the quotations we ' Ve received from other sources . But you must take the quality into consideration . Everyone in the trade knows that US ' s bristles are of superior quality to those from other countries .
I ' m afraid I can ' t agree with you there . I must point out your price is higher than some of the quotations we ' Ve received from other sources . But you must take the quality into consideration . Everyone in the trade knows that US ' s bristles are of superior quality to those from other countries . I agree that yours are of better quality . But there ' s competition from synthetic products , too . You can ' t very well ignore that . Prices for synthetic bristles haven ' t changed much over the years .
But you must take the quality into consideration . Everyone in the trade knows that US ' s bristles are of superior quality to those from other countries . I agree that yours are of better quality . But there ' s competition from synthetic products , too . You can ' t very well ignore that . Prices for synthetic bristles haven ' t changed much over the years . There ' s practically no substitute for bristles for certain uses . That ' s why demand for natural bristles keeps rising in spite of cheaper synthetic ones . To be frank with you , if it were not for the long - standing relationship between us , we would hardly be willing to make you a firm offer at this price .
It was nice talking to you . Why are you trying to rush me off the phone ? I really have to go .
Why are you trying to rush me off the phone ? I really have to go . Why ? I still wanted to talk to you .
I really have to go . Why ? I still wanted to talk to you . I have things to do .
Why ? I still wanted to talk to you . I have things to do . Like what ?
I have things to do . Like what ? Don't be nosey .
Like what ? Don't be nosey . I'm not . I just want to know .
Don't be nosey . I'm not . I just want to know . Well , it's really none of your business .
I'm not . I just want to know . Well , it's really none of your business . That's harsh .
Well , it's really none of your business . That's harsh . I'm sorry , but I have to go .
Good afternoon . My goodness ! It ' s the afternoon ? Doesn ' t the time fly ! Do come in and sit down . Thank you .
My goodness ! It ' s the afternoon ? Doesn ' t the time fly ! Do come in and sit down . Thank you . What ' s the time ? My watch has stopped .
Thank you . What ' s the time ? My watch has stopped . It ' s half past twelve .
What ' s the time ? My watch has stopped . It ' s half past twelve . When do you have lunch ?
It ' s half past twelve . When do you have lunch ? From one to two .
When do you have lunch ? From one to two . What do you normally eat ?
From one to two . What do you normally eat ? We usually go to the cafeteria .
What do you normally eat ? We usually go to the cafeteria . Oh , it ' s time to have lunch now .
Good morning everyone . Thank you for attending the meeting today . I'm sure you all have a copy of the agenda . So let's get started with the first issue . We're here today to present to you the results of our marketing research regarding the consumer behavior . I would like to begin by introducing our foreign guests to our stuff on your left ( right ) , we have Mr . Brown , who is Vice President of Sales . Next to him is Ms . Arts , Director of Marketing for the Atlas Company . In the back row is Dr . Barolo , who is visiting from Italy . Thank you all for coming .
I am sorry , but I cannot stay for the rest of class today . Why do you need to leave early ? I don ' t feel so good .
Why do you need to leave early ? I don ' t feel so good . What doesn ' t feel right ?
I don ' t feel so good . What doesn ' t feel right ? I feel as if I am going to be sick to my stomach .
What doesn ' t feel right ? I feel as if I am going to be sick to my stomach . Perhaps you should get checked out at the Student Health Center before you go home .
I feel as if I am going to be sick to my stomach . Perhaps you should get checked out at the Student Health Center before you go home . I have some medicine at home that I could take .
Perhaps you should get checked out at the Student Health Center before you go home . I have some medicine at home that I could take . Are you going to be OK to drive home , or would you like someone to go with you ?
I have some medicine at home that I could take . Are you going to be OK to drive home , or would you like someone to go with you ? Thank you , but my friend is in the library , and he can give me a ride home .
I would like to take a trip to the beach this weekend . A trip to the beach would be fun . How is the weather going to be ? The forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend .
A trip to the beach would be fun . How is the weather going to be ? The forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend . So do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach ?
The forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend . So do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach ? It sounds like it will be .
So do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach ? It sounds like it will be . I really hope it doesn't get cold .
It sounds like it will be . I really hope it doesn't get cold . That would ruin things , I want to go so badly .
I really hope it doesn't get cold . That would ruin things , I want to go so badly . The weather in California is unpredictable , so you never know .
That would ruin things , I want to go so badly . The weather in California is unpredictable , so you never know . That is true . The weather is constantly changing .
The weather in California is unpredictable , so you never know . That is true . The weather is constantly changing . It would be nice if the weather would never change .
That is true . The weather is constantly changing . It would be nice if the weather would never change . That would be great , then we could plan things sooner .
Do you believe in god ? Not at all . I ' m an agnostic . do you ? I ' m not sure . Why don ' t you believe there is a god ?
Not at all . I ' m an agnostic . do you ? I ' m not sure . Why don ' t you believe there is a god ? I think everything has a scientific explanation rather than a theological one .
I ' m not sure . Why don ' t you believe there is a god ? I think everything has a scientific explanation rather than a theological one . I basically believe in science over theology . I mean , I believe in evolution for example . However , there are many things that science hasn ' t explained yet .
I think everything has a scientific explanation rather than a theological one . I basically believe in science over theology . I mean , I believe in evolution for example . However , there are many things that science hasn ' t explained yet . I ' m sure that science will explain everything eventually . I think that the strangest thing about religion is that so many religions people act in ways that their religion claims are wrong .
I basically believe in science over theology . I mean , I believe in evolution for example . However , there are many things that science hasn ' t explained yet . I ' m sure that science will explain everything eventually . I think that the strangest thing about religion is that so many religions people act in ways that their religion claims are wrong . For example ?
I ' m sure that science will explain everything eventually . I think that the strangest thing about religion is that so many religions people act in ways that their religion claims are wrong . For example ? Religions preach tolerance , but many wars are caused by intolerant religious fanatics .
Welcome to IBA . Can I help you ? Yes , please . I'm here for an International Settlement . Our company has to effect payment , and it needs to be done today . Here's the advice slip for the payment . Thanks . I'm sorry to say that you need to get this stamped . There is no stamp on this slip and it is essential before I can process it for you .
Yes , please . I'm here for an International Settlement . Our company has to effect payment , and it needs to be done today . Here's the advice slip for the payment . Thanks . I'm sorry to say that you need to get this stamped . There is no stamp on this slip and it is essential before I can process it for you . I see . So , I need to stamp it . And sign it too ?
Thanks . I'm sorry to say that you need to get this stamped . There is no stamp on this slip and it is essential before I can process it for you . I see . So , I need to stamp it . And sign it too ? Yes , that's right . Down here , at the bottom right hand corner to show that you agree to pay the printed amount .
I'm in 507 . I have a few problems with my room . What is that problem , sir ? There are cockroaches in my room .
What is that problem , sir ? There are cockroaches in my room . Are you sure , sir ? Flies I could believe , but cockroaches ?
There are cockroaches in my room . Are you sure , sir ? Flies I could believe , but cockroaches ? I've counted nine different cockroaches , and I accidentally stepped on another one .
Are you sure , sir ? Flies I could believe , but cockroaches ? I've counted nine different cockroaches , and I accidentally stepped on another one . Sir , we run a spotless and cockroach-less hotel .
I've counted nine different cockroaches , and I accidentally stepped on another one . Sir , we run a spotless and cockroach-less hotel . You dare to doubt me ?
Daddy , are you going to the park with us this weekend ? Honey , I have a lot of work to do . So you can't go with us , right ?
Honey , I have a lot of work to do . So you can't go with us , right ? No .
So you can't go with us , right ? No . Daddy , you always arrange your schedule so tight on weekdays . You should have a rest on weekends .
No . Daddy , you always arrange your schedule so tight on weekdays . You should have a rest on weekends . What park do you want to go to ?
Daddy , you always arrange your schedule so tight on weekdays . You should have a rest on weekends . What park do you want to go to ? Daniel wants to go to the aquarium . While Mom wants to visit the Summer Palace .
What park do you want to go to ? Daniel wants to go to the aquarium . While Mom wants to visit the Summer Palace . Haven't we been these places already ?
Daniel wants to go to the aquarium . While Mom wants to visit the Summer Palace . Haven't we been these places already ? Yeah . I don't agree with them , but I don't have a better choice .
Haven't we been these places already ? Yeah . I don't agree with them , but I don't have a better choice . What about the Olympic park ?
Yeah . I don't agree with them , but I don't have a better choice . What about the Olympic park ? Right , ah . It is so close to our home . How come we've never thought of that ?
What about the Olympic park ? Right , ah . It is so close to our home . How come we've never thought of that ? The Olympic Park has a small forest . It is fit for picnic .
Excuse me . Can I open a postal savings account in your office ? Of course . What kind of postal savings account do you want to open ? Hum .. Can you recommend me one with high interest ?
Of course . What kind of postal savings account do you want to open ? Hum .. Can you recommend me one with high interest ? OK . We offer a few different kinds of postal saving services . They have different interest rates .
Hum .. Can you recommend me one with high interest ? OK . We offer a few different kinds of postal saving services . They have different interest rates . I want the one with the highest interest rate .
OK . We offer a few different kinds of postal saving services . They have different interest rates . I want the one with the highest interest rate . That would be our Savers Plus account . You must pay 10 000 yuan into your deposit account . In this way you can get 5 % dividend at the end of the year .
I want the one with the highest interest rate . That would be our Savers Plus account . You must pay 10 000 yuan into your deposit account . In this way you can get 5 % dividend at the end of the year . All right . I'II open this one .
That would be our Savers Plus account . You must pay 10 000 yuan into your deposit account . In this way you can get 5 % dividend at the end of the year . All right . I'II open this one . Just fill out these forms , and I ' ll be with you in one second .
Thank you for organizing this great baby shower for me ! I ' Ve always been to baby showers but never actually had one held for me ! Let ' s get started ! Ok , let ' s start opening some presents ! Oh look ! What a great little bib for the baby ! This will definitely come in handy ! Oh wow , you also got me a stroller ! That ' s so great ! Thank you !
Ok , let ' s start opening some presents ! Oh look ! What a great little bib for the baby ! This will definitely come in handy ! Oh wow , you also got me a stroller ! That ' s so great ! Thank you ! This next one is from Betty .
Oh look ! What a great little bib for the baby ! This will definitely come in handy ! Oh wow , you also got me a stroller ! That ' s so great ! Thank you ! This next one is from Betty . A highchair and car seat ! Wow Betty , thank you so much ! I really appreciate it !
This next one is from Betty . A highchair and car seat ! Wow Betty , thank you so much ! I really appreciate it ! One more from Carla .
A highchair and car seat ! Wow Betty , thank you so much ! I really appreciate it ! One more from Carla . A playpen and crib ! Thanks Carla ! This is just what I needed !
One more from Carla . A playpen and crib ! Thanks Carla ! This is just what I needed ! OK , that ' s all of them . No more gifts . Now who wants to guess when the baby is due ?
Ahhs ! I'm beat ! What happened to you ? You look like you got hit by a tornado ! I just got back from fighting the crowds .
What happened to you ? You look like you got hit by a tornado ! I just got back from fighting the crowds . You mean at the mall ? Was there a sale ?
I just got back from fighting the crowds . You mean at the mall ? Was there a sale ? Yeah . For five minutes , everything was half off . It was total chaos ...
You mean at the mall ? Was there a sale ? Yeah . For five minutes , everything was half off . It was total chaos ... Cool !
Hi , I am afraid that the fax machine in my room won ' t be working till tomorrow . A technician has just come and checked it . He will bring me a new one tomorrow . It seems there is a big problem with mine and it will take some days for repairing . Can I use the one in your office ? Of course you can . I am sure this one works very well . I just sent dozens of pages . How many pages are you sending ? Are you familiar with my fax machine ? Yes , I think you have the same model as I have . Does your fax machine print out immediately a transmission protocol ?
I'm calling about our appointment . I can't call on you this evening . My wife is terribly ill . Sorry to hear that . How about next week ?
I like to open up a savings account please . O . K . We offer a few different kinds . I want the one with the highest interest rate .
O . K . We offer a few different kinds . I want the one with the highest interest rate . That would be our Saver's Plus account .
I want the one with the highest interest rate . That would be our Saver's Plus account . 4 . 5 % , that's good . How much money do I have to keep in it to get that rate ?
That would be our Saver's Plus account . 4 . 5 % , that's good . How much money do I have to keep in it to get that rate ? You have to maintain a balance of $ 10,000 in the account or the rate drops to 3 % .
4 . 5 % , that's good . How much money do I have to keep in it to get that rate ? You have to maintain a balance of $ 10,000 in the account or the rate drops to 3 % . All right . I ' ll open one of those .
You have to maintain a balance of $ 10,000 in the account or the rate drops to 3 % . All right . I ' ll open one of those . Just fill out these forms , and I ' ll be with you in one second .
That China-gown of Tang-Dynasty style is so beautiful . Would you show it to me , please ? Absolutely . Here it is . Could I try it on ?
Absolutely . Here it is . Could I try it on ? Please do , the fitting-room is over there .
Could I try it on ? Please do , the fitting-room is over there . It feels a little tight around the waist . Do you have a bigger one ?
Please do , the fitting-room is over there . It feels a little tight around the waist . Do you have a bigger one ? I'm sorry . We don't have this color in your size . We have some green ones in your size . Would you please have a look at this green one ?
It feels a little tight around the waist . Do you have a bigger one ? I'm sorry . We don't have this color in your size . We have some green ones in your size . Would you please have a look at this green one ? OK . How much does it cost ?
Hello , could I speak to Allison , please ? I'm sorry , he's out at the moment . When do you expect him back ?
I'm sorry , he's out at the moment . When do you expect him back ? I think he'll be back in about an hour at least .
When do you expect him back ? I think he'll be back in about an hour at least . Well , may I leave a message ?
I think he'll be back in about an hour at least . Well , may I leave a message ? Yes , of course .
Well , may I leave a message ? Yes , of course . Would you please ask him to call Chris when he gets back ?
Yes , of course . Would you please ask him to call Chris when he gets back ? Ok . Does he know your number ?
Would you please ask him to call Chris when he gets back ? Ok . Does he know your number ? I'm afraid he doesn't . My mobile is 139- 2477 - 4026 .
Come in , Arnold . Have a seat . Good morning . Would you like something to drink ?
Good morning . Would you like something to drink ? No , thank you . I just had two cups of coffee at my desk .
Would you like something to drink ? No , thank you . I just had two cups of coffee at my desk . So , you're a serious coffee drinker .
No , thank you . I just had two cups of coffee at my desk . So , you're a serious coffee drinker . Yes , it keeps me going . Sometimes I think I'm addicted .
So , you're a serious coffee drinker . Yes , it keeps me going . Sometimes I think I'm addicted . Well , coffee isn't such a bad thing . Everyone has to have something . For me , it's cigars . Are you a cigar smoker ?
Yes , it keeps me going . Sometimes I think I'm addicted . Well , coffee isn't such a bad thing . Everyone has to have something . For me , it's cigars . Are you a cigar smoker ? No , I've tried them . But I'm not really a smoker .
Well , coffee isn't such a bad thing . Everyone has to have something . For me , it's cigars . Are you a cigar smoker ? No , I've tried them . But I'm not really a smoker . Well , what would you like to talk to me about ?
No , I've tried them . But I'm not really a smoker . Well , what would you like to talk to me about ? I wanted to set up this meeting with you to discuss a little proposal .
Well , what would you like to talk to me about ? I wanted to set up this meeting with you to discuss a little proposal . I'm glad when people have new ideas around here . Tell me about it .
I wanted to set up this meeting with you to discuss a little proposal . I'm glad when people have new ideas around here . Tell me about it . It is about the staff meetings . You know how we have a staff meeting every Tuesday .
I'm glad when people have new ideas around here . Tell me about it . It is about the staff meetings . You know how we have a staff meeting every Tuesday . Yes .
It is about the staff meetings . You know how we have a staff meeting every Tuesday . Yes . Well , I have been thinking about it . And I believe we could do things more efficiently here .
Yes . Well , I have been thinking about it . And I believe we could do things more efficiently here . What do you suggest ?
Well , I have been thinking about it . And I believe we could do things more efficiently here . What do you suggest ? The way it is now , the staff from all four branches get together once a week . We meet for one hour . But I think a lot of time is wasted in transportation .
What do you suggest ? The way it is now , the staff from all four branches get together once a week . We meet for one hour . But I think a lot of time is wasted in transportation . You mean because people have to go across town to get here .
The way it is now , the staff from all four branches get together once a week . We meet for one hour . But I think a lot of time is wasted in transportation . You mean because people have to go across town to get here . Yes . Some people spend half of the morning on the road .
You mean because people have to go across town to get here . Yes . Some people spend half of the morning on the road . That's true . But our staff meetings are very important , Arnold . I don't know how we can function without them .
Yes . Some people spend half of the morning on the road . That's true . But our staff meetings are very important , Arnold . I don't know how we can function without them . I think they are important too . That ' s why I want people to have a better attitude about them .
That's true . But our staff meetings are very important , Arnold . I don't know how we can function without them . I think they are important too . That ' s why I want people to have a better attitude about them . I know a lot of people think the meetings aren't too useful . I'm aware of that .
I think they are important too . That ' s why I want people to have a better attitude about them . I know a lot of people think the meetings aren't too useful . I'm aware of that . Here's what I propose . I think we should meet once every two weeks , but meet for ninety minutes or more .
I know a lot of people think the meetings aren't too useful . I'm aware of that . Here's what I propose . I think we should meet once every two weeks , but meet for ninety minutes or more . Well .
Here's what I propose . I think we should meet once every two weeks , but meet for ninety minutes or more . Well . I also think the meetings should be more focused . And I would be willing to take responsibility for that .
Well . I also think the meetings should be more focused . And I would be willing to take responsibility for that . You mean you want to run the meetings ?
I also think the meetings should be more focused . And I would be willing to take responsibility for that . You mean you want to run the meetings ? No , not really run them . But I could help organize them . I could discuss meeting topics with you , and then prepare a schedule for each meeting . I could then send an e-mail to all the staff to explain the coming meeting . This way the meetings would become more focused , and people would prepare better .
You mean you want to run the meetings ? No , not really run them . But I could help organize them . I could discuss meeting topics with you , and then prepare a schedule for each meeting . I could then send an e-mail to all the staff to explain the coming meeting . This way the meetings would become more focused , and people would prepare better . Hmm . But we would meet every two weeks .
No , not really run them . But I could help organize them . I could discuss meeting topics with you , and then prepare a schedule for each meeting . I could then send an e-mail to all the staff to explain the coming meeting . This way the meetings would become more focused , and people would prepare better . Hmm . But we would meet every two weeks . I really think it would work . The meetings could be longer , and better organized .
Hmm . But we would meet every two weeks . I really think it would work . The meetings could be longer , and better organized . I am not against the idea , Arnold . It may really be more efficient , as you say . I'll tell you what we can do . Why don't we try your proposal for a month , and see how it works .
I really think it would work . The meetings could be longer , and better organized . I am not against the idea , Arnold . It may really be more efficient , as you say . I'll tell you what we can do . Why don't we try your proposal for a month , and see how it works . Excellent . I would be happy to get started on it .
Good morning , Madam . What can I do for you ? Can you show me some traditional Chinese arts and crafts ? Maybe sandalwood fan is good .
Can you show me some traditional Chinese arts and crafts ? Maybe sandalwood fan is good . Would you show me some ?
Maybe sandalwood fan is good . Would you show me some ? Of course .
Would you show me some ? Of course . They really smell fragrant . How much is a real sandalwood fan ?
Of course . They really smell fragrant . How much is a real sandalwood fan ? The small ones are one hundred yuan for each . And the big ones are two hundred and thirty yuan .
They really smell fragrant . How much is a real sandalwood fan ? The small ones are one hundred yuan for each . And the big ones are two hundred and thirty yuan . I'll take two small ones and a big one .
The small ones are one hundred yuan for each . And the big ones are two hundred and thirty yuan . I'll take two small ones and a big one . What else are you interested in ?
I'll take two small ones and a big one . What else are you interested in ? I'm afraid not .
Hello . I want to send the computer to my sister in Shanghai by logistics transport . OK . Is it in the box ? May I see it ? Yes . This is the computer and this is the keyboard and the monitor .
OK . Is it in the box ? May I see it ? Yes . This is the computer and this is the keyboard and the monitor . Is there anything else ?
Yes . This is the computer and this is the keyboard and the monitor . Is there anything else ? There are a mouse and a camera .
Is there anything else ? There are a mouse and a camera . Is that all ?
There are a mouse and a camera . Is that all ? Yes . How much is it to send these things to Shanghai by regular delivery ?
Is that all ? Yes . How much is it to send these things to Shanghai by regular delivery ? It depends on the weight of these things . Generally speaking , we will charge you ten yuan for one kilogram .
Yes . How much is it to send these things to Shanghai by regular delivery ? It depends on the weight of these things . Generally speaking , we will charge you ten yuan for one kilogram . I see . Can you weigh them for me , please ?
It depends on the weight of these things . Generally speaking , we will charge you ten yuan for one kilogram . I see . Can you weigh them for me , please ? Please go over there to weigh them .
You want to argue your ticket today ? Yes . That is why I'm here . Tell me your argument .
Yes . That is why I'm here . Tell me your argument . I was pulled over for allegedly speeding .
Tell me your argument . I was pulled over for allegedly speeding . Are you sure you weren't speeding ?
I was pulled over for allegedly speeding . Are you sure you weren't speeding ? To be honest , I really wasn't .
Are you sure you weren't speeding ? To be honest , I really wasn't . What speed were you going ?
To be honest , I really wasn't . What speed were you going ? I was under the speed limit . I was going 35 , when the speed limit was 40 .
What speed were you going ? I was under the speed limit . I was going 35 , when the speed limit was 40 . I'm just going to let you go , since the arresting officer isn't here .
I was under the speed limit . I was going 35 , when the speed limit was 40 . I'm just going to let you go , since the arresting officer isn't here . What about my ticket ? Do I still need to pay ?
I'm just going to let you go , since the arresting officer isn't here . What about my ticket ? Do I still need to pay ? Don't worry about it .
Has your son started school yet , Tom ? Next week , it ' s going to be quite a shock for him ! He ' ll get used to it . They always do . I still remember when my daughter started . Are you going with him on his first day ?
I am waiting for a fax but just now I found there ' s something wrong with the fax machine . What ' s wrong with the fax machine ? Is it urgent ? Yes , very urgent . And there is no other fax machine around . And the office of our boss is closed , so I can not use his machine either . And his secretary is out . Do you have any suggestion ?
Taxi ! Where will you go , sir ? Friendship Hotel .
Where will you go , sir ? Friendship Hotel . OK , it's not far from here .
Friendship Hotel . OK , it's not far from here . I have something important to do , can you fast the speed ?
OK , it's not far from here . I have something important to do , can you fast the speed ? Sure , I'll try my best . Here we are .
I have something important to do , can you fast the speed ? Sure , I'll try my best . Here we are . How much should I pay you ?
Sure , I'll try my best . Here we are . How much should I pay you ? The reading on the meter is 15 yuan .
How much should I pay you ? The reading on the meter is 15 yuan . Here's 20 yuan , keep the change .
what do you think about the public service advertisement for quiting smoking ? while I think it's great that they're trying to get people to quit smoking , but I don't really care for the advertisement . why not ?
while I think it's great that they're trying to get people to quit smoking , but I don't really care for the advertisement . why not ? the fish hook that they use is quite disturbing !
why not ? the fish hook that they use is quite disturbing ! it's a pun . They use the fish hook to make you think about how you can get hooked on smoking .
the fish hook that they use is quite disturbing ! it's a pun . They use the fish hook to make you think about how you can get hooked on smoking . I know , but I think it's not really appropriate for young children .
it's a pun . They use the fish hook to make you think about how you can get hooked on smoking . I know , but I think it's not really appropriate for young children . I think they're trying to scare the young people so that they don't ever start smoking .
I know , but I think it's not really appropriate for young children . I think they're trying to scare the young people so that they don't ever start smoking . all advertisers like to catch young people because they know the meaning of loyalty .
I think they're trying to scare the young people so that they don't ever start smoking . all advertisers like to catch young people because they know the meaning of loyalty . perhaps you're right , , though . Maybe the advertisement would be more effective with adults anyhow .
all advertisers like to catch young people because they know the meaning of loyalty . perhaps you're right , , though . Maybe the advertisement would be more effective with adults anyhow . I have nothing against them putting the advertisements in magazines and newspapers that are read by adults , but I don't think they should have their ad on billboards where children can see them .
perhaps you're right , , though . Maybe the advertisement would be more effective with adults anyhow . I have nothing against them putting the advertisements in magazines and newspapers that are read by adults , but I don't think they should have their ad on billboards where children can see them . that's a good point . I think I was so delighted to see that a billboard was being used to promote health that I didn't think about how children might understand the ad .
I saw a vacancy board outside for assistant . Has the vacancy been filled ? Not yet . But do you have any experience as an assistant ? Yes . I have a lot of experience in that . I have worked for the sales company as an assistant since finishing my university .
Janice , I can't find the document I was working on last month . Can you help me to look for it ? Susan , I'm sorry . Did you look up those files I requested ? Yes , but I still can not find it . Maybe it is in this cabinet .
Susan , I'm sorry . Did you look up those files I requested ? Yes , but I still can not find it . Maybe it is in this cabinet . I couldn't find the files you request , even though I checked all the cross-references . I don't think it's there .
Yes , but I still can not find it . Maybe it is in this cabinet . I couldn't find the files you request , even though I checked all the cross-references . I don't think it's there . I am sure that document was filed .
I couldn't find the files you request , even though I checked all the cross-references . I don't think it's there . I am sure that document was filed . Well , let me check again under a different heading .
I am sure that document was filed . Well , let me check again under a different heading . Good idea ! It seems that I asked you to put it in Nova's files .
Excuse me , but could you tell me the way to the railway station ? The railway station ? Just go down this street and turn left at the second corner . The station is at the end of that street . How long will it take me to get there ?
The railway station ? Just go down this street and turn left at the second corner . The station is at the end of that street . How long will it take me to get there ? It's about a ten-minute walk .
How long will it take me to get there ? It's about a ten-minute walk . That's very clear . I think I can find my way now . Thank you .
Good morning ! May I help you ? Yes . My wife and I are interested in renting a house for the summer . Do you want a furnished house or an unfurnished one ?
Yes . My wife and I are interested in renting a house for the summer . Do you want a furnished house or an unfurnished one ? Furnished .
Do you want a furnished house or an unfurnished one ? Furnished . Very well . How long do you want the house ? All summer ?
Furnished . Very well . How long do you want the house ? All summer ? No , not all summer . Just for six weeks .
Very well . How long do you want the house ? All summer ? No , not all summer . Just for six weeks . I'm afraid I can only rent it for two months .
No , not all summer . Just for six weeks . I'm afraid I can only rent it for two months . My holiday is only six weeks , but I think my brother and his family would take it for the other two weeks . Is the house in good condition ?
I see there are some workmen on the site . When is the building work due to start ? Well , it'll take three weeks to demolish the old building and clear away the debris . We should be ready to start the construction work in week 23 . How long will the sub contractors be on site ?
Well , it'll take three weeks to demolish the old building and clear away the debris . We should be ready to start the construction work in week 23 . How long will the sub contractors be on site ? About ten weeks in total if everything goes according to plan .
I see myself as being honest , diligent , persevering and creative . And I have a strong sense of responsibility . How about your psychological resilience ? I think I can work well under pressure , if necessary . How would you deal with those who are not easy to get along with ?
How about your psychological resilience ? I think I can work well under pressure , if necessary . How would you deal with those who are not easy to get along with ? I will just be sincere and friendly to others , and I believe they will treat me the same way .
I think I can work well under pressure , if necessary . How would you deal with those who are not easy to get along with ? I will just be sincere and friendly to others , and I believe they will treat me the same way . You seem to be a kind-hearted lady .
How would you deal with those who are not easy to get along with ? I will just be sincere and friendly to others , and I believe they will treat me the same way . You seem to be a kind-hearted lady . Thank you . I simply believe the goodness of human nature .
I will just be sincere and friendly to others , and I believe they will treat me the same way . You seem to be a kind-hearted lady . Thank you . I simply believe the goodness of human nature . Please tell me your weaknesses if you can .
I am dropping off my prescription to get it filled . You can come back in twenty minutes , and it will be ready . If I couldn ' t wait , could the prescription be mailed to me ? Yes , you can have it delivered or filled at any location in our HMO .
You can come back in twenty minutes , and it will be ready . If I couldn ' t wait , could the prescription be mailed to me ? Yes , you can have it delivered or filled at any location in our HMO . When should I take this medication ?
If I couldn ' t wait , could the prescription be mailed to me ? Yes , you can have it delivered or filled at any location in our HMO . When should I take this medication ? You need to take it at bedtime .
Yes , you can have it delivered or filled at any location in our HMO . When should I take this medication ? You need to take it at bedtime . Should I take this medicine on an empty stomach ?
When should I take this medication ? You need to take it at bedtime . Should I take this medicine on an empty stomach ? Don ' t mix alcohol with this medication , but you can take it with or without food .
You need to take it at bedtime . Should I take this medicine on an empty stomach ? Don ' t mix alcohol with this medication , but you can take it with or without food . What are the side effects of this medication ?
Dear , can you drive me to the clinic ? I'm afraid I can't . Why ? Well , my car won't start . I don't know what's the matter with it .
I'm afraid I can't . Why ? Well , my car won't start . I don't know what's the matter with it . Could it be the battery ?
Why ? Well , my car won't start . I don't know what's the matter with it . Could it be the battery ? No , I don't think it could be . I checked the battery two days ago . It must be other problems .
Well , my car won't start . I don't know what's the matter with it . Could it be the battery ? No , I don't think it could be . I checked the battery two days ago . It must be other problems . Well , I suppose it could be the gas .
Could it be the battery ? No , I don't think it could be . I checked the battery two days ago . It must be other problems . Well , I suppose it could be the gas . No , there is plenty of gas . I filled it up yesterday .
No , I don't think it could be . I checked the battery two days ago . It must be other problems . Well , I suppose it could be the gas . No , there is plenty of gas . I filled it up yesterday . Perhaps it's the starter then ?
Hey , Mary . We're back . Have you eaten yet ? I had some bread for breakfast . Let's go out for brunch . Brunch ?
I had some bread for breakfast . Let's go out for brunch . Brunch ? It is a meal that combines breakfast and lunch . On Sundays , many Americans sleep late and go out for brunch . Those who go to church without having breakfast have brunch also .
Can you give me a hand with some things in the kitchen ? I don ' t think I can finish everything in time . Ok , what do you want me to do ? First of all , I need you to do the drying up . I ' m almost finished the washing up . I ' m going to clean the cooker when I finish . Ok . I ' ll put the plates and cutlery away as I dry them . Where is the tea towel ? Oh , here it is .
Ok , what do you want me to do ? First of all , I need you to do the drying up . I ' m almost finished the washing up . I ' m going to clean the cooker when I finish . Ok . I ' ll put the plates and cutlery away as I dry them . Where is the tea towel ? Oh , here it is . We ' ll have this finished in no time with two if us working on it .
First of all , I need you to do the drying up . I ' m almost finished the washing up . I ' m going to clean the cooker when I finish . Ok . I ' ll put the plates and cutlery away as I dry them . Where is the tea towel ? Oh , here it is . We ' ll have this finished in no time with two if us working on it . While you ' re cleaning the cooker , I ' ll wipe the worktop . That was a great meat , by the way .
Ok . I ' ll put the plates and cutlery away as I dry them . Where is the tea towel ? Oh , here it is . We ' ll have this finished in no time with two if us working on it . While you ' re cleaning the cooker , I ' ll wipe the worktop . That was a great meat , by the way . Actually , it was just some leftovers from yesterday . I made far too much food to eat alone . I am glad you could come over to help me finish it .
We ' ll have this finished in no time with two if us working on it . While you ' re cleaning the cooker , I ' ll wipe the worktop . That was a great meat , by the way . Actually , it was just some leftovers from yesterday . I made far too much food to eat alone . I am glad you could come over to help me finish it . My pleasure ! This tea towel ' s a little ragged . Do you have another one ?
While you ' re cleaning the cooker , I ' ll wipe the worktop . That was a great meat , by the way . Actually , it was just some leftovers from yesterday . I made far too much food to eat alone . I am glad you could come over to help me finish it . My pleasure ! This tea towel ' s a little ragged . Do you have another one ? Yes . Look in that drawer . I should throw the old one out .
Good morning , sir . May I help you ? Yes , I'd like to settle my bill . Certainly sir . May I have your room key , please ? Sure . Here you are .
Yes , I'd like to settle my bill . Certainly sir . May I have your room key , please ? Sure . Here you are . Just a moment , please . I'll draw up your bill for you ... Thank you for waiting , sir . Your bill totals two thousand six hundred and fifty-eight yuan , including the phone and laundry .
Certainly sir . May I have your room key , please ? Sure . Here you are . Just a moment , please . I'll draw up your bill for you ... Thank you for waiting , sir . Your bill totals two thousand six hundred and fifty-eight yuan , including the phone and laundry . That much ! Would you mind letting me have a look at it ?
Sure . Here you are . Just a moment , please . I'll draw up your bill for you ... Thank you for waiting , sir . Your bill totals two thousand six hundred and fifty-eight yuan , including the phone and laundry . That much ! Would you mind letting me have a look at it ? Not at all , sir . Here you are .
Just a moment , please . I'll draw up your bill for you ... Thank you for waiting , sir . Your bill totals two thousand six hundred and fifty-eight yuan , including the phone and laundry . That much ! Would you mind letting me have a look at it ? Not at all , sir . Here you are . Thanks . Well , It seems to be right . How much is that in dollars , please ?
That much ! Would you mind letting me have a look at it ? Not at all , sir . Here you are . Thanks . Well , It seems to be right . How much is that in dollars , please ? Just a moment , sir . I'll calculate that for you . It comes to 305 dollars and 52 cents at today's exchange rate .
Not at all , sir . Here you are . Thanks . Well , It seems to be right . How much is that in dollars , please ? Just a moment , sir . I'll calculate that for you . It comes to 305 dollars and 52 cents at today's exchange rate . I see . OK .
Thanks . Well , It seems to be right . How much is that in dollars , please ? Just a moment , sir . I'll calculate that for you . It comes to 305 dollars and 52 cents at today's exchange rate . I see . OK . How would you like to make the payment ?
Just a moment , sir . I'll calculate that for you . It comes to 305 dollars and 52 cents at today's exchange rate . I see . OK . How would you like to make the payment ? In cash , please . Here you are .
I see . OK . How would you like to make the payment ? In cash , please . Here you are . Thank you , sir ... Here is your change . Could you check it , please ? Thank you for choosing our hotel . I hope you enjoyed your stay .
How would you like to make the payment ? In cash , please . Here you are . Thank you , sir ... Here is your change . Could you check it , please ? Thank you for choosing our hotel . I hope you enjoyed your stay . By the way , please forward my mail to this address .
Could you project what you would like to be doing five years from now ? As I have some administrative experience from my last job , I may use my organizational and planning skills in the future . How do you plan to accomplish this ? By doing everything necessary and for further study .
As I have some administrative experience from my last job , I may use my organizational and planning skills in the future . How do you plan to accomplish this ? By doing everything necessary and for further study . How long would you like to stay with this company ?
How do you plan to accomplish this ? By doing everything necessary and for further study . How long would you like to stay with this company ? How long I will stay with the company depends on whether the company and I are satisfied with each other .
By doing everything necessary and for further study . How long would you like to stay with this company ? How long I will stay with the company depends on whether the company and I are satisfied with each other . What do you think of this industry's outlook in five years ?
Can you tell me where it hurts ? I am so glad they called you . It feels like something is really wrong with my stomach ! Does it hurt when I push here ? It ' s mostly on my right side . Right here !
I am so glad they called you . It feels like something is really wrong with my stomach ! Does it hurt when I push here ? It ' s mostly on my right side . Right here ! Have you been feeling this way for awhile ?
Does it hurt when I push here ? It ' s mostly on my right side . Right here ! Have you been feeling this way for awhile ? I started feeling kind of sick last night after dinner , but this morning the pain got really bad !
It ' s mostly on my right side . Right here ! Have you been feeling this way for awhile ? I started feeling kind of sick last night after dinner , but this morning the pain got really bad ! Have you eaten anything unusual lately ?
Have you been feeling this way for awhile ? I started feeling kind of sick last night after dinner , but this morning the pain got really bad ! Have you eaten anything unusual lately ? No , not that I remember .
I started feeling kind of sick last night after dinner , but this morning the pain got really bad ! Have you eaten anything unusual lately ? No , not that I remember . We are going to take you to an emergency room right now .
Thank god you are open ! I have an emergency ! Hello , Mr . Henderson what can I do for you ? I need this dress and this suit dry cleaned ASAP ! OK , I can have it ready by the end of the week .
Hello , Mr . Henderson what can I do for you ? I need this dress and this suit dry cleaned ASAP ! OK , I can have it ready by the end of the week . No , you don ' t understand , I need this tomorrow morning ! I accidentally spilled beer all over my wife ' s dress and we have a wedding to attend tomorrow ! She ' s gonna kill me !
I need this dress and this suit dry cleaned ASAP ! OK , I can have it ready by the end of the week . No , you don ' t understand , I need this tomorrow morning ! I accidentally spilled beer all over my wife ' s dress and we have a wedding to attend tomorrow ! She ' s gonna kill me ! OK , I can have it ready tomorrow afternoon , but this suit is also very stained . I can ' t guarantee we can remove it completely .
OK , I can have it ready by the end of the week . No , you don ' t understand , I need this tomorrow morning ! I accidentally spilled beer all over my wife ' s dress and we have a wedding to attend tomorrow ! She ' s gonna kill me ! OK , I can have it ready tomorrow afternoon , but this suit is also very stained . I can ' t guarantee we can remove it completely . Fine ! Can you also iron and starch this shirt ?
No , you don ' t understand , I need this tomorrow morning ! I accidentally spilled beer all over my wife ' s dress and we have a wedding to attend tomorrow ! She ' s gonna kill me ! OK , I can have it ready tomorrow afternoon , but this suit is also very stained . I can ' t guarantee we can remove it completely . Fine ! Can you also iron and starch this shirt ? Certainly .
Good coming , sir . What can I do for you ? Good coming . I would like to open a new account . I want to deposit 500 dollars . Very good , sir . What kind would you like ? Could you tell me how many kinds there are in your bank ?
Good coming . I would like to open a new account . I want to deposit 500 dollars . Very good , sir . What kind would you like ? Could you tell me how many kinds there are in your bank ? Besides the checking account , there's a monthly savings account and a daily interest account .
Very good , sir . What kind would you like ? Could you tell me how many kinds there are in your bank ? Besides the checking account , there's a monthly savings account and a daily interest account . Oh , I think I'd like to take the monthly savings account then .
Could you tell me how many kinds there are in your bank ? Besides the checking account , there's a monthly savings account and a daily interest account . Oh , I think I'd like to take the monthly savings account then . Would you fill out this form ?
Besides the checking account , there's a monthly savings account and a daily interest account . Oh , I think I'd like to take the monthly savings account then . Would you fill out this form ? OK . Here you are .
Oh , I think I'd like to take the monthly savings account then . Would you fill out this form ? OK . Here you are . All right . And here's your deposit book .
Would you fill out this form ? OK . Here you are . All right . And here's your deposit book . Thank you . Goodbye .
Let's have a look at the map first . All right . Wukesong stop is quite a few stops from here . Let's buy some tickets . The train is coming . There are a lot of people waiting here . let's stand in a better position to get on the train
All right . Wukesong stop is quite a few stops from here . Let's buy some tickets . The train is coming . There are a lot of people waiting here . let's stand in a better position to get on the train Well , it's not as crowded as we expected , is it ?
Good morning . May I help you ? Yes . I'm looking for an apartment , I'd like two bedrooms . All right . Have a seat , please . Let me ask you a few questions . First of all , may I have your name , please ? My name's Donald Eakins .
Yes . I'm looking for an apartment , I'd like two bedrooms . All right . Have a seat , please . Let me ask you a few questions . First of all , may I have your name , please ? My name's Donald Eakins . How do you spell your last name , Mr . Eakins .
All right . Have a seat , please . Let me ask you a few questions . First of all , may I have your name , please ? My name's Donald Eakins . How do you spell your last name , Mr . Eakins . It's E-A-K-I-N-S .
My name's Donald Eakins . How do you spell your last name , Mr . Eakins . It's E-A-K-I-N-S . E-A-K-I-N-S . First name , Donald . And what's your present address , Mr . Eakins ?
How do you spell your last name , Mr . Eakins . It's E-A-K-I-N-S . E-A-K-I-N-S . First name , Donald . And what's your present address , Mr . Eakins ? It's 1446 Pine Street .
It's E-A-K-I-N-S . E-A-K-I-N-S . First name , Donald . And what's your present address , Mr . Eakins ? It's 1446 Pine Street . 1446 Pine . That's in San Francisco , isn't it ?
I'd like to extend my visa for another two years . Are you on a tourist visa or a student visa ? Student visa . What is the reason for extension ?
Are you on a tourist visa or a student visa ? Student visa . What is the reason for extension ? I'll go into a practical training as soon as I receive my Master ' s degree from the University of Pennsylvania early next month .
Lisa , is there a milk section ? No , there's no such section . The dairy section is where you'll find milk and cheese . What's Condiments ? That's where you'll find things like salt and pepper .
No , there's no such section . The dairy section is where you'll find milk and cheese . What's Condiments ? That's where you'll find things like salt and pepper . Oh , I see .
What's Condiments ? That's where you'll find things like salt and pepper . Oh , I see . Let's go to aisle 4 to pick up some pasta for tonight .
That's where you'll find things like salt and pepper . Oh , I see . Let's go to aisle 4 to pick up some pasta for tonight . Great ! Pasta for dinner .
Oh , I see . Let's go to aisle 4 to pick up some pasta for tonight . Great ! Pasta for dinner . And let's get a loaf of bread at the bakery for breakfast .
Let's go to aisle 4 to pick up some pasta for tonight . Great ! Pasta for dinner . And let's get a loaf of bread at the bakery for breakfast . Maybe we should get a shopping cart .
Have you seen the sales report for last quarter ? Who do you think is our digest threat ? From the numbers , it seems like Forest Inc . is our digest competitor ... Le'Ban and Markford are also major contenders in our market . Le'Ban is the new kid on the block , it's amazing they've had such tremendous success so soon ... With them on the scene , the competition is outthrough . here's information about our competitor's recent market activities ...
From the numbers , it seems like Forest Inc . is our digest competitor ... Le'Ban and Markford are also major contenders in our market . Le'Ban is the new kid on the block , it's amazing they've had such tremendous success so soon ... With them on the scene , the competition is outthrough . here's information about our competitor's recent market activities ... Thanks , this will be a big help in putting together next quarter's marketing strategies . With competition this intense , we'll have to step up production even more . We need a price we can compete with .
Le'Ban is the new kid on the block , it's amazing they've had such tremendous success so soon ... With them on the scene , the competition is outthrough . here's information about our competitor's recent market activities ... Thanks , this will be a big help in putting together next quarter's marketing strategies . With competition this intense , we'll have to step up production even more . We need a price we can compete with . We're in a very competitive environment . It's sink or saimin this market .
We want to order some of these products . Mr . Thomas , this is a standard size . Can you supply us right away ? Yes , we have plenty on hand right now .
Mr . Thomas , this is a standard size . Can you supply us right away ? Yes , we have plenty on hand right now . Good , we'll take 500 suits .
Hello . Excuse me . Yes . Can I help you ? Do you remember me ? I just had lunch here a half hour ago . Of course I remember you .
Yes . Can I help you ? Do you remember me ? I just had lunch here a half hour ago . Of course I remember you . I think I lost my wallet here .
Do you remember me ? I just had lunch here a half hour ago . Of course I remember you . I think I lost my wallet here . Oh , no . Really ? I didn't see anything .
Of course I remember you . I think I lost my wallet here . Oh , no . Really ? I didn't see anything . Really ? You didn't find a wallet ?
I think I lost my wallet here . Oh , no . Really ? I didn't see anything . Really ? You didn't find a wallet ? No , I didn't . Would you like to go look by the table with me ?
Oh , no . Really ? I didn't see anything . Really ? You didn't find a wallet ? No , I didn't . Would you like to go look by the table with me ? Yes , I would . It's not here . And it's not on the floor . Has anyone sat at this table since we left ?
Really ? You didn't find a wallet ? No , I didn't . Would you like to go look by the table with me ? Yes , I would . It's not here . And it's not on the floor . Has anyone sat at this table since we left ? No . It's been empty the whole time .
No , I didn't . Would you like to go look by the table with me ? Yes , I would . It's not here . And it's not on the floor . Has anyone sat at this table since we left ? No . It's been empty the whole time . Hmm . I don't know how it could have happened .
Yes , I would . It's not here . And it's not on the floor . Has anyone sat at this table since we left ? No . It's been empty the whole time . Hmm . I don't know how it could have happened . I remember , sir , that your friend took the bill . You didn't pay for the lunch yourself , did you ?
No . It's been empty the whole time . Hmm . I don't know how it could have happened . I remember , sir , that your friend took the bill . You didn't pay for the lunch yourself , did you ? No . My friend did .
Hmm . I don't know how it could have happened . I remember , sir , that your friend took the bill . You didn't pay for the lunch yourself , did you ? No . My friend did . Then are you sure you took your wallet out of your pocket while you were here ?
I remember , sir , that your friend took the bill . You didn't pay for the lunch yourself , did you ? No . My friend did . Then are you sure you took your wallet out of your pocket while you were here ? No , I'm not sure . But I usually take out my wallet when I sit down . It ' s uncomfortable to sit on it . So I usually put it next to me on the table .
No . My friend did . Then are you sure you took your wallet out of your pocket while you were here ? No , I'm not sure . But I usually take out my wallet when I sit down . It ' s uncomfortable to sit on it . So I usually put it next to me on the table . Maybe you lost it before you came here . Or maybe you left it at home .
Then are you sure you took your wallet out of your pocket while you were here ? No , I'm not sure . But I usually take out my wallet when I sit down . It ' s uncomfortable to sit on it . So I usually put it next to me on the table . Maybe you lost it before you came here . Or maybe you left it at home . I don't think it's at home . I think I had it when I left the house . But what should I do ?
No , I'm not sure . But I usually take out my wallet when I sit down . It ' s uncomfortable to sit on it . So I usually put it next to me on the table . Maybe you lost it before you came here . Or maybe you left it at home . I don't think it's at home . I think I had it when I left the house . But what should I do ? Well , the first thing you should do is make sure it's not at home . Then , if it isn't , you need to call your credit card companies and cancel your cards . Next , you need to replace whatever you lost , your driver's license , things like that .
Maybe you lost it before you came here . Or maybe you left it at home . I don't think it's at home . I think I had it when I left the house . But what should I do ? Well , the first thing you should do is make sure it's not at home . Then , if it isn't , you need to call your credit card companies and cancel your cards . Next , you need to replace whatever you lost , your driver's license , things like that . Should I call the police ?
I don't think it's at home . I think I had it when I left the house . But what should I do ? Well , the first thing you should do is make sure it's not at home . Then , if it isn't , you need to call your credit card companies and cancel your cards . Next , you need to replace whatever you lost , your driver's license , things like that . Should I call the police ? You can if you want . But the police usually don't do anything about lost wallets .
Well , the first thing you should do is make sure it's not at home . Then , if it isn't , you need to call your credit card companies and cancel your cards . Next , you need to replace whatever you lost , your driver's license , things like that . Should I call the police ? You can if you want . But the police usually don't do anything about lost wallets . Hmm . I'll go home and check . Maybe you're right . Maybe it's at home .
Should I call the police ? You can if you want . But the police usually don't do anything about lost wallets . Hmm . I'll go home and check . Maybe you're right . Maybe it's at home . I'm sorry we couldn't find it , sir .
Can I help you , Miss ? I would like to order 2 office-style cabinets and desk calendars . We want office-style cabinets in white . The catalogue number is 90 - f - 2356 . How soon do you want it ? Could you deliver it tomorrow ?
I would like to order 2 office-style cabinets and desk calendars . We want office-style cabinets in white . The catalogue number is 90 - f - 2356 . How soon do you want it ? Could you deliver it tomorrow ? No problem .
How soon do you want it ? Could you deliver it tomorrow ? No problem . Please handle the items carefully .
Could you deliver it tomorrow ? No problem . Please handle the items carefully . Certainly .
Do you want to know what really motivates Vince to be nice to me ? OK . What ? It isn't gratitude . It's fear . Vince is afraid I'll jump to a competitor . You wouldn't do that . Would you ?
OK . What ? It isn't gratitude . It's fear . Vince is afraid I'll jump to a competitor . You wouldn't do that . Would you ? I might . Vince knows he needs to keep me happy .
Excuse me , but I'm not feeling too well . I think I'm going to throw up . There's an airsickness bag behind the seat that's in front of you . I must've missed it . Is this your first time flying ?
There's an airsickness bag behind the seat that's in front of you . I must've missed it . Is this your first time flying ? Yes . I'm going to San Francisco .
I must've missed it . Is this your first time flying ? Yes . I'm going to San Francisco . Oh , it's a beautiful city . I think you'll like it .
Is this your first time flying ? Yes . I'm going to San Francisco . Oh , it's a beautiful city . I think you'll like it . Hey , I'm feeling much better already .
Yes . I'm going to San Francisco . Oh , it's a beautiful city . I think you'll like it . Hey , I'm feeling much better already . Sometimes if you don't think about it , that sick feeling will go away on its own .
Oh , it's a beautiful city . I think you'll like it . Hey , I'm feeling much better already . Sometimes if you don't think about it , that sick feeling will go away on its own . Thanks . By the way , my name is Mary .
Good morning , Miss . Good morning . Could you tell me where I can find the Clothing Department ? On the left of the elevator of the 3rd floor . I ' d like to buy a woolen vest for my grandpa .
Good morning . Could you tell me where I can find the Clothing Department ? On the left of the elevator of the 3rd floor . I ' d like to buy a woolen vest for my grandpa . I ' m sure you can find your favorite there .
On the left of the elevator of the 3rd floor . I ' d like to buy a woolen vest for my grandpa . I ' m sure you can find your favorite there . Thank you very much .
Would you like to come by and play bridge ? Well , let's see . Why don't we go dancing for a change ? We haven't done that for a long time . Well , to tell the truth , I don't really feel like it tonight . I had a pretty hard day and I'm sort of tired . Hmm . Well , in that case , we could go to the movies .
Well , let's see . Why don't we go dancing for a change ? We haven't done that for a long time . Well , to tell the truth , I don't really feel like it tonight . I had a pretty hard day and I'm sort of tired . Hmm . Well , in that case , we could go to the movies . Oh , we always go to the movies . Can't we do something different ?
Well , to tell the truth , I don't really feel like it tonight . I had a pretty hard day and I'm sort of tired . Hmm . Well , in that case , we could go to the movies . Oh , we always go to the movies . Can't we do something different ? Well , do you have any suggestions ?
Hmm . Well , in that case , we could go to the movies . Oh , we always go to the movies . Can't we do something different ? Well , do you have any suggestions ? Let's see . How do you feel about playing bridge ?
Oh , we always go to the movies . Can't we do something different ? Well , do you have any suggestions ? Let's see . How do you feel about playing bridge ? It's OK with me , but we don't have any beer and things .
Well , do you have any suggestions ? Let's see . How do you feel about playing bridge ? It's OK with me , but we don't have any beer and things . Well , shall I call Janet and ask her and Tom to come over , and I'll go to the store and buy some stuff .
Let's see . How do you feel about playing bridge ? It's OK with me , but we don't have any beer and things . Well , shall I call Janet and ask her and Tom to come over , and I'll go to the store and buy some stuff . OK .
Hello , Steven . How do you get along with your job ? Actually , I learn many things from it . I find that I am a quick learner in new things . Practice makes perfect . By the way , what do you learn from your job ? At first I didn't know anything about the machine . Now I know how to operate it . Besides , the work gives me a sense of fulfillment and achievement .
Actually , I learn many things from it . I find that I am a quick learner in new things . Practice makes perfect . By the way , what do you learn from your job ? At first I didn't know anything about the machine . Now I know how to operate it . Besides , the work gives me a sense of fulfillment and achievement . Yeah , you are a good learner . I must commend you for your good performance .
Practice makes perfect . By the way , what do you learn from your job ? At first I didn't know anything about the machine . Now I know how to operate it . Besides , the work gives me a sense of fulfillment and achievement . Yeah , you are a good learner . I must commend you for your good performance . Thank you . That's a long way to go for my job .
At first I didn't know anything about the machine . Now I know how to operate it . Besides , the work gives me a sense of fulfillment and achievement . Yeah , you are a good learner . I must commend you for your good performance . Thank you . That's a long way to go for my job . I appreciate your effort very much . The coffee break is over ; it's about time we set to work .
Excuse me . I've been waiting for my main dish for quite a time . Yes , sir . Just a minute , please , I'll check with the kitchen . Thank you for waiting . It takes another ten to fifteen minutes , I'm afraid . We have an appointment in half an hour .
Yes , sir . Just a minute , please , I'll check with the kitchen . Thank you for waiting . It takes another ten to fifteen minutes , I'm afraid . We have an appointment in half an hour . I see .
Thank you for waiting . It takes another ten to fifteen minutes , I'm afraid . We have an appointment in half an hour . I see . Do you have anything else I can have instead ?
We have an appointment in half an hour . I see . Do you have anything else I can have instead ? Well , yes . How about beef stew ? We can serve you at once .
Excuse me , but could you tell me the way to the railway station ? The railway station ? Just go down this street and turn left at the second corner . The station is at the end of that street . How long will it take me to get there ? It's about a ten-minute walk .
The railway station ? Just go down this street and turn left at the second corner . The station is at the end of that street . How long will it take me to get there ? It's about a ten-minute walk . That's very clear . I think I can find my way now . Thank you .
How beautiful the flower is ! Really , it's so beautiful . You like it . Well , I'll gather in for you . You mustn't pick it in this place .
Really , it's so beautiful . You like it . Well , I'll gather in for you . You mustn't pick it in this place . Where it is ?
Good morning , sir . Is there a bank near here ? There is one . 5 blocks away from here ? Well , that's too far . Can you change some money for me ? Surely , of course . What kind of currency have you got ?
There is one . 5 blocks away from here ? Well , that's too far . Can you change some money for me ? Surely , of course . What kind of currency have you got ? RIB .
Well , that's too far . Can you change some money for me ? Surely , of course . What kind of currency have you got ? RIB . How much would you like to change ?
Well , Mr . Smith . That's a nasty infection you have . Yes . Is there anything you can give me to get rid of it , doctor ? I'm going to prescribe some antibiotics and some cream to ease the itching and burning . Ok , thank you ! Where should I buy them ?
Yes . Is there anything you can give me to get rid of it , doctor ? I'm going to prescribe some antibiotics and some cream to ease the itching and burning . Ok , thank you ! Where should I buy them ? The pharmacy will give you a discount since you came to the clinic .
I'm going to prescribe some antibiotics and some cream to ease the itching and burning . Ok , thank you ! Where should I buy them ? The pharmacy will give you a discount since you came to the clinic . Great ! What floor is pharmacy on ?
Ok , thank you ! Where should I buy them ? The pharmacy will give you a discount since you came to the clinic . Great ! What floor is pharmacy on ? The fourth . I'll send the prescription down there so you can just pick it up on your way out .
Please put your baggage on the counter and open it , let me have a look . Yes , sir . Please examine it . Anything subject to duty in your suitcase ? No , sir . Nothing except my personal belongings , such as clothes , notebooks and some gifts .
Yes , sir . Please examine it . Anything subject to duty in your suitcase ? No , sir . Nothing except my personal belongings , such as clothes , notebooks and some gifts . Any cigarettes or liquor ?
Anything subject to duty in your suitcase ? No , sir . Nothing except my personal belongings , such as clothes , notebooks and some gifts . Any cigarettes or liquor ? I have cigarettes for my own use .
No , sir . Nothing except my personal belongings , such as clothes , notebooks and some gifts . Any cigarettes or liquor ? I have cigarettes for my own use . I think you'll have to pay some duty on these cigarettes because they exceed the quota . And this article is liable for duty .
Any cigarettes or liquor ? I have cigarettes for my own use . I think you'll have to pay some duty on these cigarettes because they exceed the quota . And this article is liable for duty . How much duty should I pay ?
I have cigarettes for my own use . I think you'll have to pay some duty on these cigarettes because they exceed the quota . And this article is liable for duty . How much duty should I pay ? One hundred dollars .
I think you'll have to pay some duty on these cigarettes because they exceed the quota . And this article is liable for duty . How much duty should I pay ? One hundred dollars . Here is the money .
How much duty should I pay ? One hundred dollars . Here is the money . Just a moment . I'll make out your duty memo . ( Writing and giving the memo to Mr . Green ) Take it and pay the girl over there .
Comfort Inn , may I help you ? I ' m looking for a hotel near the convention center . You ' re in luck ! We ' re just a two-minute drive from there . Would you like to make a reservation ? Not just yet . I have one or two questions . How much for a single ?
I ' m looking for a hotel near the convention center . You ' re in luck ! We ' re just a two-minute drive from there . Would you like to make a reservation ? Not just yet . I have one or two questions . How much for a single ? During the peak season , a single room goes for 50 dollars on a night . But we ' Ve got a Single Super Saver Special going on right now -- only $ 30 a night . And we ' Ve also extended our checkout time 00 in
You ' re in luck ! We ' re just a two-minute drive from there . Would you like to make a reservation ? Not just yet . I have one or two questions . How much for a single ? During the peak season , a single room goes for 50 dollars on a night . But we ' Ve got a Single Super Saver Special going on right now -- only $ 30 a night . And we ' Ve also extended our checkout time 00 in That ' s a good deal . Since this is a working trip , I wonder if you have meeting rooms where I can get together with some clients .
Not just yet . I have one or two questions . How much for a single ? During the peak season , a single room goes for 50 dollars on a night . But we ' Ve got a Single Super Saver Special going on right now -- only $ 30 a night . And we ' Ve also extended our checkout time 00 in That ' s a good deal . Since this is a working trip , I wonder if you have meeting rooms where I can get together with some clients . Yes , we have five meeting rooms , of various sizes . We can accommodate large meetings and small , informal gatherings as well . Of course , if you have many small meeting , you might consider checking
During the peak season , a single room goes for 50 dollars on a night . But we ' Ve got a Single Super Saver Special going on right now -- only $ 30 a night . And we ' Ve also extended our checkout time 00 in That ' s a good deal . Since this is a working trip , I wonder if you have meeting rooms where I can get together with some clients . Yes , we have five meeting rooms , of various sizes . We can accommodate large meetings and small , informal gatherings as well . Of course , if you have many small meeting , you might consider checking That sounds great . Do you accept checks ?
What ' s up ? I guess there is some kind of virus seeking into my computer , I can ' t send out this e-mail . Do you have the number of the text port ? Do you mind I have a look at your computer ? Of course not , I appreciate that .
I guess there is some kind of virus seeking into my computer , I can ' t send out this e-mail . Do you have the number of the text port ? Do you mind I have a look at your computer ? Of course not , I appreciate that . Well , it has nothing to do with virus . The problem is your attachment is a bit larger . It has exceeded the e-mail capacity .
Do you mind I have a look at your computer ? Of course not , I appreciate that . Well , it has nothing to do with virus . The problem is your attachment is a bit larger . It has exceeded the e-mail capacity . I see . What can I do now ?
Hi , I'm George . I'll be your waiter this evening . Are you ready to order or do you need a few more minutes ? I'm ready now . I'd like the roast chicken and a side order of corn . And would you like an appetizer before your meal ? The soup of the day is our delicious tomato soup . I'll pass on the soup , but I'd like a garden salad .
I'm ready now . I'd like the roast chicken and a side order of corn . And would you like an appetizer before your meal ? The soup of the day is our delicious tomato soup . I'll pass on the soup , but I'd like a garden salad . Can I get you anything to drink ?
And would you like an appetizer before your meal ? The soup of the day is our delicious tomato soup . I'll pass on the soup , but I'd like a garden salad . Can I get you anything to drink ? Yes , I'd like a glass of iced tea .
I'll pass on the soup , but I'd like a garden salad . Can I get you anything to drink ? Yes , I'd like a glass of iced tea . Okay . I'll be back in a minute with your drink and salad .
Hello ? Hi , Deborah ! This is John . I'm calling from Australia . What are you doing in Australia ? I'm attending a conference in Sydney this week . Remember ?
Hi , Deborah ! This is John . I'm calling from Australia . What are you doing in Australia ? I'm attending a conference in Sydney this week . Remember ? Oh , right . What time is it there ?
What are you doing in Australia ? I'm attending a conference in Sydney this week . Remember ? Oh , right . What time is it there ? It's 10:00 P . M . And it's four o'clock in Los Angeles , right ?
I'm attending a conference in Sydney this week . Remember ? Oh , right . What time is it there ? It's 10:00 P . M . And it's four o'clock in Los Angeles , right ? Yes - four o'clock in the morning .
Oh , right . What time is it there ? It's 10:00 P . M . And it's four o'clock in Los Angeles , right ? Yes - four o'clock in the morning . 4:00 A . M . ? I'm really sorry .
Oh , damn . There ' s another traffic jam on the highway . How can there be a traffic jam on a 16 - lane highway every day ? There are just too many people , and too many cars . I wonder if there was an accident .
How can there be a traffic jam on a 16 - lane highway every day ? There are just too many people , and too many cars . I wonder if there was an accident . No , they just said it too many people were trying to get off at the Capitol exits .
There are just too many people , and too many cars . I wonder if there was an accident . No , they just said it too many people were trying to get off at the Capitol exits . Well , let ' s put on some music . We ' re going to be stuck in this for a while .
I wonder if there was an accident . No , they just said it too many people were trying to get off at the Capitol exits . Well , let ' s put on some music . We ' re going to be stuck in this for a while . All right , what do you want to listen to ?
No , they just said it too many people were trying to get off at the Capitol exits . Well , let ' s put on some music . We ' re going to be stuck in this for a while . All right , what do you want to listen to ? How about some Beatles ?
Here is the document you asked for this morning . Oh , you are so efficient . I thought you might give it to me tomorrow . Thanks . You ' re welcome . You know , these days I have been reflecting on my biggest weakness procrastination . The more I think about it , the more I hate myself for being so disorganized . I decided to change the situation as soon as possible . Otherwise I will be more regretful later . This is encouraging news , good for you ! What is your solution , then ?
Oh , you are so efficient . I thought you might give it to me tomorrow . Thanks . You ' re welcome . You know , these days I have been reflecting on my biggest weakness procrastination . The more I think about it , the more I hate myself for being so disorganized . I decided to change the situation as soon as possible . Otherwise I will be more regretful later . This is encouraging news , good for you ! What is your solution , then ? The most useful method is to make plans and set priorities . It helps me to manage time well and get the most important things done at the first place .
Well , Peter , you have to do better than that next time , won ' t you ? Have I really got to do those exams again , Dad ? Of course , you have . You must try harder this time . And must I go back to school ?
Have I really got to do those exams again , Dad ? Of course , you have . You must try harder this time . And must I go back to school ? No , you needn ' t do that . You ' d better get a part-time job somewhere and go to evening classes .
Of course , you have . You must try harder this time . And must I go back to school ? No , you needn ' t do that . You ' d better get a part-time job somewhere and go to evening classes . But Dad , I should be working full-time at my age . I ' m nearly 17 .
And must I go back to school ? No , you needn ' t do that . You ' d better get a part-time job somewhere and go to evening classes . But Dad , I should be working full-time at my age . I ' m nearly 17 . You ought to have worked harder then you wouldn ' t have failed your exams . You have to take a job and study .
No , you needn ' t do that . You ' d better get a part-time job somewhere and go to evening classes . But Dad , I should be working full-time at my age . I ' m nearly 17 . You ought to have worked harder then you wouldn ' t have failed your exams . You have to take a job and study . What else I ' Ve got to do ? Join the army ?
Good morning , sir . Can I help you ? Yes , I need to check-in for the eleven 20 flight to New York , please . O . K . Ticket , please . Here you are .
Yes , I need to check-in for the eleven 20 flight to New York , please . O . K . Ticket , please . Here you are . Would you like a window or an aisle seat , Mr . Smith ?
O . K . Ticket , please . Here you are . Would you like a window or an aisle seat , Mr . Smith ? I want an aisle seat as close to the exit door as possible , please .
Here you are . Would you like a window or an aisle seat , Mr . Smith ? I want an aisle seat as close to the exit door as possible , please . Very well . Do you have any bags to check ?
Would you like a window or an aisle seat , Mr . Smith ? I want an aisle seat as close to the exit door as possible , please . Very well . Do you have any bags to check ? No , I just have this one small bag .
I want an aisle seat as close to the exit door as possible , please . Very well . Do you have any bags to check ? No , I just have this one small bag . Here you are , seat 12c . Please go to gate 23 after passing through the security checkpoint .
Very well . Do you have any bags to check ? No , I just have this one small bag . Here you are , seat 12c . Please go to gate 23 after passing through the security checkpoint . Thank you .
No , I just have this one small bag . Here you are , seat 12c . Please go to gate 23 after passing through the security checkpoint . Thank you . Have a nice day .
Ahh ... What a fine day ! I do feel like an outdoor exercise . How about taking a walk in the park ? OK . It ' s delightful to have a walk in the park with the air so fresh . ( After they enter the park ) Oh , it's so quiet here . We have the park to ourselves , only you and me !
How about taking a walk in the park ? OK . It ' s delightful to have a walk in the park with the air so fresh . ( After they enter the park ) Oh , it's so quiet here . We have the park to ourselves , only you and me ! Don't you see many people over there ? Just on your left .
OK . It ' s delightful to have a walk in the park with the air so fresh . ( After they enter the park ) Oh , it's so quiet here . We have the park to ourselves , only you and me ! Don't you see many people over there ? Just on your left . Oh , I see them . Some are doing Taijiquan , some are performing swordplay , some are practising the Chinese Wushu .
Hello , this is Hilton Hotel . How may I help you ? Hi . I would like to make a reservation on this Friday . OK . What kind of room do you want ? We have single rooms , twin rooms , double rooms and suites available on Friday . I want a single room with ocean view . Do you have one ?
Hi . I would like to make a reservation on this Friday . OK . What kind of room do you want ? We have single rooms , twin rooms , double rooms and suites available on Friday . I want a single room with ocean view . Do you have one ? Let me check . Yes .
OK . What kind of room do you want ? We have single rooms , twin rooms , double rooms and suites available on Friday . I want a single room with ocean view . Do you have one ? Let me check . Yes . OK . I will take it .
I want a single room with ocean view . Do you have one ? Let me check . Yes . OK . I will take it . When do you check in ? How long are you planning to stay ? Do you have any special requirements ?
Let me check . Yes . OK . I will take it . When do you check in ? How long are you planning to stay ? Do you have any special requirements ? I guess I am going to arrive at 9:00 in the morning and I would like to leave at 200 in the afternoon on Sunday . Please give me a room away from the elevator . I hate noises while I am sleeping .
What's the matter ? Checking out , please . Can I have your keys , please ? Thank you . Here's your statement . Excuse me . What are these charges ?
Checking out , please . Can I have your keys , please ? Thank you . Here's your statement . Excuse me . What are these charges ? Oh , these are the phone charges and these are for something from the bar .
Can I have your keys , please ? Thank you . Here's your statement . Excuse me . What are these charges ? Oh , these are the phone charges and these are for something from the bar . Wait a minute . I made a phone call , but I never made a connection .
Excuse me . What are these charges ? Oh , these are the phone charges and these are for something from the bar . Wait a minute . I made a phone call , but I never made a connection . I know , sir . Those aren't telephone company charges . Those are hotel charges .
Oh , these are the phone charges and these are for something from the bar . Wait a minute . I made a phone call , but I never made a connection . I know , sir . Those aren't telephone company charges . Those are hotel charges . Isn't that a bit excessive ?
Wait a minute . I made a phone call , but I never made a connection . I know , sir . Those aren't telephone company charges . Those are hotel charges . Isn't that a bit excessive ? I'm sorry , sir . It's our policy .
I know , sir . Those aren't telephone company charges . Those are hotel charges . Isn't that a bit excessive ? I'm sorry , sir . It's our policy . OK . Here is the money .
Peter , it's time to get up . Ten more minutes , mom . What time is it now ? It's already 3 8 o'clock .
I am a student in Cambridge University . I read your ad , I want to know something more about your room , please ? It's a big bedroom with a drawing room , facing a beautiful wood . Is there a bathroom ? No , but there is one downstairs , which my daughter used some years ago .
It's a big bedroom with a drawing room , facing a beautiful wood . Is there a bathroom ? No , but there is one downstairs , which my daughter used some years ago . It sounds good . Could I go and see it myself ?
Is there a bathroom ? No , but there is one downstairs , which my daughter used some years ago . It sounds good . Could I go and see it myself ? Certainly , you're welcome anytime .
No , but there is one downstairs , which my daughter used some years ago . It sounds good . Could I go and see it myself ? Certainly , you're welcome anytime . See you later !
It sounds good . Could I go and see it myself ? Certainly , you're welcome anytime . See you later ! ( after a while ) Good afternoon , Mrs . Smith . I called you just now .
Certainly , you're welcome anytime . See you later ! ( after a while ) Good afternoon , Mrs . Smith . I called you just now . Welcome ! Come in , please !
See you later ! ( after a while ) Good afternoon , Mrs . Smith . I called you just now . Welcome ! Come in , please ! Yes .
( after a while ) Good afternoon , Mrs . Smith . I called you just now . Welcome ! Come in , please ! Yes . This way please . Your room is upstairs ... Here it is .
Welcome ! Come in , please ! Yes . This way please . Your room is upstairs ... Here it is . Wonderful ! A modest , comfortable room . Ah , a beautiful window , through which I can see a beautiful scene , and hear the birds singing . How nice !
Yes . This way please . Your room is upstairs ... Here it is . Wonderful ! A modest , comfortable room . Ah , a beautiful window , through which I can see a beautiful scene , and hear the birds singing . How nice ! Yes , if you want to wash something , there is a separate lavatory room outside .
This way please . Your room is upstairs ... Here it is . Wonderful ! A modest , comfortable room . Ah , a beautiful window , through which I can see a beautiful scene , and hear the birds singing . How nice ! Yes , if you want to wash something , there is a separate lavatory room outside . Excellent ! I like it ! When can I move in ?
Wonderful ! A modest , comfortable room . Ah , a beautiful window , through which I can see a beautiful scene , and hear the birds singing . How nice ! Yes , if you want to wash something , there is a separate lavatory room outside . Excellent ! I like it ! When can I move in ? Anytime you like .
Is this the counter to pick up parcels ? Yes , it is . I want to pick up my parcels . Please show me your parcel order .
Yes , it is . I want to pick up my parcels . Please show me your parcel order . OK . Here you are .
I want to pick up my parcels . Please show me your parcel order . OK . Here you are . Let me check your parcel number . Song Ping's parcel number should be CP 06230221 5 CN . Here is your parcel .
Please show me your parcel order . OK . Here you are . Let me check your parcel number . Song Ping's parcel number should be CP 06230221 5 CN . Here is your parcel . Thank you .
Doctor , save my baby , please What symptoms does he have ? He has had a fever for one day . Just now at home , he had febrile convulsions with teeth and fists clenched and eyes turned up . We were at a loss what to do . We called an ambulance and brought the baby here . How long did the convulsion last ?
What symptoms does he have ? He has had a fever for one day . Just now at home , he had febrile convulsions with teeth and fists clenched and eyes turned up . We were at a loss what to do . We called an ambulance and brought the baby here . How long did the convulsion last ? About 3 minutes .
He has had a fever for one day . Just now at home , he had febrile convulsions with teeth and fists clenched and eyes turned up . We were at a loss what to do . We called an ambulance and brought the baby here . How long did the convulsion last ? About 3 minutes . Does he have any other complaints ?
How long did the convulsion last ? About 3 minutes . Does he have any other complaints ? Three days ago , he began to cough , sneeze and have a running nose . Yesterday , he began to have a fever .
About 3 minutes . Does he have any other complaints ? Three days ago , he began to cough , sneeze and have a running nose . Yesterday , he began to have a fever . Have you taken his temperature ?
Does he have any other complaints ? Three days ago , he began to cough , sneeze and have a running nose . Yesterday , he began to have a fever . Have you taken his temperature ? It was 38 ° C this morning and it was 39 ° C just now .
Three days ago , he began to cough , sneeze and have a running nose . Yesterday , he began to have a fever . Have you taken his temperature ? It was 38 ° C this morning and it was 39 ° C just now . Let me examine him to see if there is any rash . No rash .
Have you taken his temperature ? It was 38 ° C this morning and it was 39 ° C just now . Let me examine him to see if there is any rash . No rash . Is it serious ? Is it meningitis ?
It was 38 ° C this morning and it was 39 ° C just now . Let me examine him to see if there is any rash . No rash . Is it serious ? Is it meningitis ? No , it is not meningitis . Just a high fever and convulsions , which results from a virus upper respiratory tract inflection .
Let me examine him to see if there is any rash . No rash . Is it serious ? Is it meningitis ? No , it is not meningitis . Just a high fever and convulsions , which results from a virus upper respiratory tract inflection . Does he have to be admitted to hospital ?
Is it serious ? Is it meningitis ? No , it is not meningitis . Just a high fever and convulsions , which results from a virus upper respiratory tract inflection . Does he have to be admitted to hospital ? No . No need for admission . I'll give the baby analgia nose drops to bring down the temperature first . Then I will give you a prescription . The pink tablets are used for his fever . When his temperature is over 38 ° C , give him one tablet . The other tablets are sedatives for his convulsions . The white liquid is for the cold . Give the baby plenty of water to drink .
I've brought this dress back to exchange it . That's not a problem . Leave it with me , and find something that you like . I was hoping you'd have something on sale today . We have nothing on sale today . But we're having a big sale next weekend .
That's not a problem . Leave it with me , and find something that you like . I was hoping you'd have something on sale today . We have nothing on sale today . But we're having a big sale next weekend . Is the sale going to include dresses ?
I was hoping you'd have something on sale today . We have nothing on sale today . But we're having a big sale next weekend . Is the sale going to include dresses ? Everything you can see will be on sale .
We have nothing on sale today . But we're having a big sale next weekend . Is the sale going to include dresses ? Everything you can see will be on sale . I like the sound of that . I'll just come back next weekend .
What are you reading ? Oh , it ' s the latest novel by Ray Blue . It ' s a sic-fi thriller . I thought he usually wrote horror books . He does . He ' s good at this genre too . It ' s a captivating read .
Oh , it ' s the latest novel by Ray Blue . It ' s a sic-fi thriller . I thought he usually wrote horror books . He does . He ' s good at this genre too . It ' s a captivating read . We ' re going to the bookshop . Would you like to join us ?
I thought he usually wrote horror books . He does . He ' s good at this genre too . It ' s a captivating read . We ' re going to the bookshop . Would you like to join us ? Yes , I would . I need to buy a textbook for my course and , as you know , I love browsing through the latest paperbacks .
He does . He ' s good at this genre too . It ' s a captivating read . We ' re going to the bookshop . Would you like to join us ? Yes , I would . I need to buy a textbook for my course and , as you know , I love browsing through the latest paperbacks . Me too . I need something to read on the flight to New York . I can never sleep on planes . Sarah wants to pick up some children ' s books for her daughter .
We ' re going to the bookshop . Would you like to join us ? Yes , I would . I need to buy a textbook for my course and , as you know , I love browsing through the latest paperbacks . Me too . I need something to read on the flight to New York . I can never sleep on planes . Sarah wants to pick up some children ' s books for her daughter . I want to look at nelson Mandela ' s autobiography .
Have you worked out the offers . Mr . Thou ? Yes , we have . Here's our CIF quotation sheet . Please have a careful look . Are the prices on the list firm offers ? Yes . All the quotations on the list are subject to our final confirmation .
Yes , we have . Here's our CIF quotation sheet . Please have a careful look . Are the prices on the list firm offers ? Yes . All the quotations on the list are subject to our final confirmation . I wonder whether there are any changes in your prices .
Are the prices on the list firm offers ? Yes . All the quotations on the list are subject to our final confirmation . I wonder whether there are any changes in your prices . All these products are our best-selling lines . The prices of our products will change according to that of the international market demand . And we are always open to negotiate , especially on larger orders . What do you have in mind ?
Yes . All the quotations on the list are subject to our final confirmation . I wonder whether there are any changes in your prices . All these products are our best-selling lines . The prices of our products will change according to that of the international market demand . And we are always open to negotiate , especially on larger orders . What do you have in mind ? How long does your offer remain valid ? I need some time to get my supervisors on board with this plan .
Billy , you don ' t look too well . Maybe you should take the day off school . But Mom ! Today we ' re playing football ! I love football ! You ' Ve got a fever and playing football isn ' t a good idea for a boy with a fever . What ' s that on your arm ? I don ' t know . It was there when I woke up this morning .
But Mom ! Today we ' re playing football ! I love football ! You ' Ve got a fever and playing football isn ' t a good idea for a boy with a fever . What ' s that on your arm ? I don ' t know . It was there when I woke up this morning . It ' s rash . I ' d better take you to see the doctor . How did you get that bruise on your leg ?
You ' Ve got a fever and playing football isn ' t a good idea for a boy with a fever . What ' s that on your arm ? I don ' t know . It was there when I woke up this morning . It ' s rash . I ' d better take you to see the doctor . How did you get that bruise on your leg ? I bashed it against the chair in my room .
I don ' t know . It was there when I woke up this morning . It ' s rash . I ' d better take you to see the doctor . How did you get that bruise on your leg ? I bashed it against the chair in my room . Does it hurt ?
It ' s rash . I ' d better take you to see the doctor . How did you get that bruise on your leg ? I bashed it against the chair in my room . Does it hurt ? A little , but not much .
I bashed it against the chair in my room . Does it hurt ? A little , but not much . Here . Put this wet towel on your face to keep your temperature down . I ' ll take you to the doctor ' s after breakfast .
Does it hurt ? A little , but not much . Here . Put this wet towel on your face to keep your temperature down . I ' ll take you to the doctor ' s after breakfast . If I ' m better this afternoon , can I go to school ?
Canton Hotel . I'd like to reserve a double room . I will be arriving next Monday , the 12th . My name is Wilson . A double room for the 12th ? The name is Wilson ? Yes , that's right .
I'd like to reserve a double room . I will be arriving next Monday , the 12th . My name is Wilson . A double room for the 12th ? The name is Wilson ? Yes , that's right . How long will you be staying ?
A double room for the 12th ? The name is Wilson ? Yes , that's right . How long will you be staying ? Three or four days , perhaps longer .
Did you see the picture of the guy on the front page of the newspaper this morning ? No . I haven't had a chance to read the paper yet . you've got to see it . It's an unbelievable picture ! What's so interesting about it ?
No . I haven't had a chance to read the paper yet . you've got to see it . It's an unbelievable picture ! What's so interesting about it ? Well , this guy fell asleep on the sofa and when he woke up , half his face had been bitten off !
you've got to see it . It's an unbelievable picture ! What's so interesting about it ? Well , this guy fell asleep on the sofa and when he woke up , half his face had been bitten off ! What ? How did that happen ?
What's so interesting about it ? Well , this guy fell asleep on the sofa and when he woke up , half his face had been bitten off ! What ? How did that happen ? They think his dog was trying to wake him up and couldn't , so ended up biting him in his face .
Well , this guy fell asleep on the sofa and when he woke up , half his face had been bitten off ! What ? How did that happen ? They think his dog was trying to wake him up and couldn't , so ended up biting him in his face . Wow . What does his look like now ?
What ? How did that happen ? They think his dog was trying to wake him up and couldn't , so ended up biting him in his face . Wow . What does his look like now ? It looks pretty frightening . He doesn't have any lips , so all you can see are his gums and teeth . Most of his nose and chin are missing too .
They think his dog was trying to wake him up and couldn't , so ended up biting him in his face . Wow . What does his look like now ? It looks pretty frightening . He doesn't have any lips , so all you can see are his gums and teeth . Most of his nose and chin are missing too . What did he look like before his dog bit his face off ?
Wow . What does his look like now ? It looks pretty frightening . He doesn't have any lips , so all you can see are his gums and teeth . Most of his nose and chin are missing too . What did he look like before his dog bit his face off ? He was actually quite handsome . What a shame .
It looks pretty frightening . He doesn't have any lips , so all you can see are his gums and teeth . Most of his nose and chin are missing too . What did he look like before his dog bit his face off ? He was actually quite handsome . What a shame . What's he going to do now ?
Good afternoon . May I help you ? Yes , I ' m here to see Joanna Stevens . I have an appointment at four . Certainly , may I take your name ? I ' ll let her know you ' Ve arrived . Sure , it ' s Josh O ' Neil .
Yes , I ' m here to see Joanna Stevens . I have an appointment at four . Certainly , may I take your name ? I ' ll let her know you ' Ve arrived . Sure , it ' s Josh O ' Neil . Ms . Stevens will be with you momentarily . Can I offer you something to drink ?
Certainly , may I take your name ? I ' ll let her know you ' Ve arrived . Sure , it ' s Josh O ' Neil . Ms . Stevens will be with you momentarily . Can I offer you something to drink ? Yes , a coffee would be nice , thank you .
Good morning . Madam . What can I do for you today ? Hello . I hope you can help me ; I'm a little worried about my new card . What seems to be the problem ? I received my new card this morning , but I'm unable to use it .
Hello . I hope you can help me ; I'm a little worried about my new card . What seems to be the problem ? I received my new card this morning , but I'm unable to use it . Oh ? You mean , the ATM machine has eaten it ?
What seems to be the problem ? I received my new card this morning , but I'm unable to use it . Oh ? You mean , the ATM machine has eaten it ? No , it's right here , see ? The ATM will not accept it !
I received my new card this morning , but I'm unable to use it . Oh ? You mean , the ATM machine has eaten it ? No , it's right here , see ? The ATM will not accept it ! You said you received your card this morning , am I right ?
Oh ? You mean , the ATM machine has eaten it ? No , it's right here , see ? The ATM will not accept it ! You said you received your card this morning , am I right ? Yes . I was told it would be activated and ready to use right away . So , what's gone wrong ?
No , it's right here , see ? The ATM will not accept it ! You said you received your card this morning , am I right ? Yes . I was told it would be activated and ready to use right away . So , what's gone wrong ? Did you receive your PIN number yet , Madam ? You see , unless you have your new PIN number , to match your new card , you cannot use it . We usually send that separately , around one day after the card , for security reasons .
Are you interested in mountaineering ? Yes , in some sense . I should say I like mountain climbing , you know , because I'm not so professional . How about you I'm the same with you , an amateur mountain climber . I went climbing in the Rocky Mountains with my friends last summer vacation . We spent two days in the mountains . How did you spend the night there ?
Yes , in some sense . I should say I like mountain climbing , you know , because I'm not so professional . How about you I'm the same with you , an amateur mountain climber . I went climbing in the Rocky Mountains with my friends last summer vacation . We spent two days in the mountains . How did you spend the night there ? We pitched a tent in the night , waiting for the sunrise . Wow ! It was too beautiful .
I'm the same with you , an amateur mountain climber . I went climbing in the Rocky Mountains with my friends last summer vacation . We spent two days in the mountains . How did you spend the night there ? We pitched a tent in the night , waiting for the sunrise . Wow ! It was too beautiful . I had a similar experience , but that was on the top of Tasha Mountain in my country .
How did you spend the night there ? We pitched a tent in the night , waiting for the sunrise . Wow ! It was too beautiful . I had a similar experience , but that was on the top of Tasha Mountain in my country . Tasha Mountain ? It's very famous in China , isn't ?
We pitched a tent in the night , waiting for the sunrise . Wow ! It was too beautiful . I had a similar experience , but that was on the top of Tasha Mountain in my country . Tasha Mountain ? It's very famous in China , isn't ? Yes . It is one of the Five Mountains .
I had a similar experience , but that was on the top of Tasha Mountain in my country . Tasha Mountain ? It's very famous in China , isn't ? Yes . It is one of the Five Mountains . I want to climb Tasha Mountain this summer vacation . Would you be my guide ?
I would like to open an account please . Do you have any form of ID ? I have my Tennis Club card . Is that good enough ? I ' m afraid not . It has to be a passport or a valid driver ' s license .
Do you have any form of ID ? I have my Tennis Club card . Is that good enough ? I ' m afraid not . It has to be a passport or a valid driver ' s license . Oh ... wait a minute ... here ' s my driver ' s license .
I have my Tennis Club card . Is that good enough ? I ' m afraid not . It has to be a passport or a valid driver ' s license . Oh ... wait a minute ... here ' s my driver ' s license . OK , just fill in this application . You can sit over there . This brochure explains our services . We have free checking , and you will be given a debit card and on ATM card . There is no service
John , it ' s time to get up . It can ' t be time to get up yet . It is . Hurry up ! You ' ll be late for school . What ' s the time ?
It can ' t be time to get up yet . It is . Hurry up ! You ' ll be late for school . What ' s the time ? It ' s nearly half past seven .
It is . Hurry up ! You ' ll be late for school . What ' s the time ? It ' s nearly half past seven . My watch says ten past .
What ' s the time ? It ' s nearly half past seven . My watch says ten past . It ' s slow . Hurry up ! The bus goes at twenty to eight .
It ' s nearly half past seven . My watch says ten past . It ' s slow . Hurry up ! The bus goes at twenty to eight . Are you sure half past seven ?
My watch says ten past . It ' s slow . Hurry up ! The bus goes at twenty to eight . Are you sure half past seven ? Positive . I ' ll put the radio on .
It ' s slow . Hurry up ! The bus goes at twenty to eight . Are you sure half past seven ? Positive . I ' ll put the radio on . It ' s only seven o ' clock . Your watch is fast .
Are you sure half past seven ? Positive . I ' ll put the radio on . It ' s only seven o ' clock . Your watch is fast . No , it isn ' t . It ' s stopped . I forgot to wind it up last night .
Do you have a swimming pool in this hotel ? We don't have a swimming pool , sir , but we do have swim stations in the gym . I never heard of a swim station . Is that like a train or bus station ? It's just a deep bathtub with a current of water that you swim against .
We don't have a swimming pool , sir , but we do have swim stations in the gym . I never heard of a swim station . Is that like a train or bus station ? It's just a deep bathtub with a current of water that you swim against . Holy cow ! I never heard of such a thing . How much do they cost ?
I never heard of a swim station . Is that like a train or bus station ? It's just a deep bathtub with a current of water that you swim against . Holy cow ! I never heard of such a thing . How much do they cost ? As a guest , sir , you pay nothing .
It's just a deep bathtub with a current of water that you swim against . Holy cow ! I never heard of such a thing . How much do they cost ? As a guest , sir , you pay nothing . This sounds better every second . Now , when can I use the stations ?
Holy cow ! I never heard of such a thing . How much do they cost ? As a guest , sir , you pay nothing . This sounds better every second . Now , when can I use the stations ? If you want to swim , you can visit the gym any day between 7 a . m . and 10 p . m .
As a guest , sir , you pay nothing . This sounds better every second . Now , when can I use the stations ? If you want to swim , you can visit the gym any day between 7 a . m . and 10 p . m . Oh , boy ! This is going to be great . I'm going to the gym right now !
What is my prime responsibility in daily work ? Your main job is serving the clients and giving them what they want . What other things do I need to know ? You'd spend 30 % of your time on the computer . You may be bored with a job like that .
Good evening , Mr . Lee and thank you for choosing our airline . We have just discovered that this flight is overbooked . Would you like to volunteer to give up your seat ? Overbooked ? Give up my seat ? I don ' t understand . From time to time we have a situation in which there are more passengers than there are seats on the aircraft . That ' s overbooked . I know what overbooked is , I just don ' t understand how that could happen ?
Overbooked ? Give up my seat ? I don ' t understand . From time to time we have a situation in which there are more passengers than there are seats on the aircraft . That ' s overbooked . I know what overbooked is , I just don ' t understand how that could happen ? Actually it ' s a common practice to overbook , as passengers often don ' t take their flight as scheduled . Most of the time there is no problem but today , more passengers arrived than we have seats ,
From time to time we have a situation in which there are more passengers than there are seats on the aircraft . That ' s overbooked . I know what overbooked is , I just don ' t understand how that could happen ? Actually it ' s a common practice to overbook , as passengers often don ' t take their flight as scheduled . Most of the time there is no problem but today , more passengers arrived than we have seats , So who has to stay behind ?
I know what overbooked is , I just don ' t understand how that could happen ? Actually it ' s a common practice to overbook , as passengers often don ' t take their flight as scheduled . Most of the time there is no problem but today , more passengers arrived than we have seats , So who has to stay behind ? Well , first we ask for volunteers . If someone like yourself volunteers , they receive a free round trip ticket to be used within one year . If no one volunteers we just have to select someone .
We came too early . There're still three hours before the performance starts . I know . Sorry , I shouldn't have rushed you , but I just couldn't stay at home and wait . Never mind . What about taking a look around the theater ? Why not ? I'd love to do that .
I know . Sorry , I shouldn't have rushed you , but I just couldn't stay at home and wait . Never mind . What about taking a look around the theater ? Why not ? I'd love to do that . Here we go . There is a museum of the Beijing Opera art .
Never mind . What about taking a look around the theater ? Why not ? I'd love to do that . Here we go . There is a museum of the Beijing Opera art . Wow . Look at this . So delicate and beautiful . Did ancient Chinese people really wear them ?
Why not ? I'd love to do that . Here we go . There is a museum of the Beijing Opera art . Wow . Look at this . So delicate and beautiful . Did ancient Chinese people really wear them ? Not really . They are just opera costumes . Do you like the embroidery ?
Here we go . There is a museum of the Beijing Opera art . Wow . Look at this . So delicate and beautiful . Did ancient Chinese people really wear them ? Not really . They are just opera costumes . Do you like the embroidery ? I surely do . They must have had advanced machine in ancient China to do that .
Wow . Look at this . So delicate and beautiful . Did ancient Chinese people really wear them ? Not really . They are just opera costumes . Do you like the embroidery ? I surely do . They must have had advanced machine in ancient China to do that . No , no , no . They are all handmade , girl . You know , the ancient Chinese women were supposed to be good at needlework .
Good afternoon , ma'am . May I help you ? Yes . Can I deposit valuables here ? Of course , you can . Please put your articles in this bag and seal it . OK .
Yes . Can I deposit valuables here ? Of course , you can . Please put your articles in this bag and seal it . OK . Thank you . Here is your tag .
Of course , you can . Please put your articles in this bag and seal it . OK . Thank you . Here is your tag . Would you tell me the rate per day for depositing my bag ?
OK . Thank you . Here is your tag . Would you tell me the rate per day for depositing my bag ? Sure , madam . Only one dollar .
Thank you . Here is your tag . Would you tell me the rate per day for depositing my bag ? Sure , madam . Only one dollar . When does the cloakroom close ?
Would you tell me the rate per day for depositing my bag ? Sure , madam . Only one dollar . When does the cloakroom close ? This cloakroom is open until 10 p . m .
Sure , madam . Only one dollar . When does the cloakroom close ? This cloakroom is open until 10 p . m . Oh , dear ! I won't be back until about 11:30 tonight . Where can I pick up my bag ?
When does the cloakroom close ? This cloakroom is open until 10 p . m . Oh , dear ! I won't be back until about 11:30 tonight . Where can I pick up my bag ? We will transfer your bag to the Lobby Floor Cloakroom . You may collect it there , madam .
This cloakroom is open until 10 p . m . Oh , dear ! I won't be back until about 11:30 tonight . Where can I pick up my bag ? We will transfer your bag to the Lobby Floor Cloakroom . You may collect it there , madam . I see . Thanks a lot .
I want to send some money to Australia . Could you handle it for me ? Yes , madam , how much would you like to remit ? 2,000 AD $ . Which would you like to remit , by mail or by cable ?
Yes , madam , how much would you like to remit ? 2,000 AD $ . Which would you like to remit , by mail or by cable ? What is the difference between them ?
2,000 AD $ . Which would you like to remit , by mail or by cable ? What is the difference between them ? The cable will take less time for your account , in the meantime , the regular service charge is also higher than that of the mail one .
Which would you like to remit , by mail or by cable ? What is the difference between them ? The cable will take less time for your account , in the meantime , the regular service charge is also higher than that of the mail one . Well , I think the cable is better .
What is the difference between them ? The cable will take less time for your account , in the meantime , the regular service charge is also higher than that of the mail one . Well , I think the cable is better . OK , please fill in the application form giving the name and address of beneficiary , your name and telephone .
The cable will take less time for your account , in the meantime , the regular service charge is also higher than that of the mail one . Well , I think the cable is better . OK , please fill in the application form giving the name and address of beneficiary , your name and telephone . All right . Here you are .
Well , I think the cable is better . OK , please fill in the application form giving the name and address of beneficiary , your name and telephone . All right . Here you are . Everything is OK . The commission is 50 yuan .
I would like to order a waistcoat . Have you chosen the material ? Yes , I want it to made of tweed . Fine . And the charge is $ 100 .
Have you chosen the material ? Yes , I want it to made of tweed . Fine . And the charge is $ 100 . When will it be available ?
Please come in and sit down . I'm happy to finally meet you . Same here . I've been looking forward to this . I ' m sorry I kept you waiting so long . I'm running a little late today . No problem . That happens to all of us , it goes badly with the traffic .
Same here . I've been looking forward to this . I ' m sorry I kept you waiting so long . I'm running a little late today . No problem . That happens to all of us , it goes badly with the traffic . Thank you . Can I offer you some refreshment ?
Hi , I would like to return this TV . Sure , do you have the receipt ? Yeah here you go . Actually I also want to return this keyboard . Ok . may I ask what is the reason for returning these products ?
Sure , do you have the receipt ? Yeah here you go . Actually I also want to return this keyboard . Ok . may I ask what is the reason for returning these products ? The TV flickers a lot when I am watching a movie and at times the image is not very clear .
Yeah here you go . Actually I also want to return this keyboard . Ok . may I ask what is the reason for returning these products ? The TV flickers a lot when I am watching a movie and at times the image is not very clear . I see , and what about the keyboard ?
Ok . may I ask what is the reason for returning these products ? The TV flickers a lot when I am watching a movie and at times the image is not very clear . I see , and what about the keyboard ? I spilled some coffee on it and now it won't work .
The TV flickers a lot when I am watching a movie and at times the image is not very clear . I see , and what about the keyboard ? I spilled some coffee on it and now it won't work . I am sorry mam , but we can only exchange or refund defective products , we cannot take responsibility for misuse or damages .
My warmest congratulations on your promotion ! Thanks . It ' s nothing special actually . Don ' t say that . It owes to your efforts and team spirit . Oh , it was nothing . Anyone could have done it . I still have a lot to learn yet .
Thanks . It ' s nothing special actually . Don ' t say that . It owes to your efforts and team spirit . Oh , it was nothing . Anyone could have done it . I still have a lot to learn yet . You are very modest . Best luck in your new position .
Yes , sir . May I help you ? Please I'd like a ticket to New York . For today ? No , early saturday morning .
Please I'd like a ticket to New York . For today ? No , early saturday morning . We have a flight that we'll put you there at ten AM . Is that ok ?
For today ? No , early saturday morning . We have a flight that we'll put you there at ten AM . Is that ok ? Nothing earlier ? I prefer flight at nine thirty .
No , early saturday morning . We have a flight that we'll put you there at ten AM . Is that ok ? Nothing earlier ? I prefer flight at nine thirty . I'm afraid not , unless you want a night flight .
We have a flight that we'll put you there at ten AM . Is that ok ? Nothing earlier ? I prefer flight at nine thirty . I'm afraid not , unless you want a night flight . No , exactly not
Nothing earlier ? I prefer flight at nine thirty . I'm afraid not , unless you want a night flight . No , exactly not How about afternoon ?
Hi ! Fiona ? I almost didn't recognize you . You are much thinner since I last saw you . Yes . I have lost about ten kilos . How did you do it ? I am on a diet . And I do more exercise regularly .
Yes . I have lost about ten kilos . How did you do it ? I am on a diet . And I do more exercise regularly . What's the secret then ?
How did you do it ? I am on a diet . And I do more exercise regularly . What's the secret then ? It lies in perseverance .
I am on a diet . And I do more exercise regularly . What's the secret then ? It lies in perseverance . Well . It's hard for me . I can't keep doing exercise .
May , is this the Hall of Ancient China ? Yes . Look at these historical relics here , amazing ! Why are they all in glass boxes ? For protection . Some relics will turn to dust if exposed to air .
Yes . Look at these historical relics here , amazing ! Why are they all in glass boxes ? For protection . Some relics will turn to dust if exposed to air . So there isn't air in the glass boxes ?
Why are they all in glass boxes ? For protection . Some relics will turn to dust if exposed to air . So there isn't air in the glass boxes ? No , there isn't . They are all vacuumed .
For protection . Some relics will turn to dust if exposed to air . So there isn't air in the glass boxes ? No , there isn't . They are all vacuumed . I wonder how old these things are , thousands of years ?
So there isn't air in the glass boxes ? No , there isn't . They are all vacuumed . I wonder how old these things are , thousands of years ? Yeah , they all come from a very ancient time .
No , there isn't . They are all vacuumed . I wonder how old these things are , thousands of years ? Yeah , they all come from a very ancient time . Hey , look at the three-leg cup . I've seen it on TV .
I wonder how old these things are , thousands of years ? Yeah , they all come from a very ancient time . Hey , look at the three-leg cup . I've seen it on TV . The bronze cup was made 4,000 years ago . It's priceless !
Yeah , they all come from a very ancient time . Hey , look at the three-leg cup . I've seen it on TV . The bronze cup was made 4,000 years ago . It's priceless ! Yeah , it has no value at all . Who will use this cup today ?
Hey , look at the three-leg cup . I've seen it on TV . The bronze cup was made 4,000 years ago . It's priceless ! Yeah , it has no value at all . Who will use this cup today ? Danny , priceless means so valuable that you can't put a price on it .
Were you a leader when you were in college ? Yes . I was Propaganda department minister of our university . Did you get any honors or awards at your university ? No . It ' s a pity about it .
Yes . I was Propaganda department minister of our university . Did you get any honors or awards at your university ? No . It ' s a pity about it . Were you involved in any club activities at your university ?
Did you get any honors or awards at your university ? No . It ' s a pity about it . Were you involved in any club activities at your university ? Yes . I was a member of the basketball Society . I like playing basketball .
No . It ' s a pity about it . Were you involved in any club activities at your university ? Yes . I was a member of the basketball Society . I like playing basketball . What extracurricular activities did you usually take part in at your college ?
Can you tell me , Ms . Smith , about the training programs you initiated this year ? We ran a call center training service and language program to ensure that our customer service representatives are well trained . What ' s the result ? We directly attribute an increase in our customer service feedback of 50 % to the increase in language skills and training that our employees have received .
We ran a call center training service and language program to ensure that our customer service representatives are well trained . What ' s the result ? We directly attribute an increase in our customer service feedback of 50 % to the increase in language skills and training that our employees have received . That seems very impressive . Good work !
Excuse me . We're leaving today . I'd like to pay our bills now . OK . By the way , I'd like to tell you that the check-out time is 12 I see . Have you used any hotel services this morning or had breakfast at the hotel dining room , Mr . Green ?
OK . By the way , I'd like to tell you that the check-out time is 12 I see . Have you used any hotel services this morning or had breakfast at the hotel dining room , Mr . Green ? Yes , my friend and I just had breakfast at the dining room , but we didn't use any services .
I see . Have you used any hotel services this morning or had breakfast at the hotel dining room , Mr . Green ? Yes , my friend and I just had breakfast at the dining room , but we didn't use any services . How about the charge for the days you shared the room with your friend ?
Have you used any hotel services this morning or had breakfast at the hotel dining room , Mr . Green ? Yes , my friend and I just had breakfast at the dining room , but we didn't use any services . How about the charge for the days you shared the room with your friend ? Please add to my account .
Yes , my friend and I just had breakfast at the dining room , but we didn't use any services . How about the charge for the days you shared the room with your friend ? Please add to my account . The total for the eight days is five hundred sixty yuan .
We need to call an emergency meeting as soon as possible about this . OK . Let me send a memo around . Schedule it for this afternoon , when Ken gets back . I don ' t think he ' s back today .
OK . Let me send a memo around . Schedule it for this afternoon , when Ken gets back . I don ' t think he ' s back today . Oh , that ' s right . Go ahead anyways . I ' ll fill him in . We can ' t lose this order under any circumstances !
Is this the baggage claim area for flight KB256 ? Yes , we are on the same plane . But I am a transfer passenger . I have a connecting flight to Miami . So you have to bring your baggage to the transfer check-in area .
Yes , we are on the same plane . But I am a transfer passenger . I have a connecting flight to Miami . So you have to bring your baggage to the transfer check-in area . Yes . It ' s quite troublesome .
Oh , gosh ! I feel everything around me is against me . Don't take it too hard . There are some tips you should know in job-hunting of 2010 . Well , I am all ears . Maybe they are helpful . Firstly , you must always show your best to the interviewer . And secondly , try to avoid spamming through e-mails , because this will make the reader go crazy . The last but not the least , there is no substitute for pounding the pavement in such a digital age .
Don't take it too hard . There are some tips you should know in job-hunting of 2010 . Well , I am all ears . Maybe they are helpful . Firstly , you must always show your best to the interviewer . And secondly , try to avoid spamming through e-mails , because this will make the reader go crazy . The last but not the least , there is no substitute for pounding the pavement in such a digital age . I understand what you mean , and I will not upset myself . Face it .
I'm after some chinese incense burner ? How's this one ? How's this one ? Oh , I need a small one , otherwise my luggage will be overweight . What about this one ?
Excuse me . Could you please tell me how to get to the nearest cinema ? Turn left at the second light . You can't miss it . Will it take me long to get there ? No . It's not far at all .
Turn left at the second light . You can't miss it . Will it take me long to get there ? No . It's not far at all . Thank you very much .
I would like to speak to you , if you don ' t mind . What would you like to speak to me about ? I would like to talk to you about this year ' s election . Is that right ?
What would you like to speak to me about ? I would like to talk to you about this year ' s election . Is that right ? I am a volunteer for this year ' s campaign .
I would like to talk to you about this year ' s election . Is that right ? I am a volunteer for this year ' s campaign . That ' s wonderful . I am impressed at someone so young taking a stand .
Is that right ? I am a volunteer for this year ' s campaign . That ' s wonderful . I am impressed at someone so young taking a stand . I know history is about to be made , and I would like to be a part of it .
I am a volunteer for this year ' s campaign . That ' s wonderful . I am impressed at someone so young taking a stand . I know history is about to be made , and I would like to be a part of it . That ' s fantastic .
That ' s wonderful . I am impressed at someone so young taking a stand . I know history is about to be made , and I would like to be a part of it . That ' s fantastic . Are you planning on voting ?
I know history is about to be made , and I would like to be a part of it . That ' s fantastic . Are you planning on voting ? I ' m going to vote .
That ' s fantastic . Are you planning on voting ? I ' m going to vote . Go to your polling place early on Election Day .
Would you help me figure out what to do about the office party ? I would be happy to help . What would you like me to help with , food or entertainment ? I would like to help you with both . That will work out fine . To make sure everything goes together , do you think this party should be casual or dressy ?
I would be happy to help . What would you like me to help with , food or entertainment ? I would like to help you with both . That will work out fine . To make sure everything goes together , do you think this party should be casual or dressy ? A dressy party would be fun !
I would like to help you with both . That will work out fine . To make sure everything goes together , do you think this party should be casual or dressy ? A dressy party would be fun ! That will work out fine . Do you think that Chinese or Continental food would be best ?
That will work out fine . To make sure everything goes together , do you think this party should be casual or dressy ? A dressy party would be fun ! That will work out fine . Do you think that Chinese or Continental food would be best ? We should probably have both .
A dressy party would be fun ! That will work out fine . Do you think that Chinese or Continental food would be best ? We should probably have both . Yes , that will work out fine . Should we hire a band or bring in a DJ ?
That will work out fine . Do you think that Chinese or Continental food would be best ? We should probably have both . Yes , that will work out fine . Should we hire a band or bring in a DJ ? Maybe we could do both !
Smells good ! What ' s for breakfast ? Well , since we are getting up so late , I decided to make a big breakfast ! Nice ! Brunch ! Kind of , so I made scrambled and soft boiled eggs , some french toast and buttermilk pancakes !
Well , since we are getting up so late , I decided to make a big breakfast ! Nice ! Brunch ! Kind of , so I made scrambled and soft boiled eggs , some french toast and buttermilk pancakes ! Wow ! You really went all out ! Did you make any coffee ?
Nice ! Brunch ! Kind of , so I made scrambled and soft boiled eggs , some french toast and buttermilk pancakes ! Wow ! You really went all out ! Did you make any coffee ? Yeah , just the way you like it ! I also put out some cereal and muesli if you feel like having something more light .
Kind of , so I made scrambled and soft boiled eggs , some french toast and buttermilk pancakes ! Wow ! You really went all out ! Did you make any coffee ? Yeah , just the way you like it ! I also put out some cereal and muesli if you feel like having something more light . Looks good ! I ' ll squeeze us some fresh orange juice .
Come in , please . Good morning ! I am Anna Lu . I've come for an interview which was arranged . Oh , I see . I am Jack White , Personnel Manager . Take a seat , please . Glad to meet you , Mr . White .
Good morning ! I am Anna Lu . I've come for an interview which was arranged . Oh , I see . I am Jack White , Personnel Manager . Take a seat , please . Glad to meet you , Mr . White . Miss Lu , have you got any experience in restaurant service ?
Oh , I see . I am Jack White , Personnel Manager . Take a seat , please . Glad to meet you , Mr . White . Miss Lu , have you got any experience in restaurant service ? Yes . Since I entered college , I have been working at a fast food restaurant as a part-time waitress .
Glad to meet you , Mr . White . Miss Lu , have you got any experience in restaurant service ? Yes . Since I entered college , I have been working at a fast food restaurant as a part-time waitress . For how long ?
Miss Lu , have you got any experience in restaurant service ? Yes . Since I entered college , I have been working at a fast food restaurant as a part-time waitress . For how long ? 3 years .
Yes . Since I entered college , I have been working at a fast food restaurant as a part-time waitress . For how long ? 3 years . Our restaurant receives a lot of foreign customers . Can you serve them in English ?
For how long ? 3 years . Our restaurant receives a lot of foreign customers . Can you serve them in English ? That's why I applied for this job . Now I am studying Hotel English in my college , and I am quite familiar with the western courtesy and restaurant etiquette . I am sure my public relation skills will leave a strong impression on your customers .
3 years . Our restaurant receives a lot of foreign customers . Can you serve them in English ? That's why I applied for this job . Now I am studying Hotel English in my college , and I am quite familiar with the western courtesy and restaurant etiquette . I am sure my public relation skills will leave a strong impression on your customers . You must know our working hours are very long and overtime work is frequent .
Our restaurant receives a lot of foreign customers . Can you serve them in English ? That's why I applied for this job . Now I am studying Hotel English in my college , and I am quite familiar with the western courtesy and restaurant etiquette . I am sure my public relation skills will leave a strong impression on your customers . You must know our working hours are very long and overtime work is frequent . I don't mind that .
That's why I applied for this job . Now I am studying Hotel English in my college , and I am quite familiar with the western courtesy and restaurant etiquette . I am sure my public relation skills will leave a strong impression on your customers . You must know our working hours are very long and overtime work is frequent . I don't mind that . I think I will give you a 3 months ' trial . The salary for this period is 800 yuan a month with no bonus . After that period if we both feel satisfied , a formal contract would be signed .
You must know our working hours are very long and overtime work is frequent . I don't mind that . I think I will give you a 3 months ' trial . The salary for this period is 800 yuan a month with no bonus . After that period if we both feel satisfied , a formal contract would be signed . When am I supposed to start working ?
I don't mind that . I think I will give you a 3 months ' trial . The salary for this period is 800 yuan a month with no bonus . After that period if we both feel satisfied , a formal contract would be signed . When am I supposed to start working ? Next monday . Bring your resume and diploma with you .
I think I will give you a 3 months ' trial . The salary for this period is 800 yuan a month with no bonus . After that period if we both feel satisfied , a formal contract would be signed . When am I supposed to start working ? Next monday . Bring your resume and diploma with you . Yes , I will . Thank you , Mr . White . Goodbye !
Congratulations , Francis . Your hard working finally pays off . I am so happy for your promotion . Thanks , Monica . Without support from you and other colleagues , I would not have made it . I hope I could get promoted some day . Tell me about your experience , ok ? Well , just saying that you wanted to get promoted is not enough , you need to write down your desirable position and an available plan for achieving that adjective . Don ' t be afraid of taking challenging . They might be opportunities and failing is not fatal . You learn more from that actually . Sometimes , you need to fail to be successful .
Thanks , Monica . Without support from you and other colleagues , I would not have made it . I hope I could get promoted some day . Tell me about your experience , ok ? Well , just saying that you wanted to get promoted is not enough , you need to write down your desirable position and an available plan for achieving that adjective . Don ' t be afraid of taking challenging . They might be opportunities and failing is not fatal . You learn more from that actually . Sometimes , you need to fail to be successful . How do you think if I volunteer for some work ?
How slowly you drive ! I'm sorry . Something is wrong with my taxi . Where does it go wrong ? Let me stop my car for check . Oh , my god . I got a flat tyre .
I'm sorry . Something is wrong with my taxi . Where does it go wrong ? Let me stop my car for check . Oh , my god . I got a flat tyre . Can it keep going ?
Well , it's illegal to bring food and drinks into the theater . Too bad . I did anyway . No wonder you brought such a big bag today . I brought Strawberry Sticks . See ?
Too bad . I did anyway . No wonder you brought such a big bag today . I brought Strawberry Sticks . See ? Those are the ones that are pre-dipped in sweet coating !
Oh , come on , Ultraman ! What's up , Bro ? What's in the bulletin ? It says that there will be a blackout from 5 p . m . to 7 p . m . in our neighborhood today . Blackout ? Even the TV has the limit .
What's up , Bro ? What's in the bulletin ? It says that there will be a blackout from 5 p . m . to 7 p . m . in our neighborhood today . Blackout ? Even the TV has the limit . Don't you know you will look like a monster in the blackout ?
It says that there will be a blackout from 5 p . m . to 7 p . m . in our neighborhood today . Blackout ? Even the TV has the limit . Don't you know you will look like a monster in the blackout ? Oops , no , Daddy can't watch American Idol , either !
Blackout ? Even the TV has the limit . Don't you know you will look like a monster in the blackout ? Oops , no , Daddy can't watch American Idol , either ! That's not the point . Come on , can you imagine that there will be no electricity on such a hot day ?
Don't you know you will look like a monster in the blackout ? Oops , no , Daddy can't watch American Idol , either ! That's not the point . Come on , can you imagine that there will be no electricity on such a hot day ? Oh , my god ! No air-conditioner !
Oops , no , Daddy can't watch American Idol , either ! That's not the point . Come on , can you imagine that there will be no electricity on such a hot day ? Oh , my god ! No air-conditioner ! OK , since you are the smart one , can you come up with a better plan ? So that we won't be baked like cookies here .
That's not the point . Come on , can you imagine that there will be no electricity on such a hot day ? Oh , my god ! No air-conditioner ! OK , since you are the smart one , can you come up with a better plan ? So that we won't be baked like cookies here . How about playing Barbie out there in the neighborhood ?
Oh , my god ! No air-conditioner ! OK , since you are the smart one , can you come up with a better plan ? So that we won't be baked like cookies here . How about playing Barbie out there in the neighborhood ? Barbie ? You know , I might be seven , but I'm not a girl .
OK , since you are the smart one , can you come up with a better plan ? So that we won't be baked like cookies here . How about playing Barbie out there in the neighborhood ? Barbie ? You know , I might be seven , but I'm not a girl . Do you have a better plan ?
I can ' t make out anything , the words are too light . I thought they have already changed the toner cartridge this month . It seems not or somebody has recently received a large fax . Ok , no problem . We do it ourselves . Do you know how to do it ? I am not so good at machine things . I will have somebody do it as soon as possible .
no , no , you helped me with my computer last week . I want to repay the favor . no , it's definitely my turn to treat you ... you paid last time ! oh , that was just a quick bite to eat---that doesn't count ! ok , ok , how about we just go Dutch ? It's settled . Listen , I'm still pretty new around here , would it be alright if you found the restaurant ?
Good morning , Mr Zhang , I wonder whether you have got an answer from your superior . Yes , we had a meting about it yesterday afternoon . What's the answer ? We decided that we could agree to your price , but we are a bit worried about the slow delivery .
Yes , we had a meting about it yesterday afternoon . What's the answer ? We decided that we could agree to your price , but we are a bit worried about the slow delivery . Let me see . I quoted your delivery in three months , didn't I ?
What's the answer ? We decided that we could agree to your price , but we are a bit worried about the slow delivery . Let me see . I quoted your delivery in three months , didn't I ? Yes , but we hope that the wool could reach us as soon as possible .
We decided that we could agree to your price , but we are a bit worried about the slow delivery . Let me see . I quoted your delivery in three months , didn't I ? Yes , but we hope that the wool could reach us as soon as possible . I thought you would be worried about it . So I rang Auckland last night . As you are our biggest customer , they agreed to ship the order on the first vessel available that will leave Auckland next month .
Let me see . I quoted your delivery in three months , didn't I ? Yes , but we hope that the wool could reach us as soon as possible . I thought you would be worried about it . So I rang Auckland last night . As you are our biggest customer , they agreed to ship the order on the first vessel available that will leave Auckland next month . Good , if you agree we'll draft the agreement right away and sign it then .
Did you lock the doors ? All except the back door . I left that open for Tim . He took the dog for a walk . Well , I'm going on to bed . I'm beat . Okay . I'm going to stay up a while . I've got to go over the household budget . We're a little overspent this month .
All except the back door . I left that open for Tim . He took the dog for a walk . Well , I'm going on to bed . I'm beat . Okay . I'm going to stay up a while . I've got to go over the household budget . We're a little overspent this month . Please tell Tim to close the door to the basement . I don't want the dog down there tonight .
Isn't it past your bedtime already ? I am not sleepy . It's getting late , and you have to wake up early tomorrow . There is no way that I can fall asleep right now .
I am not sleepy . It's getting late , and you have to wake up early tomorrow . There is no way that I can fall asleep right now . Try listening to some soft music .
It's getting late , and you have to wake up early tomorrow . There is no way that I can fall asleep right now . Try listening to some soft music . It won't work . I'm nowhere close to being tired .
There is no way that I can fall asleep right now . Try listening to some soft music . It won't work . I'm nowhere close to being tired . I really don't care , just go to sleep .
Try listening to some soft music . It won't work . I'm nowhere close to being tired . I really don't care , just go to sleep . What if I stay up and do something , until I get tired ?
It won't work . I'm nowhere close to being tired . I really don't care , just go to sleep . What if I stay up and do something , until I get tired ? You'll be up all night if I let you do that .
I really don't care , just go to sleep . What if I stay up and do something , until I get tired ? You'll be up all night if I let you do that . I'm going to get to sleep eventually .
What if I stay up and do something , until I get tired ? You'll be up all night if I let you do that . I'm going to get to sleep eventually . You need to go to sleep now , so go to sleep .
Why are you reading the classifieds ? What do you need ? I'm looking for a bookcase , but I don't want to buy a new one . Are you having any luck ? Not really . There aren't any used bookcases listed . But there are a few rummage sales on Saturday . I think I'll go to them .
I'm looking for a bookcase , but I don't want to buy a new one . Are you having any luck ? Not really . There aren't any used bookcases listed . But there are a few rummage sales on Saturday . I think I'll go to them . Do you mind if I go with you ?
Are you having any luck ? Not really . There aren't any used bookcases listed . But there are a few rummage sales on Saturday . I think I'll go to them . Do you mind if I go with you ? Not at all . These private sales are great places to bargain . And sometimes you can find terrific things among all the junk .
Not really . There aren't any used bookcases listed . But there are a few rummage sales on Saturday . I think I'll go to them . Do you mind if I go with you ? Not at all . These private sales are great places to bargain . And sometimes you can find terrific things among all the junk . I learned to negotiate from my mother . I thought I was pretty good at bargaining , but I had a problem the other day at Kimble's Department Store .
Do you mind if I go with you ? Not at all . These private sales are great places to bargain . And sometimes you can find terrific things among all the junk . I learned to negotiate from my mother . I thought I was pretty good at bargaining , but I had a problem the other day at Kimble's Department Store . What happened ?
Would you like something to drink ? Yes please . Do you have any teas ? Of course we have lots of teas ? What do you recommend ?
Yes please . Do you have any teas ? Of course we have lots of teas ? What do you recommend ? What about a green tea or perhaps a jasmine tea ?
Of course we have lots of teas ? What do you recommend ? What about a green tea or perhaps a jasmine tea ? What ' s this one ?
What do you recommend ? What about a green tea or perhaps a jasmine tea ? What ' s this one ? That ' s Oolong tea -- it ' s a Cantonese tea .
Hi . I need more amenities , please . Could you be a little more specific , sir ? Well , to be more specific , the free stuff , like soap , lotion , and shampoo . I understand . Now , you're saying that you've already used up all your amenities ?
Could you be a little more specific , sir ? Well , to be more specific , the free stuff , like soap , lotion , and shampoo . I understand . Now , you're saying that you've already used up all your amenities ? Oh , no ! I've got all I need for my stay here .
Well , to be more specific , the free stuff , like soap , lotion , and shampoo . I understand . Now , you're saying that you've already used up all your amenities ? Oh , no ! I've got all I need for my stay here . So , what's the problem ?
I understand . Now , you're saying that you've already used up all your amenities ? Oh , no ! I've got all I need for my stay here . So , what's the problem ? I need souvenirs !
Oh , no ! I've got all I need for my stay here . So , what's the problem ? I need souvenirs ! You want some souvenirs !
So , what's the problem ? I need souvenirs ! You want some souvenirs ! Yes , yes . Souvenirs .
I need souvenirs ! You want some souvenirs ! Yes , yes . Souvenirs . But , sir , our souvenir shop carries all those items .
You want some souvenirs ! Yes , yes . Souvenirs . But , sir , our souvenir shop carries all those items . That's not the same thing . If you buy hotel souvenirs , they have no sentimental value .
Can I help you , sir ? Yes , I'd like to look at some suits . Oh , this way please . What size do you wear ? Size 41 . I want something in dark flannel .
Yes , I'd like to look at some suits . Oh , this way please . What size do you wear ? Size 41 . I want something in dark flannel . How about this one ?
Oh , this way please . What size do you wear ? Size 41 . I want something in dark flannel . How about this one ? It feels all right . But if it were a darker color , I'd like it better . This seems too light for winter . Do you think you could get me one ?
Size 41 . I want something in dark flannel . How about this one ? It feels all right . But if it were a darker color , I'd like it better . This seems too light for winter . Do you think you could get me one ? All right . I'll show you something darker . Do you like this one ?
How about this one ? It feels all right . But if it were a darker color , I'd like it better . This seems too light for winter . Do you think you could get me one ? All right . I'll show you something darker . Do you like this one ? It looks good . But can I try it on ?
It feels all right . But if it were a darker color , I'd like it better . This seems too light for winter . Do you think you could get me one ? All right . I'll show you something darker . Do you like this one ? It looks good . But can I try it on ? Of course . Let me help you .
All right . I'll show you something darker . Do you like this one ? It looks good . But can I try it on ? Of course . Let me help you . Thanks . It's comfortable . Well , how much is it , please ?
It looks good . But can I try it on ? Of course . Let me help you . Thanks . It's comfortable . Well , how much is it , please ? $ 280 .
How many languages can you speak ? Besides Chinese , I can speak English and French . You mean you can read and write both of them ? No , I can only carry on a simple conversation in French .
Besides Chinese , I can speak English and French . You mean you can read and write both of them ? No , I can only carry on a simple conversation in French . Can you read and write English well ?
You mean you can read and write both of them ? No , I can only carry on a simple conversation in French . Can you read and write English well ? I can speak the language better than read and write .
No , I can only carry on a simple conversation in French . Can you read and write English well ? I can speak the language better than read and write . Do you speak the language well enough to communicate with people of English-speaking countries ?
Can you read and write English well ? I can speak the language better than read and write . Do you speak the language well enough to communicate with people of English-speaking countries ? I think so . I used to be an interpreter .
I can speak the language better than read and write . Do you speak the language well enough to communicate with people of English-speaking countries ? I think so . I used to be an interpreter . Do you think your English is good enough to do desk work ?
I'm going to buy a new living room set . Where are you going to buy one ? I'm really not sure . You like my living room set , don't you ?
Where are you going to buy one ? I'm really not sure . You like my living room set , don't you ? Where did you buy it ?
I'm really not sure . You like my living room set , don't you ? Where did you buy it ? I found mine at IKEA .
You like my living room set , don't you ? Where did you buy it ? I found mine at IKEA . Are they expensive ?
Where did you buy it ? I found mine at IKEA . Are they expensive ? Everything I got from IKEA cost me a couple thousand .
I found mine at IKEA . Are they expensive ? Everything I got from IKEA cost me a couple thousand . Is the furniture crafted well ?
Are they expensive ? Everything I got from IKEA cost me a couple thousand . Is the furniture crafted well ? The furniture isn't built cheap .
Everything I got from IKEA cost me a couple thousand . Is the furniture crafted well ? The furniture isn't built cheap . I'll pay the money , as long as I'm getting what I pay for .
I'd like to make sure my plane reservation is in order . May I have your flight number , please ? World Airlines , Flight 201 . And your name , please ?
May I have your flight number , please ? World Airlines , Flight 201 . And your name , please ? John Anderson .
World Airlines , Flight 201 . And your name , please ? John Anderson . Yes , sir . You're booked on Flight 201 , leaving in one hour .
Hello , ma ' am . Can I help you ? I ' m looking for a sweater . What size are you looking for ? Well , I ' m looking for size 10 but you don ' t have it .
I ' m looking for a sweater . What size are you looking for ? Well , I ' m looking for size 10 but you don ' t have it . How about this one ? I think it looks terrific on you .
What size are you looking for ? Well , I ' m looking for size 10 but you don ' t have it . How about this one ? I think it looks terrific on you . Yes , I like the color . Can I try it on ?
Well , I ' m looking for size 10 but you don ' t have it . How about this one ? I think it looks terrific on you . Yes , I like the color . Can I try it on ? Sure . The fitting room is on your right .
How about this one ? I think it looks terrific on you . Yes , I like the color . Can I try it on ? Sure . The fitting room is on your right . It fits well . I like it a lot . What do you think ?
Yes , I like the color . Can I try it on ? Sure . The fitting room is on your right . It fits well . I like it a lot . What do you think ? You look pretty in red .
Sure . The fitting room is on your right . It fits well . I like it a lot . What do you think ? You look pretty in red . Oh , it ' s my favorite . How much is it ?
It fits well . I like it a lot . What do you think ? You look pretty in red . Oh , it ' s my favorite . How much is it ? $ 29 . 99 .
You look pretty in red . Oh , it ' s my favorite . How much is it ? $ 29 . 99 . Okay . I ' ll take it . Thank you very much for your help .
Good Morning . What can I do for you ? Good Morning , I have a bad cough , and I want to see an internist . Do you have a registration card ? No , I don ' t . I ' m a tourist .
Good Morning , I have a bad cough , and I want to see an internist . Do you have a registration card ? No , I don ' t . I ' m a tourist . Then you need to register as a new patient . Can I have a look at you ID card ? I need your name , age , occupation , address and contacting number .
Do you have a registration card ? No , I don ' t . I ' m a tourist . Then you need to register as a new patient . Can I have a look at you ID card ? I need your name , age , occupation , address and contacting number . Here you are .
No , I don ' t . I ' m a tourist . Then you need to register as a new patient . Can I have a look at you ID card ? I need your name , age , occupation , address and contacting number . Here you are . Thanks . Which kind of medicine do you prefer , western medicine or traditional Chinese medicine ?
Then you need to register as a new patient . Can I have a look at you ID card ? I need your name , age , occupation , address and contacting number . Here you are . Thanks . Which kind of medicine do you prefer , western medicine or traditional Chinese medicine ? I ' d like to try traditional Chinese medicine . I heard it really works quite well if you know what you're doing .
Hello , this is Steven from Blue Sky Co . May I speak to Mr . James ? Speaking . Excuse my troubling you . You purchased our products last year and now I am following up to find out about their workings . Are they still in good condition now ? Yeah , exactly ! I bought them last year . En ... at present , they are still in good state .
Speaking . Excuse my troubling you . You purchased our products last year and now I am following up to find out about their workings . Are they still in good condition now ? Yeah , exactly ! I bought them last year . En ... at present , they are still in good state . That's it ! All of them have first-class quality and performance . Besides , we adopt advanced technology . Now we have developed new products . They are much better than what you have bought .
Excuse my troubling you . You purchased our products last year and now I am following up to find out about their workings . Are they still in good condition now ? Yeah , exactly ! I bought them last year . En ... at present , they are still in good state . That's it ! All of them have first-class quality and performance . Besides , we adopt advanced technology . Now we have developed new products . They are much better than what you have bought . Your company is developing so fast . Maybe later on I will plan to buy more .
Yeah , exactly ! I bought them last year . En ... at present , they are still in good state . That's it ! All of them have first-class quality and performance . Besides , we adopt advanced technology . Now we have developed new products . They are much better than what you have bought . Your company is developing so fast . Maybe later on I will plan to buy more . That's great ! Thanks for your support . If any , please remember to call us . I am afraid I have to say goodbye now ! Bye , Mr . James !
My name is Mary , and I will be your waitress tonight . Thank you , Mary . We have been looking forward to trying out this restaurant . Before your main course , would you like to order an appetizer ? Sure , that sounds great . Where are your appetizers listed ?
Thank you , Mary . We have been looking forward to trying out this restaurant . Before your main course , would you like to order an appetizer ? Sure , that sounds great . Where are your appetizers listed ? There is a special appetizer menu right here in the center of the table .
Before your main course , would you like to order an appetizer ? Sure , that sounds great . Where are your appetizers listed ? There is a special appetizer menu right here in the center of the table . The chicken and cheese quesadilla looks good . Is that pretty good ?
Sure , that sounds great . Where are your appetizers listed ? There is a special appetizer menu right here in the center of the table . The chicken and cheese quesadilla looks good . Is that pretty good ? You know , that is one of my favorites !
There is a special appetizer menu right here in the center of the table . The chicken and cheese quesadilla looks good . Is that pretty good ? You know , that is one of my favorites ! OK , I'll take one order of that .
The chicken and cheese quesadilla looks good . Is that pretty good ? You know , that is one of my favorites ! OK , I'll take one order of that . You could choose another appetizer for half price to share .
Excuse me . Do you speak English ? Yes , I do . How can I help you ? Well , I've just arrived in my room , but there are no instructions in English about the facilities available ! Could you help me for a moment ? Of course not . What exactly would you like to know ?
Yes , I do . How can I help you ? Well , I've just arrived in my room , but there are no instructions in English about the facilities available ! Could you help me for a moment ? Of course not . What exactly would you like to know ? First , what is the number for room service ?
Well , I've just arrived in my room , but there are no instructions in English about the facilities available ! Could you help me for a moment ? Of course not . What exactly would you like to know ? First , what is the number for room service ? It's 1200 . Room service is available 24 hours a day .
Of course not . What exactly would you like to know ? First , what is the number for room service ? It's 1200 . Room service is available 24 hours a day . Very good . Now , could you help me to adjust the air conditioning , please ? It's too hot in my room .
First , what is the number for room service ? It's 1200 . Room service is available 24 hours a day . Very good . Now , could you help me to adjust the air conditioning , please ? It's too hot in my room . Yes , the control unit is on the wall next to the bathroom . Is 24 ° C all right ?
It's 1200 . Room service is available 24 hours a day . Very good . Now , could you help me to adjust the air conditioning , please ? It's too hot in my room . Yes , the control unit is on the wall next to the bathroom . Is 24 ° C all right ? Yes , that's perfect . Another thing , if need more items for the mini-bar , which Number should I call ?
Very good . Now , could you help me to adjust the air conditioning , please ? It's too hot in my room . Yes , the control unit is on the wall next to the bathroom . Is 24 ° C all right ? Yes , that's perfect . Another thing , if need more items for the mini-bar , which Number should I call ? You should call the Housekeeping Department on 2300 . They will replace any stock for you immediately .
Yes , the control unit is on the wall next to the bathroom . Is 24 ° C all right ? Yes , that's perfect . Another thing , if need more items for the mini-bar , which Number should I call ? You should call the Housekeeping Department on 2300 . They will replace any stock for you immediately . I see . So , is it possible to make international phone calls from my room ?
Yes , that's perfect . Another thing , if need more items for the mini-bar , which Number should I call ? You should call the Housekeeping Department on 2300 . They will replace any stock for you immediately . I see . So , is it possible to make international phone calls from my room ? That's no problem . Just dial 9 to get an outside line , and then dial the number as usual .
You should call the Housekeeping Department on 2300 . They will replace any stock for you immediately . I see . So , is it possible to make international phone calls from my room ? That's no problem . Just dial 9 to get an outside line , and then dial the number as usual . Well , thanks a lot for your help .
I see . So , is it possible to make international phone calls from my room ? That's no problem . Just dial 9 to get an outside line , and then dial the number as usual . Well , thanks a lot for your help . No problem , sir . If there's anything else you need , you can find me at the desk by the elevator , or you can call housekeeping if I'm not there .
That's no problem . Just dial 9 to get an outside line , and then dial the number as usual . Well , thanks a lot for your help . No problem , sir . If there's anything else you need , you can find me at the desk by the elevator , or you can call housekeeping if I'm not there . OK , goodbye .
Well , Mr . Smith . That ' s a nasty infection you have . Yes . Is there anything you can give me to get rid of it , Doctor ? I ' m going to prescribe some antibiotics , and some cream to ease the itching and burning . OK . Thank you . Where should I buy them ?
Yes . Is there anything you can give me to get rid of it , Doctor ? I ' m going to prescribe some antibiotics , and some cream to ease the itching and burning . OK . Thank you . Where should I buy them ? The pharmacy will give you a discount since you came to the clinic .
I ' m going to prescribe some antibiotics , and some cream to ease the itching and burning . OK . Thank you . Where should I buy them ? The pharmacy will give you a discount since you came to the clinic . Great . What floor is the pharmacy on ?
OK . Thank you . Where should I buy them ? The pharmacy will give you a discount since you came to the clinic . Great . What floor is the pharmacy on ? The fourth . I ' ll send the prescription down there , so you can just pick it up on your way out .
Please give me a piece of ' New York Daily ' . You are late . The last piece has sold out . Really ? Is there ' Wall Street Journal ' , please ? There are several , take a piece . The crash appears in the headline . It is famous for offering catastrophe stories .
You are late . The last piece has sold out . Really ? Is there ' Wall Street Journal ' , please ? There are several , take a piece . The crash appears in the headline . It is famous for offering catastrophe stories . I have a long flight for ten hours . I need to choose a magazine .
Really ? Is there ' Wall Street Journal ' , please ? There are several , take a piece . The crash appears in the headline . It is famous for offering catastrophe stories . I have a long flight for ten hours . I need to choose a magazine . There are various magazines in the rack .
There are several , take a piece . The crash appears in the headline . It is famous for offering catastrophe stories . I have a long flight for ten hours . I need to choose a magazine . There are various magazines in the rack . Give me the latest issue of ' National Geographic ' .
I have a long flight for ten hours . I need to choose a magazine . There are various magazines in the rack . Give me the latest issue of ' National Geographic ' . That's the top magazine in America and is popular with young people . OK . It is totally 30 dollars .
There are various magazines in the rack . Give me the latest issue of ' National Geographic ' . That's the top magazine in America and is popular with young people . OK . It is totally 30 dollars . Here you are .
Hello , how are you doing today ? I ' Ve been having trouble breathing lately . Have you had any type of cold lately ? No , I haven ' t had a cold . I just have a heavy feeling in my chest when I try to breathe .
I ' Ve been having trouble breathing lately . Have you had any type of cold lately ? No , I haven ' t had a cold . I just have a heavy feeling in my chest when I try to breathe . Do you have any allergies that you know of ?
Have you had any type of cold lately ? No , I haven ' t had a cold . I just have a heavy feeling in my chest when I try to breathe . Do you have any allergies that you know of ? No , I don ' t have any allergies that I know of .
No , I haven ' t had a cold . I just have a heavy feeling in my chest when I try to breathe . Do you have any allergies that you know of ? No , I don ' t have any allergies that I know of . Does this happen all the time or mostly when you are active ?
Do you have any allergies that you know of ? No , I don ' t have any allergies that I know of . Does this happen all the time or mostly when you are active ? It happens a lot when I work out .
No , I don ' t have any allergies that I know of . Does this happen all the time or mostly when you are active ? It happens a lot when I work out . I am going to send you to a pulmonary specialist who can run tests on you for asthma .
Harry , come here immediately ! What ? Don't take that tone with me ! I saw you hit your brother . No ! He hit me first .
Emergency road service . May I help you ? I have a flat tyre . All right . What's your membership card , please ? 489 3362 1978 .
I have a flat tyre . All right . What's your membership card , please ? 489 3362 1978 . And your name ?
All right . What's your membership card , please ? 489 3362 1978 . And your name ? Eve .
489 3362 1978 . And your name ? Eve . What's the expiration date on your card ?
And your name ? Eve . What's the expiration date on your card ? It's July 16,2009 .
Eve . What's the expiration date on your card ? It's July 16,2009 . Where is your car now ?
What's the expiration date on your card ? It's July 16,2009 . Where is your car now ? It's on the west street , near Royal Hotel .
It's July 16,2009 . Where is your car now ? It's on the west street , near Royal Hotel . And which direction were you going ?
Where is your car now ? It's on the west street , near Royal Hotel . And which direction were you going ? I was going west .
It's on the west street , near Royal Hotel . And which direction were you going ? I was going west . What is the make and model of your car ?
And which direction were you going ? I was going west . What is the make and model of your car ? BMW 530 .
I was going west . What is the make and model of your car ? BMW 530 . What color is it ?
What is the make and model of your car ? BMW 530 . What color is it ? It's red .
BMW 530 . What color is it ? It's red . What's your licence plate number ?
What color is it ? It's red . What's your licence plate number ? SAY 201 .
Oh , I ' m staving . I ' d like to try some real Chinese cuisine . What would you recommend waiter ? Well , depends . You see , there are eight famous Chinese food cuisines , for instance , sichuan cuisine and HUNAN cuisine . There're all spicy or hot of heard . That ' s right . If you have hot dishes , you can try some .
Well , depends . You see , there are eight famous Chinese food cuisines , for instance , sichuan cuisine and HUNAN cuisine . There're all spicy or hot of heard . That ' s right . If you have hot dishes , you can try some . It might be too hot for me .
There're all spicy or hot of heard . That ' s right . If you have hot dishes , you can try some . It might be too hot for me . And there are Cantonese cuisine and Kiangsu cuisine .. Most people like them .
That ' s right . If you have hot dishes , you can try some . It might be too hot for me . And there are Cantonese cuisine and Kiangsu cuisine .. Most people like them . What about any special Beijing dishes ?
It might be too hot for me . And there are Cantonese cuisine and Kiangsu cuisine .. Most people like them . What about any special Beijing dishes ? There ' re Beijing roast duck .
And there are Cantonese cuisine and Kiangsu cuisine .. Most people like them . What about any special Beijing dishes ? There ' re Beijing roast duck . OH , yes . I heard of a lot of about it . I like very much to try it . Where can I find it ?
What about any special Beijing dishes ? There ' re Beijing roast duck . OH , yes . I heard of a lot of about it . I like very much to try it . Where can I find it ? You can find it in most restaurant . The best place certainly is Quanjude restaurant .
There ' re Beijing roast duck . OH , yes . I heard of a lot of about it . I like very much to try it . Where can I find it ? You can find it in most restaurant . The best place certainly is Quanjude restaurant . Is it near here ?
OH , yes . I heard of a lot of about it . I like very much to try it . Where can I find it ? You can find it in most restaurant . The best place certainly is Quanjude restaurant . Is it near here ? Not too near but not too far either . A taxi will take you there in fifteen minutes . the traffic is not too bad , I mean .
You can find it in most restaurant . The best place certainly is Quanjude restaurant . Is it near here ? Not too near but not too far either . A taxi will take you there in fifteen minutes . the traffic is not too bad , I mean . Well , thank you for your information . What ' s the name of that restaurant again ?
Is it near here ? Not too near but not too far either . A taxi will take you there in fifteen minutes . the traffic is not too bad , I mean . Well , thank you for your information . What ' s the name of that restaurant again ? Let me write it down on a piece of paper for you . You can show to the taxi driver .
Hello , Can I speak to Tom , please ? I'm afraid he is not in at the moment . May I ask what time he will come back ? I think he will come back at 3 p . m . Do you want to call later ? Or would you like to leave a message for him ?
I'm afraid he is not in at the moment . May I ask what time he will come back ? I think he will come back at 3 p . m . Do you want to call later ? Or would you like to leave a message for him ? I'd like to leave a message . Please ask him to call me back as soon as he returns . I'm A and he has my number .
May I ask what time he will come back ? I think he will come back at 3 p . m . Do you want to call later ? Or would you like to leave a message for him ? I'd like to leave a message . Please ask him to call me back as soon as he returns . I'm A and he has my number . OK . I will do that .
I think he will come back at 3 p . m . Do you want to call later ? Or would you like to leave a message for him ? I'd like to leave a message . Please ask him to call me back as soon as he returns . I'm A and he has my number . OK . I will do that . Thank you very much . Bye .
What would you have ? I'll try Chinese wine . What about this dry red ? It's good indeed , it never goes to the head . OK . Give me one , please .
I'll try Chinese wine . What about this dry red ? It's good indeed , it never goes to the head . OK . Give me one , please . Here it is .
What about this dry red ? It's good indeed , it never goes to the head . OK . Give me one , please . Here it is . Thank you .
Peter , go and tidy up your toys now . Wait a moment , mom . I'm mad ! I said now ! Turn off the TV , and do it now . Mom , just ten more minutes . The show is going to be over soon .
Hello Mr . Jones , please have a seat . Thank you for coming in today . I have read your resume . You completed University in England ? Yes , I went to Cambridge . After graduation , I started right away into the advertising industry . Later , I made a bit of a switch to focus on marketing research . So , what experience do you have ? I have ten years marketing experience . This includes both entry level and management positions . In my last position , I worked my way up to being director of the marking department .
Yes , I went to Cambridge . After graduation , I started right away into the advertising industry . Later , I made a bit of a switch to focus on marketing research . So , what experience do you have ? I have ten years marketing experience . This includes both entry level and management positions . In my last position , I worked my way up to being director of the marking department . I can see that from your resume . Your last position was marketing director for a pharmaceutical company , is that right ? Later , why did you decide to leave your former post ?
So , what experience do you have ? I have ten years marketing experience . This includes both entry level and management positions . In my last position , I worked my way up to being director of the marking department . I can see that from your resume . Your last position was marketing director for a pharmaceutical company , is that right ? Later , why did you decide to leave your former post ? I felt after five years in one place , I was ready for something new . I would like to have a job that is challenging , something that I can see and do new things every day . I loved many things about my former job , and I left with amiable feelings on both sides . I was just ready for something new .
I have ten years marketing experience . This includes both entry level and management positions . In my last position , I worked my way up to being director of the marking department . I can see that from your resume . Your last position was marketing director for a pharmaceutical company , is that right ? Later , why did you decide to leave your former post ? I felt after five years in one place , I was ready for something new . I would like to have a job that is challenging , something that I can see and do new things every day . I loved many things about my former job , and I left with amiable feelings on both sides . I was just ready for something new . I see . Do you want to work full-time or part-time ?
I can see that from your resume . Your last position was marketing director for a pharmaceutical company , is that right ? Later , why did you decide to leave your former post ? I felt after five years in one place , I was ready for something new . I would like to have a job that is challenging , something that I can see and do new things every day . I loved many things about my former job , and I left with amiable feelings on both sides . I was just ready for something new . I see . Do you want to work full-time or part-time ? I would rather work full-time .
I felt after five years in one place , I was ready for something new . I would like to have a job that is challenging , something that I can see and do new things every day . I loved many things about my former job , and I left with amiable feelings on both sides . I was just ready for something new . I see . Do you want to work full-time or part-time ? I would rather work full-time . I'll make note of that . Now , what are your salary expectations ?
Welcome to the McDonald's . What will it be for you , madam ? One Big Mac and French Fries . Is there anything else ? Give me one coke , please .
One Big Mac and French Fries . Is there anything else ? Give me one coke , please . Is this to go or to eat here ?
Is there anything else ? Give me one coke , please . Is this to go or to eat here ? To go , please .
Give me one coke , please . Is this to go or to eat here ? To go , please . That comes to four dollars and ten cents .
Is this to go or to eat here ? To go , please . That comes to four dollars and ten cents . And can I have some ketchup , please ?
How may I help you today ? I need to open a second account . What kind of account would you like to open ? I need another savings account .
I need to open a second account . What kind of account would you like to open ? I need another savings account . Do you have another account with us ?
What kind of account would you like to open ? I need another savings account . Do you have another account with us ? I sure do .
I need another savings account . Do you have another account with us ? I sure do . Would you like to transfer money from that account into your new one ?
Do you have another account with us ? I sure do . Would you like to transfer money from that account into your new one ? That ' s fine .
I sure do . Would you like to transfer money from that account into your new one ? That ' s fine . How much would you like to transfer ?
Would you like to transfer money from that account into your new one ? That ' s fine . How much would you like to transfer ? Transfer $ 100 .
That ' s fine . How much would you like to transfer ? Transfer $ 100 . Give me a moment while I complete your transaction .
What are you doing here today ? I would like to fight my ticket . Is the arresting officer in the courtroom today ? Yes , the officer is here today .
I would like to fight my ticket . Is the arresting officer in the courtroom today ? Yes , the officer is here today . What's your case ?
Is the arresting officer in the courtroom today ? Yes , the officer is here today . What's your case ? I was pulled over for running a red light , but I never did .
Yes , the officer is here today . What's your case ? I was pulled over for running a red light , but I never did . Do you believe that the officer lied ?
What's your case ? I was pulled over for running a red light , but I never did . Do you believe that the officer lied ? There was a camera on the signal . So , he was obviously lying .
I was pulled over for running a red light , but I never did . Do you believe that the officer lied ? There was a camera on the signal . So , he was obviously lying . Your license plate was caught on camera ?
Do you believe that the officer lied ? There was a camera on the signal . So , he was obviously lying . Your license plate was caught on camera ? A picture of my license plate was never taken .
There was a camera on the signal . So , he was obviously lying . Your license plate was caught on camera ? A picture of my license plate was never taken . Since there is no picture of your license plate on record , I'm going to let you go .
Why is the car before us stopping ? What's going on ? Look . Two cars are standing right in the middle of the road and the drivers are shouting rude words to each other . That's why that car stops . More and more people easily get irritated while driving .
I think that you look very cute today . Is that right ? This is a brand new outfit . What store did you get it from ? I went to Macy's and picked it out .
Is that right ? This is a brand new outfit . What store did you get it from ? I went to Macy's and picked it out . I love your outfit right now .
What store did you get it from ? I went to Macy's and picked it out . I love your outfit right now . Well , I think you look nice today too .
I went to Macy's and picked it out . I love your outfit right now . Well , I think you look nice today too . Thanks . I found these new shoes earlier at the store .
I love your outfit right now . Well , I think you look nice today too . Thanks . I found these new shoes earlier at the store . I think that those are some really nice shoes . What kind are they ?
Well , I think you look nice today too . Thanks . I found these new shoes earlier at the store . I think that those are some really nice shoes . What kind are they ? These are Chucks .
Thanks . I found these new shoes earlier at the store . I think that those are some really nice shoes . What kind are they ? These are Chucks . Your shoes look really nice . How much did you get them for ?
I think that those are some really nice shoes . What kind are they ? These are Chucks . Your shoes look really nice . How much did you get them for ? They only cost me about forty dollars .
Excuse me . I have just missed the connection plane due to the heavy fog in London . Can I change my ticket now ? Please Show your ticket and passport . Here you are . Which flight do you want to change ?
Could I see the manager please ? I have a complaint to make . Yes , I ' m the manager here . What can I do for you , Madam ? Did you have the room checked before we move in ? Which room are you in ?
Yes , I ' m the manager here . What can I do for you , Madam ? Did you have the room checked before we move in ? Which room are you in ? 1808 . The toilet doesn ' t work properly ; the water doesn ' t run in the shower .
shall we dance ? sure . i suppose you dance much . oh . no as a matter of fact , i haven't danced for a long time . but i can see you dance wonderfully well .
sure . i suppose you dance much . oh . no as a matter of fact , i haven't danced for a long time . but i can see you dance wonderfully well . thanks for flattering me .  i think you dance much right ?
oh . no as a matter of fact , i haven't danced for a long time . but i can see you dance wonderfully well . thanks for flattering me .  i think you dance much right ? no , just occasionally
but i can see you dance wonderfully well . thanks for flattering me .  i think you dance much right ? no , just occasionally oh , i like this music very much , let's tango .
Is everything to your satisfaction ? No , the steak was recommended , but it is not very fresh . Oh , sorry to hear that . This is quite unusual . I will look into the matter . This is very annoying .
No , the steak was recommended , but it is not very fresh . Oh , sorry to hear that . This is quite unusual . I will look into the matter . This is very annoying . I'm sorry , sir . Do you wish to try something else ? That would be on the house , of course .
Oh , sorry to hear that . This is quite unusual . I will look into the matter . This is very annoying . I'm sorry , sir . Do you wish to try something else ? That would be on the house , of course . No , I don't risk it .
This is very annoying . I'm sorry , sir . Do you wish to try something else ? That would be on the house , of course . No , I don't risk it . How about a delicious dessert then , with our compliment ?
I'm sorry , sir . Do you wish to try something else ? That would be on the house , of course . No , I don't risk it . How about a delicious dessert then , with our compliment ? I'm not keen on dessert as a habit . They are fattening .
You're looking rather pale , why ? I couldn't sleep well recently . You'd get plenty of sleep for you work so hard . I always drink too much wine in the evening .
I couldn't sleep well recently . You'd get plenty of sleep for you work so hard . I always drink too much wine in the evening . You shan't drink more wine in the evening .
You'd get plenty of sleep for you work so hard . I always drink too much wine in the evening . You shan't drink more wine in the evening . Yes , you are right .
I always drink too much wine in the evening . You shan't drink more wine in the evening . Yes , you are right . And you'd take some exercise every day .
Ahhs ! I'm beat ! What happened to you ? You look like you got hit by a tornado ! I just got back from fighting the crowds . You mean at the mall ? Was there a sale ?
What happened to you ? You look like you got hit by a tornado ! I just got back from fighting the crowds . You mean at the mall ? Was there a sale ? Yeah . For five minutes , everything was half off . It was total chaos ...
I just got back from fighting the crowds . You mean at the mall ? Was there a sale ? Yeah . For five minutes , everything was half off . It was total chaos ... Cool !
Right , let me run through your options . You can go ahead and cash your undue Large-Amount Deposit Certificate if you really want to , but I'd recommend a Personal Durable Commodities Loan . OK , what does that entail ? It's not too much trouble to do it this way and remember , your certificate is due in 2 months . If you can hold on to it , it'll be much better for your finances . Yes , it does seem a little silly to cash it now . I'll probably need about 25,000 RIB . Will that be a problem ?
OK , what does that entail ? It's not too much trouble to do it this way and remember , your certificate is due in 2 months . If you can hold on to it , it'll be much better for your finances . Yes , it does seem a little silly to cash it now . I'll probably need about 25,000 RIB . Will that be a problem ? Not at all , Mr Zu . As the certificate is due in 2 months , you can get the loan on mortgage of that certificate .
It's not too much trouble to do it this way and remember , your certificate is due in 2 months . If you can hold on to it , it'll be much better for your finances . Yes , it does seem a little silly to cash it now . I'll probably need about 25,000 RIB . Will that be a problem ? Not at all , Mr Zu . As the certificate is due in 2 months , you can get the loan on mortgage of that certificate . I'm glad you thought of this . I'd have just gone ahead and cashed it ! And I suppose I can use the money from the certificate to pay back this Personal Durable Commodities Loan and I won't lose any interest , right ?
Yes , it does seem a little silly to cash it now . I'll probably need about 25,000 RIB . Will that be a problem ? Not at all , Mr Zu . As the certificate is due in 2 months , you can get the loan on mortgage of that certificate . I'm glad you thought of this . I'd have just gone ahead and cashed it ! And I suppose I can use the money from the certificate to pay back this Personal Durable Commodities Loan and I won't lose any interest , right ? Exactly right . If you'd like to go ahead , I can process that for you now , Mr Zu .
Look , Mary ! There are so many people over there ! Oh , I remember , there is a job fair in the personnel market . I have never been to the personnel market . Really ? I have been there several times .
Oh , I remember , there is a job fair in the personnel market . I have never been to the personnel market . Really ? I have been there several times . Are there many employers ?
I have never been to the personnel market . Really ? I have been there several times . Are there many employers ? Yes . The personnel market is a place specially for job-hunters and employers .
Really ? I have been there several times . Are there many employers ? Yes . The personnel market is a place specially for job-hunters and employers . So there will be many large companies in the personnel market , right ?
Are there many employers ? Yes . The personnel market is a place specially for job-hunters and employers . So there will be many large companies in the personnel market , right ? Yes , there are many famous corporations .
Yes . The personnel market is a place specially for job-hunters and employers . So there will be many large companies in the personnel market , right ? Yes , there are many famous corporations . When will there be a job fair ?
So there will be many large companies in the personnel market , right ? Yes , there are many famous corporations . When will there be a job fair ? Every Saturday and Sunday
Yes , there are many famous corporations . When will there be a job fair ? Every Saturday and Sunday Do I need to pay to go into the personnel market ?
When will there be a job fair ? Every Saturday and Sunday Do I need to pay to go into the personnel market ? No , it's free .
Every Saturday and Sunday Do I need to pay to go into the personnel market ? No , it's free . How about going there to have a look now ?
Now people are talking about world recession which started more than a year ago . Can you give us your personal assessment of the situation of the global economy ? As you know , we are in a very special time . This is a very hard time for many countries ' economics , both developed and developing . I think the current economic situation could be described as synchronized slowdown of major economies . What is the direct impact of the terrorist attack upon your country's economy ? Once the US economy is in trouble due to the terrorist attack , the impact could be quickly felt in the rest of the world .
As you know , we are in a very special time . This is a very hard time for many countries ' economics , both developed and developing . I think the current economic situation could be described as synchronized slowdown of major economies . What is the direct impact of the terrorist attack upon your country's economy ? Once the US economy is in trouble due to the terrorist attack , the impact could be quickly felt in the rest of the world . What challenges is your country's economy facing at the moment ?
Come in and sit down . Thanks , Mr . Liang . Among all the assistants , I think you're on top of it . Based on the annual evaluation , the board of directors decided to give you a bonus . Really ? I am too happy .
Thanks , Mr . Liang . Among all the assistants , I think you're on top of it . Based on the annual evaluation , the board of directors decided to give you a bonus . Really ? I am too happy . I've been reviewing your work over the past few months . Thanks to your excellent work , we benefit much from your project . And you should get the perfect attendance award too .
Among all the assistants , I think you're on top of it . Based on the annual evaluation , the board of directors decided to give you a bonus . Really ? I am too happy . I've been reviewing your work over the past few months . Thanks to your excellent work , we benefit much from your project . And you should get the perfect attendance award too . Thanks for your trust . Owing to my colleagues ' help , I've successfully completed my task .
Really ? I am too happy . I've been reviewing your work over the past few months . Thanks to your excellent work , we benefit much from your project . And you should get the perfect attendance award too . Thanks for your trust . Owing to my colleagues ' help , I've successfully completed my task . You are very modest and diligent . The distribution of bonus derived from the performance evaluation . You deserve it .
I like Chinese food . I like Chinese food , too . I like dumplings best . At school , we sometimes have Chinese food for lunch . That's good . We eat Chinese food only at the Chinese restaurant .
I like Chinese food , too . I like dumplings best . At school , we sometimes have Chinese food for lunch . That's good . We eat Chinese food only at the Chinese restaurant . My mother can make some Chinese food .
So , what do you plan to do today ? There is a Matisse exhibition at the Museum of Modern Art . Larry and I will go . Did you buy tickets already ? No . Do we need tickets ?
There is a Matisse exhibition at the Museum of Modern Art . Larry and I will go . Did you buy tickets already ? No . Do we need tickets ? Well , probably . Probably you will have to wait in line if you don't have tickets .
Did you buy tickets already ? No . Do we need tickets ? Well , probably . Probably you will have to wait in line if you don't have tickets . Outside or inside ?
No . Do we need tickets ? Well , probably . Probably you will have to wait in line if you don't have tickets . Outside or inside ? Outside , on the sidewalk .
Well , probably . Probably you will have to wait in line if you don't have tickets . Outside or inside ? Outside , on the sidewalk . Hmm . It's very cold today . But I brought my jacket . Maybe it will be alright to wait .
Outside or inside ? Outside , on the sidewalk . Hmm . It's very cold today . But I brought my jacket . Maybe it will be alright to wait . The MYOMA is very popular . There will be a lot of people .
Outside , on the sidewalk . Hmm . It's very cold today . But I brought my jacket . Maybe it will be alright to wait . The MYOMA is very popular . There will be a lot of people . MYOMA ? What's that ?
Hmm . It's very cold today . But I brought my jacket . Maybe it will be alright to wait . The MYOMA is very popular . There will be a lot of people . MYOMA ? What's that ? Oh , sorry . It stands for the Museum of Modern Art . It's an acronym . M O M A MYOMA .
The MYOMA is very popular . There will be a lot of people . MYOMA ? What's that ? Oh , sorry . It stands for the Museum of Modern Art . It's an acronym . M O M A MYOMA . I see . Do you have any suggestions for other things we should do ?
MYOMA ? What's that ? Oh , sorry . It stands for the Museum of Modern Art . It's an acronym . M O M A MYOMA . I see . Do you have any suggestions for other things we should do ? I suggest you go to the Jewish Museum . It ' s not far from the Guggenheim , near Central Park . It is really very interesting . Also , there is a great museum of medieval European art further up north . It ' s called the Cloisters .
Oh , sorry . It stands for the Museum of Modern Art . It's an acronym . M O M A MYOMA . I see . Do you have any suggestions for other things we should do ? I suggest you go to the Jewish Museum . It ' s not far from the Guggenheim , near Central Park . It is really very interesting . Also , there is a great museum of medieval European art further up north . It ' s called the Cloisters . How can we get up there ?
I see . Do you have any suggestions for other things we should do ? I suggest you go to the Jewish Museum . It ' s not far from the Guggenheim , near Central Park . It is really very interesting . Also , there is a great museum of medieval European art further up north . It ' s called the Cloisters . How can we get up there ? You can take a bus .
What kind of place shall we rent ? It should be close to the university . Neither of us are good at getting up in the mornings and closer it is , the later we can get up . Absolutely . That's the most important thing to take into consideration . I'm not too worried about the size of the flat . Neither am I . so a small place is ok , but we'll get a bigger one if it's not expensive . Do you mind if it's in a noisy area .
It should be close to the university . Neither of us are good at getting up in the mornings and closer it is , the later we can get up . Absolutely . That's the most important thing to take into consideration . I'm not too worried about the size of the flat . Neither am I . so a small place is ok , but we'll get a bigger one if it's not expensive . Do you mind if it's in a noisy area . I don't mind . I'm not a light sleeper , but quieter is better for when we have to study at home .
Absolutely . That's the most important thing to take into consideration . I'm not too worried about the size of the flat . Neither am I . so a small place is ok , but we'll get a bigger one if it's not expensive . Do you mind if it's in a noisy area . I don't mind . I'm not a light sleeper , but quieter is better for when we have to study at home . Good point . Ok , let's go to the estate agent and see what they can offer us .
Neither am I . so a small place is ok , but we'll get a bigger one if it's not expensive . Do you mind if it's in a noisy area . I don't mind . I'm not a light sleeper , but quieter is better for when we have to study at home . Good point . Ok , let's go to the estate agent and see what they can offer us . Yes , if we're lucky we'll find something in the next few days . I think you had a good idea to start flat hunting early .
I don't mind . I'm not a light sleeper , but quieter is better for when we have to study at home . Good point . Ok , let's go to the estate agent and see what they can offer us . Yes , if we're lucky we'll find something in the next few days . I think you had a good idea to start flat hunting early . How much do you think the rent will be ?
Excuse me . May I take you a picture ? With pleasure . Thanks you . Shall we stand a bit further ? I would like to take the tower in . No problem .
With pleasure . Thanks you . Shall we stand a bit further ? I would like to take the tower in . No problem . That's OK . If you want the photo I will mail it to you .
Do you develop films here ? Yes , we shall . What size do you like ? Well , the 4 x 6 is fine . Which do you prefer , color or black and white ?
Yes , we shall . What size do you like ? Well , the 4 x 6 is fine . Which do you prefer , color or black and white ? The last one is black and white , all the rest should need color .
Well , the 4 x 6 is fine . Which do you prefer , color or black and white ? The last one is black and white , all the rest should need color . OK .
Which do you prefer , color or black and white ? The last one is black and white , all the rest should need color . OK . I hope they will come out well . When should I pick them up ?
The last one is black and white , all the rest should need color . OK . I hope they will come out well . When should I pick them up ? They will be ready at noon tomorrow . Each negative develops one print , right ?
OK . I hope they will come out well . When should I pick them up ? They will be ready at noon tomorrow . Each negative develops one print , right ? Yes , it is . And develop them as glossy as possible .
I hope they will come out well . When should I pick them up ? They will be ready at noon tomorrow . Each negative develops one print , right ? Yes , it is . And develop them as glossy as possible . No problem . Do you need another film ?
They will be ready at noon tomorrow . Each negative develops one print , right ? Yes , it is . And develop them as glossy as possible . No problem . Do you need another film ? Yes , a roll of Kodak film please .
the air quality in this city is horrendous ! The pollution levels were so high that we weren't supposed to go outside with a face mask again ! exhaust fumes from vehicles cause a great deal of damage to the environment . on top of that , there are a few large chemical factories in the suburbs , which are contributing to the high pollution levels in the water and the air in this city . as much as I love this city , I think I'm going to have to find a greener city to live in . Living in a polluted city like this just can't be good for my health .
exhaust fumes from vehicles cause a great deal of damage to the environment . on top of that , there are a few large chemical factories in the suburbs , which are contributing to the high pollution levels in the water and the air in this city . as much as I love this city , I think I'm going to have to find a greener city to live in . Living in a polluted city like this just can't be good for my health . I know what you mean . However , there are so few places left that have not been affected by global warming . If it's not the pollution , then it's the natural disasters , deforestation , or the greenhouse
on top of that , there are a few large chemical factories in the suburbs , which are contributing to the high pollution levels in the water and the air in this city . as much as I love this city , I think I'm going to have to find a greener city to live in . Living in a polluted city like this just can't be good for my health . I know what you mean . However , there are so few places left that have not been affected by global warming . If it's not the pollution , then it's the natural disasters , deforestation , or the greenhouse what is the greenhouse effect exactly ?
as much as I love this city , I think I'm going to have to find a greener city to live in . Living in a polluted city like this just can't be good for my health . I know what you mean . However , there are so few places left that have not been affected by global warming . If it's not the pollution , then it's the natural disasters , deforestation , or the greenhouse what is the greenhouse effect exactly ? it's the gradual rise in the earth's temperature .
I know what you mean . However , there are so few places left that have not been affected by global warming . If it's not the pollution , then it's the natural disasters , deforestation , or the greenhouse what is the greenhouse effect exactly ? it's the gradual rise in the earth's temperature . I see , so it's similar to global warming ?
what is the greenhouse effect exactly ? it's the gradual rise in the earth's temperature . I see , so it's similar to global warming ? they're related to one another , yes .
it's the gradual rise in the earth's temperature . I see , so it's similar to global warming ? they're related to one another , yes . I heard that some people in England are pleased with the fact that the climate is becoming warmer because it's making their towns a more pleasant place to live .
I see , so it's similar to global warming ? they're related to one another , yes . I heard that some people in England are pleased with the fact that the climate is becoming warmer because it's making their towns a more pleasant place to live . people joke about the benefits of the increase in temperature , but it's not all good news . They've been experiencing a lot of deadly storms there as well .
they're related to one another , yes . I heard that some people in England are pleased with the fact that the climate is becoming warmer because it's making their towns a more pleasant place to live . people joke about the benefits of the increase in temperature , but it's not all good news . They've been experiencing a lot of deadly storms there as well . people always seem to make jokes as a way to deal with unfortunate situations .
I think this spring is a good time for us to start looking . We should plan to move out of here before July . I'm tired of living in apartments . I know , dear . I am too . But we've just been too busy to look for a house . We need to find a good realtor .
We should plan to move out of here before July . I'm tired of living in apartments . I know , dear . I am too . But we've just been too busy to look for a house . We need to find a good realtor . Not necessarily . If we use a realtor to find a house , it will be more expensive .
I know , dear . I am too . But we've just been too busy to look for a house . We need to find a good realtor . Not necessarily . If we use a realtor to find a house , it will be more expensive . What do you mean ?
We need to find a good realtor . Not necessarily . If we use a realtor to find a house , it will be more expensive . What do you mean ? Realtors always get a commission . If the realtor helps us find something , we have to pay him .
Not necessarily . If we use a realtor to find a house , it will be more expensive . What do you mean ? Realtors always get a commission . If the realtor helps us find something , we have to pay him . But doesn't a realtor help with the contract ? I thought they take care of all the legal troubles .
What do you mean ? Realtors always get a commission . If the realtor helps us find something , we have to pay him . But doesn't a realtor help with the contract ? I thought they take care of all the legal troubles . Yes , that's often true . But you have to pay them .
Realtors always get a commission . If the realtor helps us find something , we have to pay him . But doesn't a realtor help with the contract ? I thought they take care of all the legal troubles . Yes , that's often true . But you have to pay them . I still think we should have a realtor . We ' re new in this country . We don't know all the laws of buying a house . And also , the realtor will inspect the house . He can tell us if the house has
But doesn't a realtor help with the contract ? I thought they take care of all the legal troubles . Yes , that's often true . But you have to pay them . I still think we should have a realtor . We ' re new in this country . We don't know all the laws of buying a house . And also , the realtor will inspect the house . He can tell us if the house has Of course we need a home inspector . But we can hire an inspector on our own . And as for the legal problems , I have friends . They can help us .
Yes , that's often true . But you have to pay them . I still think we should have a realtor . We ' re new in this country . We don't know all the laws of buying a house . And also , the realtor will inspect the house . He can tell us if the house has Of course we need a home inspector . But we can hire an inspector on our own . And as for the legal problems , I have friends . They can help us . So how can we find a house if we don't have a realtor ?
I still think we should have a realtor . We ' re new in this country . We don't know all the laws of buying a house . And also , the realtor will inspect the house . He can tell us if the house has Of course we need a home inspector . But we can hire an inspector on our own . And as for the legal problems , I have friends . They can help us . So how can we find a house if we don't have a realtor ? It takes a little more time . We have to check the ads in the paper . Probably also there are special real estate magazines with ads . Then we have to drive to the homes and look at them .
Of course we need a home inspector . But we can hire an inspector on our own . And as for the legal problems , I have friends . They can help us . So how can we find a house if we don't have a realtor ? It takes a little more time . We have to check the ads in the paper . Probably also there are special real estate magazines with ads . Then we have to drive to the homes and look at them . And doesn't the person selling the house have a realtor ?
So how can we find a house if we don't have a realtor ? It takes a little more time . We have to check the ads in the paper . Probably also there are special real estate magazines with ads . Then we have to drive to the homes and look at them . And doesn't the person selling the house have a realtor ? Sometimes they do , sometimes they don't . It's best to find someone who is selling by themselves .
It takes a little more time . We have to check the ads in the paper . Probably also there are special real estate magazines with ads . Then we have to drive to the homes and look at them . And doesn't the person selling the house have a realtor ? Sometimes they do , sometimes they don't . It's best to find someone who is selling by themselves . Why ?
And doesn't the person selling the house have a realtor ? Sometimes they do , sometimes they don't . It's best to find someone who is selling by themselves . Why ? Because if the seller has a realtor , their price will be higher . He will have to pay a commission to the realtor .
Sometimes they do , sometimes they don't . It's best to find someone who is selling by themselves . Why ? Because if the seller has a realtor , their price will be higher . He will have to pay a commission to the realtor . Hmm . It all sounds very complicated .
Why ? Because if the seller has a realtor , their price will be higher . He will have to pay a commission to the realtor . Hmm . It all sounds very complicated . It is . But buying a house is very important . So it takes time . That ' s why we haven't done it yet . It's very troublesome .
Because if the seller has a realtor , their price will be higher . He will have to pay a commission to the realtor . Hmm . It all sounds very complicated . It is . But buying a house is very important . So it takes time . That ' s why we haven't done it yet . It's very troublesome . I want to look in the papers today . Maybe we can see something we like .
Hello , Fred . What are you doing ? I'm doing the business online . Can you tell me the concept of e-commerce ? Now , many people mentioned the word , ' e-commerce ' , in front of me . E-commerce , or Electronic Commerce is the practice of purchasing and selling products or services over the Internet .
I'm doing the business online . Can you tell me the concept of e-commerce ? Now , many people mentioned the word , ' e-commerce ' , in front of me . E-commerce , or Electronic Commerce is the practice of purchasing and selling products or services over the Internet . What kinds of channels can you use in e-commerce ?
Can you tell me the concept of e-commerce ? Now , many people mentioned the word , ' e-commerce ' , in front of me . E-commerce , or Electronic Commerce is the practice of purchasing and selling products or services over the Internet . What kinds of channels can you use in e-commerce ? We can complete a trade by email , electronic data interchange and smart cards , and so on .
E-commerce , or Electronic Commerce is the practice of purchasing and selling products or services over the Internet . What kinds of channels can you use in e-commerce ? We can complete a trade by email , electronic data interchange and smart cards , and so on . What are the benefits of e-commerce ?
What kinds of channels can you use in e-commerce ? We can complete a trade by email , electronic data interchange and smart cards , and so on . What are the benefits of e-commerce ? Firstly , it can overcome the geographic limitation . And secondly , e-commerce can lower the internal costs . And thirdly , people like us , can also open stores on Internet .
What are we going to do ? I can't get the car out of this ditch . I'm stuck ! I'm worried , Tom . I haven't seen any other cars for almost an hour . I know . This is terrible . What can we do ? This snow doesn't stop falling ! I told you we should have stayed in town today . The weather report said 100 percent chance of snow . Why did you want to come up here ?
I'm worried , Tom . I haven't seen any other cars for almost an hour . I know . This is terrible . What can we do ? This snow doesn't stop falling ! I told you we should have stayed in town today . The weather report said 100 percent chance of snow . Why did you want to come up here ? I wanted to show you the cabin . We only had another half-hour to go .
I know . This is terrible . What can we do ? This snow doesn't stop falling ! I told you we should have stayed in town today . The weather report said 100 percent chance of snow . Why did you want to come up here ? I wanted to show you the cabin . We only had another half-hour to go . Well , now we're stuck . What can we do ?
I told you we should have stayed in town today . The weather report said 100 percent chance of snow . Why did you want to come up here ? I wanted to show you the cabin . We only had another half-hour to go . Well , now we're stuck . What can we do ? I don't know .
I wanted to show you the cabin . We only had another half-hour to go . Well , now we're stuck . What can we do ? I don't know . I've heard that when this happens , it's important to save energy .
Well , now we're stuck . What can we do ? I don't know . I've heard that when this happens , it's important to save energy . What do you mean ?
I don't know . I've heard that when this happens , it's important to save energy . What do you mean ? We're stranded here , Tom . We may be here a long time . We need to conserve the gas in the car . The car's energy is what will keep us warm .
I've heard that when this happens , it's important to save energy . What do you mean ? We're stranded here , Tom . We may be here a long time . We need to conserve the gas in the car . The car's energy is what will keep us warm . I have plenty of gas .
What do you mean ? We're stranded here , Tom . We may be here a long time . We need to conserve the gas in the car . The car's energy is what will keep us warm . I have plenty of gas . Yes , but the gas and the battery both have to stay working . We can't just let the car run and run . If we do , it will die soon . Then we'll freeze .
We're stranded here , Tom . We may be here a long time . We need to conserve the gas in the car . The car's energy is what will keep us warm . I have plenty of gas . Yes , but the gas and the battery both have to stay working . We can't just let the car run and run . If we do , it will die soon . Then we'll freeze . So what can we do ?
I have plenty of gas . Yes , but the gas and the battery both have to stay working . We can't just let the car run and run . If we do , it will die soon . Then we'll freeze . So what can we do ? Turn the lights off . Then , run the car and the heater only about fifteen minutes every hour . That will conserve the heat as long as possible .
Yes , but the gas and the battery both have to stay working . We can't just let the car run and run . If we do , it will die soon . Then we'll freeze . So what can we do ? Turn the lights off . Then , run the car and the heater only about fifteen minutes every hour . That will conserve the heat as long as possible . Alright . That's a good idea .
So what can we do ? Turn the lights off . Then , run the car and the heater only about fifteen minutes every hour . That will conserve the heat as long as possible . Alright . That's a good idea . I wish we hadn't come up here . Now we'll probably be here for days .
Turn the lights off . Then , run the car and the heater only about fifteen minutes every hour . That will conserve the heat as long as possible . Alright . That's a good idea . I wish we hadn't come up here . Now we'll probably be here for days . Days ?
Alright . That's a good idea . I wish we hadn't come up here . Now we'll probably be here for days . Days ? Yes , it happens . That is what happens in big snowstorms . People get stranded for days .
I wish we hadn't come up here . Now we'll probably be here for days . Days ? Yes , it happens . That is what happens in big snowstorms . People get stranded for days . Oh , my God ! It's good we have food .
Can I borrow five bucks ? No ! Come on ! I'll pay you back on Tuesday . Last time I lent you money , you never paid me back .
No ! Come on ! I'll pay you back on Tuesday . Last time I lent you money , you never paid me back . I promise if you lend me five dollars today , I will repay you in full next week .
Come on ! I'll pay you back on Tuesday . Last time I lent you money , you never paid me back . I promise if you lend me five dollars today , I will repay you in full next week . Ok , but I'm taking your skateboard as collateral .
Last time I lent you money , you never paid me back . I promise if you lend me five dollars today , I will repay you in full next week . Ok , but I'm taking your skateboard as collateral . Fine ! I can't believe you don't trust me .
Mr . Li , I come to remind you of the meeting scheduled at 11 o'clock this morning . Oh , that's right . And the general manager asked me to report the company's sales for last year at the meeting . By the way , the meeting will be held in your office . OK , thank you very much .
What can I do for you today ? I need to buy a new refrigerator today . Were you looking at a particular refrigerator ? I like that Kenmore refrigerator .
I need to buy a new refrigerator today . Were you looking at a particular refrigerator ? I like that Kenmore refrigerator . This particular refrigerator is a very good choice .
Were you looking at a particular refrigerator ? I like that Kenmore refrigerator . This particular refrigerator is a very good choice . Tell me about it .
I like that Kenmore refrigerator . This particular refrigerator is a very good choice . Tell me about it . Not only is it affordable , but it comes with all the appliances .
This particular refrigerator is a very good choice . Tell me about it . Not only is it affordable , but it comes with all the appliances . What are the appliances .
Tell me about it . Not only is it affordable , but it comes with all the appliances . What are the appliances . It has an ice maker , water dispenser , and plenty of room on the inside .
Not only is it affordable , but it comes with all the appliances . What are the appliances . It has an ice maker , water dispenser , and plenty of room on the inside . I'd like to see it for myself .
What are the appliances . It has an ice maker , water dispenser , and plenty of room on the inside . I'd like to see it for myself . Go right ahead .
I often sneeze after having a bad itch inside my nose . Sometimes this is accompanied by an itching throat . Any other discomfort ? Yes . Sometimes I can notice a constriction in the chest and shortness of breath after a fit of sneezing . And I often suffer from a running nose with a profuse watery discharge . Does it occur seasonally or all year round ?
Any other discomfort ? Yes . Sometimes I can notice a constriction in the chest and shortness of breath after a fit of sneezing . And I often suffer from a running nose with a profuse watery discharge . Does it occur seasonally or all year round ? It has been seasonal during these past three years .
Yes . Sometimes I can notice a constriction in the chest and shortness of breath after a fit of sneezing . And I often suffer from a running nose with a profuse watery discharge . Does it occur seasonally or all year round ? It has been seasonal during these past three years . Are you sensitive to other things ?
Does it occur seasonally or all year round ? It has been seasonal during these past three years . Are you sensitive to other things ? Yes , things like seafood and penicillin-type drugs .
It has been seasonal during these past three years . Are you sensitive to other things ? Yes , things like seafood and penicillin-type drugs . OK . Let me examine your nose . According to your case history and the examination , I believe that it's allergic rhinitis .
Are you sensitive to other things ? Yes , things like seafood and penicillin-type drugs . OK . Let me examine your nose . According to your case history and the examination , I believe that it's allergic rhinitis . What useful treatment can you offer ?
We've been waiting here for nearly ten minutes now , and there still isn't a bus in sight . I'm afraid we'll be late for the party . Have you got the time , Tom ? Yes , my watch says a quarter to seven . but there is something wrong with my watch !
I'm afraid we'll be late for the party . Have you got the time , Tom ? Yes , my watch says a quarter to seven . but there is something wrong with my watch ! But you bought it only last month .
Have you got the time , Tom ? Yes , my watch says a quarter to seven . but there is something wrong with my watch ! But you bought it only last month . Yes , but ever since I bought it , it gains about five minutes a day , so I ' Ve got to have it repaired .
Yes , my watch says a quarter to seven . but there is something wrong with my watch ! But you bought it only last month . Yes , but ever since I bought it , it gains about five minutes a day , so I ' Ve got to have it repaired . How long will it take us to get there ?
But you bought it only last month . Yes , but ever since I bought it , it gains about five minutes a day , so I ' Ve got to have it repaired . How long will it take us to get there ? I think about ten minutes by bus .
Yes , but ever since I bought it , it gains about five minutes a day , so I ' Ve got to have it repaired . How long will it take us to get there ? I think about ten minutes by bus . It's not far away , then . Let's walk , it's beginning to rain .
Hello , could I speak to Allison , please ? I'm sorry ; he's out at the moment . When do you expect him back ? I think he'll be back in about an hour at least .
I'm sorry ; he's out at the moment . When do you expect him back ? I think he'll be back in about an hour at least . Well , may I leave a message ?
When do you expect him back ? I think he'll be back in about an hour at least . Well , may I leave a message ? Yes , of course .
I think he'll be back in about an hour at least . Well , may I leave a message ? Yes , of course . Would you please ask him to call Chris when he gets back ?
Well , may I leave a message ? Yes , of course . Would you please ask him to call Chris when he gets back ? Ok . Does he know your number ?
Yes , of course . Would you please ask him to call Chris when he gets back ? Ok . Does he know your number ? I'm afraid he doesn't . My mobile is 139- 2477 - 4026 .
You seem to be upset . What ' s eating you ? It ' s because of my son . Dick keeps getting on my nerves Dick ? How come ? He used to be as meek as a lamb . Yes , he used to be . But now he ' s drifting off track .
I'm about to run out of business cards . I need some new ones . We can print as many as you like . Just tell me how many . Two thousand should get me through the year . Here's a form to get you started .
We can print as many as you like . Just tell me how many . Two thousand should get me through the year . Here's a form to get you started . My old card is perfect , so all I want you to do is copy it exactly .
Two thousand should get me through the year . Here's a form to get you started . My old card is perfect , so all I want you to do is copy it exactly . I think you'll be very pleased with how well we duplicate your old card .
Here's a form to get you started . My old card is perfect , so all I want you to do is copy it exactly . I think you'll be very pleased with how well we duplicate your old card . ... Here you go
My old card is perfect , so all I want you to do is copy it exactly . I think you'll be very pleased with how well we duplicate your old card . ... Here you go Thanks . Come back here next Wednesday to pick up your order , please .
I think you'll be very pleased with how well we duplicate your old card . ... Here you go Thanks . Come back here next Wednesday to pick up your order , please . I'm sorry , but can you give me a three-day turnaround ?
How was your interview ? Pretty good . The HR manager asked me the usual questions . Then he wondered why I had decided to leave my previous job . What did you say ? I told him that I hadn ' t got a raise for three years . I also told him that one of my best co-workers quitted her job because she had not been promoted for eight years .
Pretty good . The HR manager asked me the usual questions . Then he wondered why I had decided to leave my previous job . What did you say ? I told him that I hadn ' t got a raise for three years . I also told him that one of my best co-workers quitted her job because she had not been promoted for eight years . Did he want to know the reasons ?
What did you say ? I told him that I hadn ' t got a raise for three years . I also told him that one of my best co-workers quitted her job because she had not been promoted for eight years . Did he want to know the reasons ? Yes . I told him that my boss made some excuses of the recession . But I thought he had a pattern and a record of promoting men only .
I told him that I hadn ' t got a raise for three years . I also told him that one of my best co-workers quitted her job because she had not been promoted for eight years . Did he want to know the reasons ? Yes . I told him that my boss made some excuses of the recession . But I thought he had a pattern and a record of promoting men only . That ' s sex discrimination . When will you get the reply ?
Did he want to know the reasons ? Yes . I told him that my boss made some excuses of the recession . But I thought he had a pattern and a record of promoting men only . That ' s sex discrimination . When will you get the reply ? In a couple of days , I was told .
Yes . I told him that my boss made some excuses of the recession . But I thought he had a pattern and a record of promoting men only . That ' s sex discrimination . When will you get the reply ? In a couple of days , I was told . Wish you good luck !
We are here . OK . How much is the fare ? The total is 45 yuan . 45 yuan ? It is too much , Are you sure ?
OK . How much is the fare ? The total is 45 yuan . 45 yuan ? It is too much , Are you sure ? It is 45 yuan on the meter .
The total is 45 yuan . 45 yuan ? It is too much , Are you sure ? It is 45 yuan on the meter . Is there something wrong with your meter ?
45 yuan ? It is too much , Are you sure ? It is 45 yuan on the meter . Is there something wrong with your meter ? No . I am sure about that .
It is 45 yuan on the meter . Is there something wrong with your meter ? No . I am sure about that . OK . Could you give me a receipt ?
Good morning , May . Good girl , you are reading English books again . Good morning . There is no reason to miss so beautiful a morning . Is that a new bird ? Oh , yes , my daughter bought it yesterday . We call her Lulu . It looks so cute . Is it a parrot ?
Good morning . There is no reason to miss so beautiful a morning . Is that a new bird ? Oh , yes , my daughter bought it yesterday . We call her Lulu . It looks so cute . Is it a parrot ? Yes . Just look at her colorful feathers . What else can it be ?
Oh , yes , my daughter bought it yesterday . We call her Lulu . It looks so cute . Is it a parrot ? Yes . Just look at her colorful feathers . What else can it be ? I see . It's interesting that there is also a parrot in my English book . His mane is Polly .
It looks so cute . Is it a parrot ? Yes . Just look at her colorful feathers . What else can it be ? I see . It's interesting that there is also a parrot in my English book . His mane is Polly . Really ? A foreign parrot !
Yes . Just look at her colorful feathers . What else can it be ? I see . It's interesting that there is also a parrot in my English book . His mane is Polly . Really ? A foreign parrot ! He can speak English , too .
I see . It's interesting that there is also a parrot in my English book . His mane is Polly . Really ? A foreign parrot ! He can speak English , too . Maybe you can teach Lulu some English words .
Good afternoon , madam . Is there anything I can do for you ? Yes , I spent so much time sightseeing here . It is already so late now . I am afraid I can't catch the last bus back to downtown . Don't worry . I will try to get a taxi for you . You can take it to the bus station . I am very grateful to your help .
Yes , I spent so much time sightseeing here . It is already so late now . I am afraid I can't catch the last bus back to downtown . Don't worry . I will try to get a taxi for you . You can take it to the bus station . I am very grateful to your help . Don't mention it . It is my duty .
David , we have been doing business for three years , haven't we ? Yes , I'm glad we've had very pleasant cooperation in the previous years . And your achievement for promoting our clothes was great in the three years . So , I wish to apply for the sole agency of your product in our local market . If you give us the agency , that will be more substantial for our cooperation . To be frank , you are not the only one who applies for an agent for us in your country . I'd like to know some ideas of terms on which you would be willing to operate as our agent .
Yes , I'm glad we've had very pleasant cooperation in the previous years . And your achievement for promoting our clothes was great in the three years . So , I wish to apply for the sole agency of your product in our local market . If you give us the agency , that will be more substantial for our cooperation . To be frank , you are not the only one who applies for an agent for us in your country . I'd like to know some ideas of terms on which you would be willing to operate as our agent . As we are a well-established company , we are very familiar with the customers ' needs . Besides , we can make full use of our good connections with the wholesalers and retailers here and develop a good market for your products if appointed as your agent .
So , I wish to apply for the sole agency of your product in our local market . If you give us the agency , that will be more substantial for our cooperation . To be frank , you are not the only one who applies for an agent for us in your country . I'd like to know some ideas of terms on which you would be willing to operate as our agent . As we are a well-established company , we are very familiar with the customers ' needs . Besides , we can make full use of our good connections with the wholesalers and retailers here and develop a good market for your products if appointed as your agent . Sounds reasonable . I will tell my boss about you agent application . Another question , what do you think is the minimum annual sales you can guarantee ?
To be frank , you are not the only one who applies for an agent for us in your country . I'd like to know some ideas of terms on which you would be willing to operate as our agent . As we are a well-established company , we are very familiar with the customers ' needs . Besides , we can make full use of our good connections with the wholesalers and retailers here and develop a good market for your products if appointed as your agent . Sounds reasonable . I will tell my boss about you agent application . Another question , what do you think is the minimum annual sales you can guarantee ? To be on the safe side , and for garment of all materials , sizes , and styles , I think the amount will be 50,000 pieces a year .
As we are a well-established company , we are very familiar with the customers ' needs . Besides , we can make full use of our good connections with the wholesalers and retailers here and develop a good market for your products if appointed as your agent . Sounds reasonable . I will tell my boss about you agent application . Another question , what do you think is the minimum annual sales you can guarantee ? To be on the safe side , and for garment of all materials , sizes , and styles , I think the amount will be 50,000 pieces a year . Well . As our sole agency , you will neither handle the same or similar products of other origins nor re-export our goods to any other area outside your own .
How can I help you ? well , I'm looking for some summer clothes . Oh , it is the right time for you purchasing in our clothes shop . We are now having a low price on all our summer apparel . Really ? What's that ?
well , I'm looking for some summer clothes . Oh , it is the right time for you purchasing in our clothes shop . We are now having a low price on all our summer apparel . Really ? What's that ? Everything for summer is 20 % off .
Oh , it is the right time for you purchasing in our clothes shop . We are now having a low price on all our summer apparel . Really ? What's that ? Everything for summer is 20 % off . I like this T-shirt . Would you like to help me look for any skirts that go with it ?
Really ? What's that ? Everything for summer is 20 % off . I like this T-shirt . Would you like to help me look for any skirts that go with it ? Sure . We have both skirts and trousers that would look well with the T-shirt . Look at this section .
Everything for summer is 20 % off . I like this T-shirt . Would you like to help me look for any skirts that go with it ? Sure . We have both skirts and trousers that would look well with the T-shirt . Look at this section . This one is good .
I like this T-shirt . Would you like to help me look for any skirts that go with it ? Sure . We have both skirts and trousers that would look well with the T-shirt . Look at this section . This one is good . You have good taste . It is very much in style this year .
Sure . We have both skirts and trousers that would look well with the T-shirt . Look at this section . This one is good . You have good taste . It is very much in style this year . I'll take this one . How much are they ?
This one is good . You have good taste . It is very much in style this year . I'll take this one . How much are they ? 160 yuan .
Hey , buddy , can ' t you see there ' s a line ? Oh , sorry . I didn ' t know . What ? You haven ' t taken the bus before ? No , I ' m afraid not .
Oh , sorry . I didn ' t know . What ? You haven ' t taken the bus before ? No , I ' m afraid not . Well , you have to wait in line like everyone else . Besides , you should let old people on first .
What ? You haven ' t taken the bus before ? No , I ' m afraid not . Well , you have to wait in line like everyone else . Besides , you should let old people on first . Sorry .
No , I ' m afraid not . Well , you have to wait in line like everyone else . Besides , you should let old people on first . Sorry . It ' s all right . Where are you going ?
Well , you have to wait in line like everyone else . Besides , you should let old people on first . Sorry . It ' s all right . Where are you going ? I wanted to see the White House .
Sorry . It ' s all right . Where are you going ? I wanted to see the White House . Oh , well you don ' t want this bus , anyway . It goes to Georgetown .
It ' s all right . Where are you going ? I wanted to see the White House . Oh , well you don ' t want this bus , anyway . It goes to Georgetown . Oh , no .
I wanted to see the White House . Oh , well you don ' t want this bus , anyway . It goes to Georgetown . Oh , no . It ' s all right , though . Just get off at the next stop and catch the 79A .
Oh , well you don ' t want this bus , anyway . It goes to Georgetown . Oh , no . It ' s all right , though . Just get off at the next stop and catch the 79A . Oh , well thank you very much .
Can you develop the roll of film ? Sure . How long does it take ? 6 hours . If you are in a hurry we can develop it in 3 hours .
There are many art craft items in this shop . I suggest you take your time , and you might find something you like . That's what I am going to do . If you have any problem , please come to me . I surely will . How much is this wood carving ?
That's what I am going to do . If you have any problem , please come to me . I surely will . How much is this wood carving ? You are an expert on it . That wood carving is very rare . But I'm so sorry . that is not for sell .
If you have any problem , please come to me . I surely will . How much is this wood carving ? You are an expert on it . That wood carving is very rare . But I'm so sorry . that is not for sell . That's OK . Is anything else recommended ?
I surely will . How much is this wood carving ? You are an expert on it . That wood carving is very rare . But I'm so sorry . that is not for sell . That's OK . Is anything else recommended ? Do you have any special request ?
You are an expert on it . That wood carving is very rare . But I'm so sorry . that is not for sell . That's OK . Is anything else recommended ? Do you have any special request ? I'd like to see some traditional arts .
That's OK . Is anything else recommended ? Do you have any special request ? I'd like to see some traditional arts . So that means you are shopping for presents ?
Do you have any special request ? I'd like to see some traditional arts . So that means you are shopping for presents ? Yes , I'm just here to pick out some special presents for my foreign friends .
I'd like to see some traditional arts . So that means you are shopping for presents ? Yes , I'm just here to pick out some special presents for my foreign friends . Actually , I think the paper-cuts is OK , because it is easy to carry and foreign friends are also interested in it . They think that is a miracle .
So that means you are shopping for presents ? Yes , I'm just here to pick out some special presents for my foreign friends . Actually , I think the paper-cuts is OK , because it is easy to carry and foreign friends are also interested in it . They think that is a miracle . Sounds good . I'll take paper-cut .
Yes , I'm just here to pick out some special presents for my foreign friends . Actually , I think the paper-cuts is OK , because it is easy to carry and foreign friends are also interested in it . They think that is a miracle . Sounds good . I'll take paper-cut . I have collected different kinds of paper-cuts all over the country , you can pick the one you like best .
Actually , I think the paper-cuts is OK , because it is easy to carry and foreign friends are also interested in it . They think that is a miracle . Sounds good . I'll take paper-cut . I have collected different kinds of paper-cuts all over the country , you can pick the one you like best . You collect them yourself ? I think that you are just doing the wholesale .
Sounds good . I'll take paper-cut . I have collected different kinds of paper-cuts all over the country , you can pick the one you like best . You collect them yourself ? I think that you are just doing the wholesale . As a matter of fact , I open the shop because I'm interested in the arts . I spent lots of time doing research on the folk art of our country .
I ' m interested in teaching at your school . Great . Are you a qualified teacher ? Yes . What kind of teaching certificate do you have ?
Great . Are you a qualified teacher ? Yes . What kind of teaching certificate do you have ? I have a TEFL certificate .
Yes . What kind of teaching certificate do you have ? I have a TEFL certificate . How many years of experience do you have ?
What kind of teaching certificate do you have ? I have a TEFL certificate . How many years of experience do you have ? I have three years of teaching ESL and four years of teaching per-school children .
I have a TEFL certificate . How many years of experience do you have ? I have three years of teaching ESL and four years of teaching per-school children . When did you get your TEFL certificate ?
How many years of experience do you have ? I have three years of teaching ESL and four years of teaching per-school children . When did you get your TEFL certificate ? I got my TEFL certificate three years ago .
I have three years of teaching ESL and four years of teaching per-school children . When did you get your TEFL certificate ? I got my TEFL certificate three years ago . Why do you want to teach at our school ?
When did you get your TEFL certificate ? I got my TEFL certificate three years ago . Why do you want to teach at our school ? Well , I ' Ve heard many good things about it . I also like teaching young children .
I got my TEFL certificate three years ago . Why do you want to teach at our school ? Well , I ' Ve heard many good things about it . I also like teaching young children . That ' s great . Can you speak Chinese ?
Why do you want to teach at our school ? Well , I ' Ve heard many good things about it . I also like teaching young children . That ' s great . Can you speak Chinese ? Yes , just a little .
Well , I ' Ve heard many good things about it . I also like teaching young children . That ' s great . Can you speak Chinese ? Yes , just a little . Can you come in for an interview tomorrow at 10:00 ?
That ' s great . Can you speak Chinese ? Yes , just a little . Can you come in for an interview tomorrow at 10:00 ? I sure can .
Holly ? Holly Madison , is that you ? You look great ! You haven't changed a bit . Uh ... Andrew . Hello . I can't quite remember you . It's me . The D-man ! I sat behind you in English . Are you and Taylor still dating ? Um ... we never were . We're just friends .
Uh ... Andrew . Hello . I can't quite remember you . It's me . The D-man ! I sat behind you in English . Are you and Taylor still dating ? Um ... we never were . We're just friends . Well , if you're not seeing anyone , maybe we could ...
Happy Birthday , this is for you , Brian . I'm so happy you remember , please come in and enjoy the party . Everyone's here , I'm sure you have a good time . Brian , may I have a pleasure to have a dance with you ? Ok .
I'm so happy you remember , please come in and enjoy the party . Everyone's here , I'm sure you have a good time . Brian , may I have a pleasure to have a dance with you ? Ok . This is really wonderful party .
Brian , may I have a pleasure to have a dance with you ? Ok . This is really wonderful party . Yes , you are always popular with everyone . and you look very pretty today .
Ok . This is really wonderful party . Yes , you are always popular with everyone . and you look very pretty today . Thanks , that's very kind of you to say . I hope my necklace goes with my dress , and they both make me look good I feel .
This is really wonderful party . Yes , you are always popular with everyone . and you look very pretty today . Thanks , that's very kind of you to say . I hope my necklace goes with my dress , and they both make me look good I feel . You look great , you are absolutely glowing .
It's raining heavily . We have to find a shelter . All right . Let's go under the tree .
We have to find a shelter . All right . Let's go under the tree . No , we can't . It's thundering .
Excuse me , could you tell me the bookshop ' s address ? Yes , the bookshop is just around the corner . Turn left and you ' ll see the bookshop . Thank you very much . By the way , is the hospital beside the bookshop . Right , if you see the bookshop , you can see the hospital .
Yes , the bookshop is just around the corner . Turn left and you ' ll see the bookshop . Thank you very much . By the way , is the hospital beside the bookshop . Right , if you see the bookshop , you can see the hospital . Thank you for your help .
Please help yourself at your dishes . I hope you ' ll enjoy what you ' Ve got . It suits my taste . You are really a good cook . Would you like to try my special recipe ? Wow , let me try . It tastes nice . How did you make it ?
Have you ever thought about having children , Kaitlyn ? My husband and I have thought about it , but we've decided not to have any . They're just too expensive . Besides , with all the news about global warming on the news lately , who knows what kind of Worl Well , I've always wanted to have lots of children . Growing up with only one brother , I always felt a bit lonely . What do you think about families with only one child ? For me , growing up in a big family always made me yearn for attention . I always wanted to be an only child so that I could always do what I wanted and so that I wouldn't ever have to share .
My husband and I have thought about it , but we've decided not to have any . They're just too expensive . Besides , with all the news about global warming on the news lately , who knows what kind of Worl Well , I've always wanted to have lots of children . Growing up with only one brother , I always felt a bit lonely . What do you think about families with only one child ? For me , growing up in a big family always made me yearn for attention . I always wanted to be an only child so that I could always do what I wanted and so that I wouldn't ever have to share . Don't you think you would miss having other people around ?
Well , I've always wanted to have lots of children . Growing up with only one brother , I always felt a bit lonely . What do you think about families with only one child ? For me , growing up in a big family always made me yearn for attention . I always wanted to be an only child so that I could always do what I wanted and so that I wouldn't ever have to share . Don't you think you would miss having other people around ? No way ! I spent 20 years of my life with relatives around me 24-7 . You know , I don't think I've ever actually spent any time by myself in my parents ' home . What do you think fo the one-child policy
For me , growing up in a big family always made me yearn for attention . I always wanted to be an only child so that I could always do what I wanted and so that I wouldn't ever have to share . Don't you think you would miss having other people around ? No way ! I spent 20 years of my life with relatives around me 24-7 . You know , I don't think I've ever actually spent any time by myself in my parents ' home . What do you think fo the one-child policy If China didn't have such a policy , can you imagine how many people there would be in China now ?
Don't you think you would miss having other people around ? No way ! I spent 20 years of my life with relatives around me 24-7 . You know , I don't think I've ever actually spent any time by myself in my parents ' home . What do you think fo the one-child policy If China didn't have such a policy , can you imagine how many people there would be in China now ? That's true . But as a woman , I'm glad that even though I don't want any children , I at least have a choice in how many children I have . On the other hand , I can't imagine what China would be like
No way ! I spent 20 years of my life with relatives around me 24-7 . You know , I don't think I've ever actually spent any time by myself in my parents ' home . What do you think fo the one-child policy If China didn't have such a policy , can you imagine how many people there would be in China now ? That's true . But as a woman , I'm glad that even though I don't want any children , I at least have a choice in how many children I have . On the other hand , I can't imagine what China would be like Do you think most families with many children envy or feel sorry for other families with only one child ?
We will go to Luoyang for a vacation next month . How long will you stay there ? About one week . Where will you live during the vacation .
How long will you stay there ? About one week . Where will you live during the vacation . In the hotel .
About one week . Where will you live during the vacation . In the hotel . Have you made a reservation ?
Where will you live during the vacation . In the hotel . Have you made a reservation ? Yes , we have .
Come in and sit down , Jack . Now , what's the trouble ? I've got a terrible pain in my stomach , Doctor . I see . When did it start ? It started yesterday . I didn't eat any supper .
I've got a terrible pain in my stomach , Doctor . I see . When did it start ? It started yesterday . I didn't eat any supper . Have you got a temperature ?
I see . When did it start ? It started yesterday . I didn't eat any supper . Have you got a temperature ? I think so . I feel very hot .
It started yesterday . I didn't eat any supper . Have you got a temperature ? I think so . I feel very hot . Let's see . Yes . You ' Ve got quite a high temperature .
Have you got a temperature ? I think so . I feel very hot . Let's see . Yes . You ' Ve got quite a high temperature . I've got an awful headache , too , and my throat hurts .
I think so . I feel very hot . Let's see . Yes . You ' Ve got quite a high temperature . I've got an awful headache , too , and my throat hurts . Hm ... I think you ' Ve got the flu .
Let's see . Yes . You ' Ve got quite a high temperature . I've got an awful headache , too , and my throat hurts . Hm ... I think you ' Ve got the flu . Is it serious ?
I've got an awful headache , too , and my throat hurts . Hm ... I think you ' Ve got the flu . Is it serious ? No , not at all , but you must stay in bed for three days and take this medicine .
Hm ... I think you ' Ve got the flu . Is it serious ? No , not at all , but you must stay in bed for three days and take this medicine . How often must I take it ?
Is it serious ? No , not at all , but you must stay in bed for three days and take this medicine . How often must I take it ? Three times a day after meals .
Oh , so the zoo is over there . Thank you so much for your help . You ' re welcome . Can I ask you what brings you to China ? I ' m actually travelling around Asia . Oh , very nice . How long will you be in Beijing ?
You ' re welcome . Can I ask you what brings you to China ? I ' m actually travelling around Asia . Oh , very nice . How long will you be in Beijing ? Probably another week .
I ' m actually travelling around Asia . Oh , very nice . How long will you be in Beijing ? Probably another week . Oh , I see . Well , I ' ll give you my phone number and if you need a guide , please call me .
Hello , Anna . Come in and sit down . Hello , doctor . What's the matter ? I've got a backache .
Hello , doctor . What's the matter ? I've got a backache . Do you often suffer from backache ?
What's the matter ? I've got a backache . Do you often suffer from backache ? No , I don't . I've never had a bad one before .
I've got a backache . Do you often suffer from backache ? No , I don't . I've never had a bad one before . When did it start ?
Do you often suffer from backache ? No , I don't . I've never had a bad one before . When did it start ? About four days ago .
No , I don't . I've never had a bad one before . When did it start ? About four days ago . Well , go home and rest in bed for two days , then you'll feel better .
When did it start ? About four days ago . Well , go home and rest in bed for two days , then you'll feel better . Can you give me some medicine ? It's very painful .
Hello ? This is John Smith . Can I speak to Mr . White , please ? This is Mr . White speaking . Hi . I understand that you have a house for sale , haven ' t you ? Yes .
This is Mr . White speaking . Hi . I understand that you have a house for sale , haven ' t you ? Yes . I ' d like to know more about it .
Hi . I understand that you have a house for sale , haven ' t you ? Yes . I ' d like to know more about it . Can you come to my office this afternoon at 3 o ' clock ?
Yes . I ' d like to know more about it . Can you come to my office this afternoon at 3 o ' clock ? OK . I will be there .
I ' d like to know more about it . Can you come to my office this afternoon at 3 o ' clock ? OK . I will be there . Thank you for calling . Goodbye .
Hello , who is speaking ? Hello , this is John . I want to speak to Linda . This is her . Hi , Linda , I'm just calling to invite you to a dinner party tomorrow evening .
Hello , this is John . I want to speak to Linda . This is her . Hi , Linda , I'm just calling to invite you to a dinner party tomorrow evening . Really ? What time and where ?
This is her . Hi , Linda , I'm just calling to invite you to a dinner party tomorrow evening . Really ? What time and where ? 7:30 PM at London-Chinese restaurant . I \ ' ll be at your place at seven to pick you up if you need a ride .
Hi , Linda , I'm just calling to invite you to a dinner party tomorrow evening . Really ? What time and where ? 7:30 PM at London-Chinese restaurant . I \ ' ll be at your place at seven to pick you up if you need a ride . Yes , please , I'll need a ride . I'll be waiting for you then .
Really ? What time and where ? 7:30 PM at London-Chinese restaurant . I \ ' ll be at your place at seven to pick you up if you need a ride . Yes , please , I'll need a ride . I'll be waiting for you then . See you tomorrow at seven . Make sure your dress a little formally . I heard the restaurant is kind of upscale .
7:30 PM at London-Chinese restaurant . I \ ' ll be at your place at seven to pick you up if you need a ride . Yes , please , I'll need a ride . I'll be waiting for you then . See you tomorrow at seven . Make sure your dress a little formally . I heard the restaurant is kind of upscale . Thank you , see you then .
Hello , can I help ? I'm from Lexington Software and I'm here to collect an export L / C . I have it right here . Great . Can I take it with me now ? Or do you need me to fill in some forms or something ?
I'm from Lexington Software and I'm here to collect an export L / C . I have it right here . Great . Can I take it with me now ? Or do you need me to fill in some forms or something ? No , you can take it away now . I just need you to sign here .
I have it right here . Great . Can I take it with me now ? Or do you need me to fill in some forms or something ? No , you can take it away now . I just need you to sign here . Here you are .
Great . Can I take it with me now ? Or do you need me to fill in some forms or something ? No , you can take it away now . I just need you to sign here . Here you are . Just one thing before you go , could you please prepare your documents in accordance with the L / C within the validity period ?
My aunt told me one of her secrets--cellophane tape . I just got it at the special health store . It's for my flabby arms . Let me know how it works . I have to say , I have had enough of this roller coaster .
I just got it at the special health store . It's for my flabby arms . Let me know how it works . I have to say , I have had enough of this roller coaster . I know what you mean . I'm like a yo-yo .
Do you have a reservation , sir ? No , I ' m afraid we don ' t . I ' m sorry the restaurant is full now . You have to wait for about half an hour . Would you like to have a drink at the lounge until there ' s a table available . No , thanks , I ' ll come back later . May I reserve a table for two ?
No , I ' m afraid we don ' t . I ' m sorry the restaurant is full now . You have to wait for about half an hour . Would you like to have a drink at the lounge until there ' s a table available . No , thanks , I ' ll come back later . May I reserve a table for two ? Yes , of course . May I have your name , sir ?
I ' m sorry the restaurant is full now . You have to wait for about half an hour . Would you like to have a drink at the lounge until there ' s a table available . No , thanks , I ' ll come back later . May I reserve a table for two ? Yes , of course . May I have your name , sir ? Bruce By the way , can we have a table by the window ?
No , thanks , I ' ll come back later . May I reserve a table for two ? Yes , of course . May I have your name , sir ? Bruce By the way , can we have a table by the window ? we ' ll try to arrange it , but I can ' t guarantee sir .
Yes , of course . May I have your name , sir ? Bruce By the way , can we have a table by the window ? we ' ll try to arrange it , but I can ' t guarantee sir . That ' s fine .
What shall we do when we find a shortage in the shipment ? You should do one of the two things - either to lodge a claim with the shipowner or with the insurance company . Shall we leave it to the brokers ? Yes . They usually do it .
You should do one of the two things - either to lodge a claim with the shipowner or with the insurance company . Shall we leave it to the brokers ? Yes . They usually do it . Do they charge for that ?
Shall we leave it to the brokers ? Yes . They usually do it . Do they charge for that ? Of course . In Europe , they charge a commission of 1 % of the amount of the claim for their service .
Yes . They usually do it . Do they charge for that ? Of course . In Europe , they charge a commission of 1 % of the amount of the claim for their service . Is it the same in America ?
Do they charge for that ? Of course . In Europe , they charge a commission of 1 % of the amount of the claim for their service . Is it the same in America ? They do the work without charge to the importer .
Of course . In Europe , they charge a commission of 1 % of the amount of the claim for their service . Is it the same in America ? They do the work without charge to the importer . It's part of their service , isn't it ?
Is it the same in America ? They do the work without charge to the importer . It's part of their service , isn't it ? Exactly .
They do the work without charge to the importer . It's part of their service , isn't it ? Exactly . Is it enough to claim with an on board bill of lading ?
It's part of their service , isn't it ? Exactly . Is it enough to claim with an on board bill of lading ? No , you must also obtain a statement from the shipping agent certifying that the goods were actually loaded on their vessel for shipment .
Exactly . Is it enough to claim with an on board bill of lading ? No , you must also obtain a statement from the shipping agent certifying that the goods were actually loaded on their vessel for shipment . I see . By the way , how do we prove the ownership of our goods ?
Is it enough to claim with an on board bill of lading ? No , you must also obtain a statement from the shipping agent certifying that the goods were actually loaded on their vessel for shipment . I see . By the way , how do we prove the ownership of our goods ? You must provide full original set of ocean bills of lading original insurance policy or certificate and the original commercia invoice .
No , you must also obtain a statement from the shipping agent certifying that the goods were actually loaded on their vessel for shipment . I see . By the way , how do we prove the ownership of our goods ? You must provide full original set of ocean bills of lading original insurance policy or certificate and the original commercia invoice . I see . Thank you .
Can I be of any service to you ? I've been told that Chinese arts and crafts are famous for their excellent workmanship . We'd like to take some home . What would you recommend ? There are over a thousands kinds of articles in our shop . For example , there is tricolored pottery originating in the Tang Dynasty , embroidery , batik , jade carving , just to name a few . Do you have anything in mind ? No , not really . But I think it should be something distinctively Chinese . And easy to carry .
I've been told that Chinese arts and crafts are famous for their excellent workmanship . We'd like to take some home . What would you recommend ? There are over a thousands kinds of articles in our shop . For example , there is tricolored pottery originating in the Tang Dynasty , embroidery , batik , jade carving , just to name a few . Do you have anything in mind ? No , not really . But I think it should be something distinctively Chinese . And easy to carry . I would suggest you buy paper-cuts , embroidery and batik . They are very easy to carry .
Hi , I would like to purchase a one way ticket to Brussels , please . Certainly sir , this is our train schedule . We have an express train departing every morning and an overnight train that departs at nine pm . How long does it take to get there ? About twelve hours . We currently have tickets available only for first class on the express train . If you ' d like , you can choose a sleeper on the overnight train which is a bit less expensive .
Certainly sir , this is our train schedule . We have an express train departing every morning and an overnight train that departs at nine pm . How long does it take to get there ? About twelve hours . We currently have tickets available only for first class on the express train . If you ' d like , you can choose a sleeper on the overnight train which is a bit less expensive . Yeah , I think that is the best option . Do you serve food on the train ? Twelve hours is such a long time !
How long does it take to get there ? About twelve hours . We currently have tickets available only for first class on the express train . If you ' d like , you can choose a sleeper on the overnight train which is a bit less expensive . Yeah , I think that is the best option . Do you serve food on the train ? Twelve hours is such a long time ! Yes , of course . There is a dining car towards the front of the train where they serve meals at all times . We do provide complimentary water and coffee for all of our passengers .
About twelve hours . We currently have tickets available only for first class on the express train . If you ' d like , you can choose a sleeper on the overnight train which is a bit less expensive . Yeah , I think that is the best option . Do you serve food on the train ? Twelve hours is such a long time ! Yes , of course . There is a dining car towards the front of the train where they serve meals at all times . We do provide complimentary water and coffee for all of our passengers . Great ! I ' ll take it .
Yeah , I think that is the best option . Do you serve food on the train ? Twelve hours is such a long time ! Yes , of course . There is a dining car towards the front of the train where they serve meals at all times . We do provide complimentary water and coffee for all of our passengers . Great ! I ' ll take it . Here you are sir . Your train leaves from platform number nine at nine on the dot . Remember to be here at least thirty minutes before your scheduled departure time or else you might miss your train !
Yes , of course . There is a dining car towards the front of the train where they serve meals at all times . We do provide complimentary water and coffee for all of our passengers . Great ! I ' ll take it . Here you are sir . Your train leaves from platform number nine at nine on the dot . Remember to be here at least thirty minutes before your scheduled departure time or else you might miss your train ! I understand . Thank you very much !
Can I have the check please ? Right away , sir . Is this amount correct ? Yes , sir , it is .
Right away , sir . Is this amount correct ? Yes , sir , it is . Thank you , the service was good
Hey , Jimmy , you've been sitting in front of the TV all day . Anything interesting on TV ? Not really . Quite boring right now , actually . Mostly infomercials and public service announcements . Why don't you turn off the TV and get outside ? You need to get some fresh air . I know , I know . But my favorite show is on in a couple of minutes . It's the series finals , and I wouldn't miss it for the world !
Not really . Quite boring right now , actually . Mostly infomercials and public service announcements . Why don't you turn off the TV and get outside ? You need to get some fresh air . I know , I know . But my favorite show is on in a couple of minutes . It's the series finals , and I wouldn't miss it for the world ! Really ? What's the series about ?
Why don't you turn off the TV and get outside ? You need to get some fresh air . I know , I know . But my favorite show is on in a couple of minutes . It's the series finals , and I wouldn't miss it for the world ! Really ? What's the series about ? Well , it's about how an immigrant girl achieve her dream in America . It's a sitcom but really quite smart and really funny . I think you'd like it .
I know , I know . But my favorite show is on in a couple of minutes . It's the series finals , and I wouldn't miss it for the world ! Really ? What's the series about ? Well , it's about how an immigrant girl achieve her dream in America . It's a sitcom but really quite smart and really funny . I think you'd like it . It sounds interesting , but I am not a big fan of TV shows . They're time consuming and don't have much depth .
Really ? What's the series about ? Well , it's about how an immigrant girl achieve her dream in America . It's a sitcom but really quite smart and really funny . I think you'd like it . It sounds interesting , but I am not a big fan of TV shows . They're time consuming and don't have much depth . I believe some shows are quite informative and interesting . Take this show for example , it examines American xenophobia and how it might conflict with the American dream , with hilarious results .
Well , it's about how an immigrant girl achieve her dream in America . It's a sitcom but really quite smart and really funny . I think you'd like it . It sounds interesting , but I am not a big fan of TV shows . They're time consuming and don't have much depth . I believe some shows are quite informative and interesting . Take this show for example , it examines American xenophobia and how it might conflict with the American dream , with hilarious results . Really ? that's interesting !
It sounds interesting , but I am not a big fan of TV shows . They're time consuming and don't have much depth . I believe some shows are quite informative and interesting . Take this show for example , it examines American xenophobia and how it might conflict with the American dream , with hilarious results . Really ? that's interesting ! Yeah . Oh , here it comes ! why don't we watch it together ? they are going to have a court debate in this episode . It should be good .
Hello . This is Dr . Galas Office . Can I help you ? Yes . I ' d like to make an appointment with Dr . Galas . Could you arrange it for me ? Sure . Let me check his schedule . How about tomorrow afternoon at 2:30 ? I ' m not available tomorrow afternoon . How about tomorrow morning ?
Yes . I ' d like to make an appointment with Dr . Galas . Could you arrange it for me ? Sure . Let me check his schedule . How about tomorrow afternoon at 2:30 ? I ' m not available tomorrow afternoon . How about tomorrow morning ? I ' m sorry . Dr . Galas is fully engaged tomorrow morning . How about the day after tomorrow at 9:30 in the morning ?
Sure . Let me check his schedule . How about tomorrow afternoon at 2:30 ? I ' m not available tomorrow afternoon . How about tomorrow morning ? I ' m sorry . Dr . Galas is fully engaged tomorrow morning . How about the day after tomorrow at 9:30 in the morning ? That ' s fine . Thanks .
I ' m not available tomorrow afternoon . How about tomorrow morning ? I ' m sorry . Dr . Galas is fully engaged tomorrow morning . How about the day after tomorrow at 9:30 in the morning ? That ' s fine . Thanks . You ' re welcome . Could I have your name and phone number , please ?
I ' m sorry . Dr . Galas is fully engaged tomorrow morning . How about the day after tomorrow at 9:30 in the morning ? That ' s fine . Thanks . You ' re welcome . Could I have your name and phone number , please ? Certainly . My name is Janet Smith , and my phone number is 610-555-1234 .
That ' s fine . Thanks . You ' re welcome . Could I have your name and phone number , please ? Certainly . My name is Janet Smith , and my phone number is 610-555-1234 . Very good , Ms . Smith . I have scheduled an appointment for you on Wednesday at 9:30 am .
You ' re welcome . Could I have your name and phone number , please ? Certainly . My name is Janet Smith , and my phone number is 610-555-1234 . Very good , Ms . Smith . I have scheduled an appointment for you on Wednesday at 9:30 am . Thank you very much .
Hi , Mark . Hi , Bill . I ' d like to take the apartment I looked at yesterday . All right . So , what do we do now ?
Hi , Bill . I ' d like to take the apartment I looked at yesterday . All right . So , what do we do now ? This is the lease . You should read the lease very carefully before you sign it because it describes your legal rights and responsibilities as a tenant . The lease also describes our rights and responsibilities as landlords .
All right . So , what do we do now ? This is the lease . You should read the lease very carefully before you sign it because it describes your legal rights and responsibilities as a tenant . The lease also describes our rights and responsibilities as landlords . Okay . ( Reads the lease ) So , according to the lease , I ' ll deposit one month ' s rent as a security deposit , and I have to pay the first month ' s rent in advance . I understand that I ' ll get the security deposit back when I move out if the apartment does not need any costly repairs .
So , what do we do now ? This is the lease . You should read the lease very carefully before you sign it because it describes your legal rights and responsibilities as a tenant . The lease also describes our rights and responsibilities as landlords . Okay . ( Reads the lease ) So , according to the lease , I ' ll deposit one month ' s rent as a security deposit , and I have to pay the first month ' s rent in advance . I understand that I ' ll get the security deposit back when I move out if the apartment does not need any costly repairs . Yes . If you do not damage the apartment , you will get your security deposit back when you move out .
This is the lease . You should read the lease very carefully before you sign it because it describes your legal rights and responsibilities as a tenant . The lease also describes our rights and responsibilities as landlords . Okay . ( Reads the lease ) So , according to the lease , I ' ll deposit one month ' s rent as a security deposit , and I have to pay the first month ' s rent in advance . I understand that I ' ll get the security deposit back when I move out if the apartment does not need any costly repairs . Yes . If you do not damage the apartment , you will get your security deposit back when you move out . Can I pay you by check ?
Okay . ( Reads the lease ) So , according to the lease , I ' ll deposit one month ' s rent as a security deposit , and I have to pay the first month ' s rent in advance . I understand that I ' ll get the security deposit back when I move out if the apartment does not need any costly repairs . Yes . If you do not damage the apartment , you will get your security deposit back when you move out . Can I pay you by check ? Sure . A check will be fine .
Yes . If you do not damage the apartment , you will get your security deposit back when you move out . Can I pay you by check ? Sure . A check will be fine . Is there a laundry room in the basement ?
Can I pay you by check ? Sure . A check will be fine . Is there a laundry room in the basement ? Yes .
Is this the central park to East Market bus ? This is the East market to Central park bus . Where do you want to go ? To the ministry government hall . Take the same number bus going other direction . There ' s stop right cross the street .
Excuse me . I need to refill this prescription . It says on the bottle here that you can have two refills . Yes , I need to refill it today . Alright . I'm sorry , Miss . According to our file , this prescription has already been refilled twice .
It says on the bottle here that you can have two refills . Yes , I need to refill it today . Alright . I'm sorry , Miss . According to our file , this prescription has already been refilled twice . I was worried about that . I couldn't remember if I had it refilled twice yet or not .
Yes , I need to refill it today . Alright . I'm sorry , Miss . According to our file , this prescription has already been refilled twice . I was worried about that . I couldn't remember if I had it refilled twice yet or not . Well , it looks like you have . You will need to see your doctor to get a new prescription .
Alright . I'm sorry , Miss . According to our file , this prescription has already been refilled twice . I was worried about that . I couldn't remember if I had it refilled twice yet or not . Well , it looks like you have . You will need to see your doctor to get a new prescription . Listen . This is an emergency . I tried to call my doctor , but he is out of town . So I can't see him in time . I need this medicine . It is for skin condition . I've run out . Can you just refill it once more ?
I was worried about that . I couldn't remember if I had it refilled twice yet or not . Well , it looks like you have . You will need to see your doctor to get a new prescription . Listen . This is an emergency . I tried to call my doctor , but he is out of town . So I can't see him in time . I need this medicine . It is for skin condition . I've run out . Can you just refill it once more ? I'm sorry , Miss . We can't do it . We must follow the prescription . And this prescription has run out .
Well , it looks like you have . You will need to see your doctor to get a new prescription . Listen . This is an emergency . I tried to call my doctor , but he is out of town . So I can't see him in time . I need this medicine . It is for skin condition . I've run out . Can you just refill it once more ? I'm sorry , Miss . We can't do it . We must follow the prescription . And this prescription has run out . But I need it . Please . Refill it for me just this once . I can go to the doctor around ten days from now . Then I'll have another prescription .
Listen . This is an emergency . I tried to call my doctor , but he is out of town . So I can't see him in time . I need this medicine . It is for skin condition . I've run out . Can you just refill it once more ? I'm sorry , Miss . We can't do it . We must follow the prescription . And this prescription has run out . But I need it . Please . Refill it for me just this once . I can go to the doctor around ten days from now . Then I'll have another prescription . Miss , I understand your problem . But it is against the law for us to sell certain medicines without a prescription . It ' s the law . I can't do anything about it . We never sell medicine unless we have a proper prescription . Never .
I'm sorry , Miss . We can't do it . We must follow the prescription . And this prescription has run out . But I need it . Please . Refill it for me just this once . I can go to the doctor around ten days from now . Then I'll have another prescription . Miss , I understand your problem . But it is against the law for us to sell certain medicines without a prescription . It ' s the law . I can't do anything about it . We never sell medicine unless we have a proper prescription . Never . But I have a prescription . I just need more of it .
But I need it . Please . Refill it for me just this once . I can go to the doctor around ten days from now . Then I'll have another prescription . Miss , I understand your problem . But it is against the law for us to sell certain medicines without a prescription . It ' s the law . I can't do anything about it . We never sell medicine unless we have a proper prescription . Never . But I have a prescription . I just need more of it . A prescription must be valid . It cannot be an expired prescription . I'm sorry , Miss . It's the law . You will have to find another doctor who will prescribe this for you .
Miss , I understand your problem . But it is against the law for us to sell certain medicines without a prescription . It ' s the law . I can't do anything about it . We never sell medicine unless we have a proper prescription . Never . But I have a prescription . I just need more of it . A prescription must be valid . It cannot be an expired prescription . I'm sorry , Miss . It's the law . You will have to find another doctor who will prescribe this for you . Oh , it will be so expensive ! I have a special medical plan , and I can only see one doctor . It will cost me a lot of money to see another doctor .
But I have a prescription . I just need more of it . A prescription must be valid . It cannot be an expired prescription . I'm sorry , Miss . It's the law . You will have to find another doctor who will prescribe this for you . Oh , it will be so expensive ! I have a special medical plan , and I can only see one doctor . It will cost me a lot of money to see another doctor . Miss , I just can't help you on this . I'm a pharmacist , not a doctor . And there are other customers I need to help now . I know it is frustrating when this happens . But there is nothing I can do about it . I'm sorry .
A prescription must be valid . It cannot be an expired prescription . I'm sorry , Miss . It's the law . You will have to find another doctor who will prescribe this for you . Oh , it will be so expensive ! I have a special medical plan , and I can only see one doctor . It will cost me a lot of money to see another doctor . Miss , I just can't help you on this . I'm a pharmacist , not a doctor . And there are other customers I need to help now . I know it is frustrating when this happens . But there is nothing I can do about it . I'm sorry . This is ridiculous ! In Taiwan , it is much easier to get medicine when I need it .
Can you tell me a little bit about yourself ? I am a graduate of a technical university and have been employed as a technician with Company or approximately 10 years . Please explain why you are interested in leaving your current position and please elaborate on your technical skills . I am looking for a growth opportunity , which I feel is not available at my current employer . In terms of skills , I am Microsoft certified in Windows XP and several other operating system
I am a graduate of a technical university and have been employed as a technician with Company or approximately 10 years . Please explain why you are interested in leaving your current position and please elaborate on your technical skills . I am looking for a growth opportunity , which I feel is not available at my current employer . In terms of skills , I am Microsoft certified in Windows XP and several other operating system Where do you see yourself five years from now ?
Hey , Jim . It's time to wake up and get out of bed . Do I have to get up now ? You'd better get up , or you'll be late . What're you talking about ? My alarm even hasn't gone off yet .
Do I have to get up now ? You'd better get up , or you'll be late . What're you talking about ? My alarm even hasn't gone off yet . Yes , it did . It went off thirty minutes ago . You slept right through it . You're like a dead person while you sleep .
You'd better get up , or you'll be late . What're you talking about ? My alarm even hasn't gone off yet . Yes , it did . It went off thirty minutes ago . You slept right through it . You're like a dead person while you sleep . I must have slept right through it .
What're you talking about ? My alarm even hasn't gone off yet . Yes , it did . It went off thirty minutes ago . You slept right through it . You're like a dead person while you sleep . I must have slept right through it . Rise and shine ! Sleepyhead !
Yes , it did . It went off thirty minutes ago . You slept right through it . You're like a dead person while you sleep . I must have slept right through it . Rise and shine ! Sleepyhead ! Just let me sleep five more minutes .
I must have slept right through it . Rise and shine ! Sleepyhead ! Just let me sleep five more minutes . The early bird gets the worm .
Rise and shine ! Sleepyhead ! Just let me sleep five more minutes . The early bird gets the worm . I know , I know . But I don't want any worms .
Did you ever buy food from the snack stands near our hotel ? Yes , several times . How do you like them ? Not bad .
Yes , several times . How do you like them ? Not bad . I always have the temptation to eat something there .
How do you like them ? Not bad . I always have the temptation to eat something there . Then , why didn't you do that ?
Not bad . I always have the temptation to eat something there . Then , why didn't you do that ? I don't know how much we can trust them . Do you have any ideas ?
I always have the temptation to eat something there . Then , why didn't you do that ? I don't know how much we can trust them . Do you have any ideas ? Some of them , I think , are not good .
Then , why didn't you do that ? I don't know how much we can trust them . Do you have any ideas ? Some of them , I think , are not good . It doesn't taste good ?
I don't know how much we can trust them . Do you have any ideas ? Some of them , I think , are not good . It doesn't taste good ? No , I mean some of them are not clean enough .
Some of them , I think , are not good . It doesn't taste good ? No , I mean some of them are not clean enough . That's my greatest concern . But how can you tell which one is clean ?
It doesn't taste good ? No , I mean some of them are not clean enough . That's my greatest concern . But how can you tell which one is clean ? I judge by appearances .
No , I mean some of them are not clean enough . That's my greatest concern . But how can you tell which one is clean ? I judge by appearances . I got it . I think it's worth trying .
That's my greatest concern . But how can you tell which one is clean ? I judge by appearances . I got it . I think it's worth trying . It certainly is .
I judge by appearances . I got it . I think it's worth trying . It certainly is . I'd like to try some kebab , roasted squid , and many different appealing things .
I got it . I think it's worth trying . It certainly is . I'd like to try some kebab , roasted squid , and many different appealing things . Don't try everything at one time , please .
Dad , may I have a room of my own ? Oh , honey , I'm so sorry , we don't have enough space for you to have your own room . Dad , but I don't want to share a room with Peter . He snores every night . Honey , you can ask him to be quite . Otherwise you may punish him and tell him to stand out of the room , right ?
Hey there , you look a little lost . Are you new here ? Yeah how ' d you know ? You can always spot the newbies . I can give you a few pointers if you want . Were you trying to use this machine here ? Yeah ! I just started my training today and I ' m not really sure where to begin .
Yeah how ' d you know ? You can always spot the newbies . I can give you a few pointers if you want . Were you trying to use this machine here ? Yeah ! I just started my training today and I ' m not really sure where to begin . It ' s ok , I know how it is . This machine here will work out your upper body , mainly your triceps and biceps . Are you looking to develop strength or muscle tone and definition ?
You can always spot the newbies . I can give you a few pointers if you want . Were you trying to use this machine here ? Yeah ! I just started my training today and I ' m not really sure where to begin . It ' s ok , I know how it is . This machine here will work out your upper body , mainly your triceps and biceps . Are you looking to develop strength or muscle tone and definition ? Well , I don ' t want to be ripped like you ! I just want a good physique with weights and Carpio .
Yeah ! I just started my training today and I ' m not really sure where to begin . It ' s ok , I know how it is . This machine here will work out your upper body , mainly your triceps and biceps . Are you looking to develop strength or muscle tone and definition ? Well , I don ' t want to be ripped like you ! I just want a good physique with weights and Carpio . In that case you want to work with less weight . You can start off by working ten to fifteen reps in four sets . Five kilo weights should be enough . Now it ' s very important that you stretch before pumping iron or you might pull a muscle .
It ' s ok , I know how it is . This machine here will work out your upper body , mainly your triceps and biceps . Are you looking to develop strength or muscle tone and definition ? Well , I don ' t want to be ripped like you ! I just want a good physique with weights and Carpio . In that case you want to work with less weight . You can start off by working ten to fifteen reps in four sets . Five kilo weights should be enough . Now it ' s very important that you stretch before pumping iron or you might pull a muscle . Got it ! Wow is that the weight you are lifting ? My goodness that ' s a lot of weight !
I can't find the price tag . It's right here . $ 100 . But I heard other stores were having great mark-downs on this item . Ours are of really good quality .
Where do you come from ? I come from Greece . What's the climate like in your country ? It's very pleasant .
I come from Greece . What's the climate like in your country ? It's very pleasant . What's the weather like in spring ?
What's the climate like in your country ? It's very pleasant . What's the weather like in spring ? It's often windy in March . It's always warm in April and May , but it rains sometimes .
It's very pleasant . What's the weather like in spring ? It's often windy in March . It's always warm in April and May , but it rains sometimes . What's it like in summer ?
What's the weather like in spring ? It's often windy in March . It's always warm in April and May , but it rains sometimes . What's it like in summer ? It's always hot in June , July and August . The sun shines every day .
It's often windy in March . It's always warm in April and May , but it rains sometimes . What's it like in summer ? It's always hot in June , July and August . The sun shines every day . Is it cold or warm in autumn ?
What's it like in summer ? It's always hot in June , July and August . The sun shines every day . Is it cold or warm in autumn ? It's always warm in September and October . It's often cold in November and it rains sometimes .
It's always hot in June , July and August . The sun shines every day . Is it cold or warm in autumn ? It's always warm in September and October . It's often cold in November and it rains sometimes . Is it very cold in winter ?
Good afternoon , Sir . You're here to see about a Temporary Loan , right ? The loans we offer are for purchasing income-generating assets . Is that what you require ? Yes , that's exactly what I need . How about terms for these ? Well , we offer 60 - day or 90 - day loans . The balance of the loan is to be repaid in full by the end of the specified period . Is there any flexibility on that ?
Yes , that's exactly what I need . How about terms for these ? Well , we offer 60 - day or 90 - day loans . The balance of the loan is to be repaid in full by the end of the specified period . Is there any flexibility on that ? Unfortunately , not .
Well , we offer 60 - day or 90 - day loans . The balance of the loan is to be repaid in full by the end of the specified period . Is there any flexibility on that ? Unfortunately , not . OK . In my position , I think the best way to go would be for the 90 - day loan . That would give us a little more time to sort out the repayment plan .
Do you sometimes feel overwhelmed by your work ? Of course ! It is the No . 1 stressor in my life . You know job stress has become a very common problem these days . So we must learn to cope with it . Totally agree . What is your solution ? Well , there are two causes of job stress . One is employee characteristic and the other is company condition . So if we want to manage job stress , both we and the companies should do something . For me , I am trying to balance work and leisure time . You know , all work and no play make Jack a dull boy .
Of course ! It is the No . 1 stressor in my life . You know job stress has become a very common problem these days . So we must learn to cope with it . Totally agree . What is your solution ? Well , there are two causes of job stress . One is employee characteristic and the other is company condition . So if we want to manage job stress , both we and the companies should do something . For me , I am trying to balance work and leisure time . You know , all work and no play make Jack a dull boy . You seem to have a very relaxed outlook .
Totally agree . What is your solution ? Well , there are two causes of job stress . One is employee characteristic and the other is company condition . So if we want to manage job stress , both we and the companies should do something . For me , I am trying to balance work and leisure time . You know , all work and no play make Jack a dull boy . You seem to have a very relaxed outlook . It is necessary . Positive attitude helps to prevent stress .
Well , there are two causes of job stress . One is employee characteristic and the other is company condition . So if we want to manage job stress , both we and the companies should do something . For me , I am trying to balance work and leisure time . You know , all work and no play make Jack a dull boy . You seem to have a very relaxed outlook . It is necessary . Positive attitude helps to prevent stress . But I don ' t think we can change our working condition . Anyway , we are not the bosses .
Taxi ! Yes , sir . Where to ? The city square , please . Are you in a hurry ?
Yes , sir . Where to ? The city square , please . Are you in a hurry ? Yes , I have to be there to meet a friend at 5 thirty pm . So we're sure we can get there on time ?
The city square , please . Are you in a hurry ? Yes , I have to be there to meet a friend at 5 thirty pm . So we're sure we can get there on time ? I'm afraid not , sir . Generally we can , but you know how it is in the rush hour now .
Are you in a hurry ? Yes , I have to be there to meet a friend at 5 thirty pm . So we're sure we can get there on time ? I'm afraid not , sir . Generally we can , but you know how it is in the rush hour now . I see . Here's the extra 5 $ for you if you can get me there on time .
Yes , I have to be there to meet a friend at 5 thirty pm . So we're sure we can get there on time ? I'm afraid not , sir . Generally we can , but you know how it is in the rush hour now . I see . Here's the extra 5 $ for you if you can get me there on time . All right . I'll do my best .
I'm afraid not , sir . Generally we can , but you know how it is in the rush hour now . I see . Here's the extra 5 $ for you if you can get me there on time . All right . I'll do my best . Oh . we made it . Thank you . How much do I own you ?
I see . Here's the extra 5 $ for you if you can get me there on time . All right . I'll do my best . Oh . we made it . Thank you . How much do I own you ? The reading on the kilometer is 12 $ .
All right . I'll do my best . Oh . we made it . Thank you . How much do I own you ? The reading on the kilometer is 12 $ . Here's the money , keep the changes , please .
Oh . we made it . Thank you . How much do I own you ? The reading on the kilometer is 12 $ . Here's the money , keep the changes , please . Do you need a receipt ?
What is your salary at present ? My present pay is 100,000 Yuan per year . What are your salary expectations now ? I like to be paid more than that . Hopefully , 120,000 Yuan per year .
My present pay is 100,000 Yuan per year . What are your salary expectations now ? I like to be paid more than that . Hopefully , 120,000 Yuan per year . That's a little more than we had planned .
What are your salary expectations now ? I like to be paid more than that . Hopefully , 120,000 Yuan per year . That's a little more than we had planned . I think you'll find I'm worth that .
I like to be paid more than that . Hopefully , 120,000 Yuan per year . That's a little more than we had planned . I think you'll find I'm worth that . I can only offer you 110,000 Yuan a year . Raises will be given after a three-month probation according to your performance . Is that satisfactory ?
Peter , how often do you exercise ? Well , I swim and run every day . Now , tell me , what do you eat ? Well , I don't eat any meat , but I do eat fish and eggs .
Well , I swim and run every day . Now , tell me , what do you eat ? Well , I don't eat any meat , but I do eat fish and eggs . Do you eat a lot of vegetables ?
Now , tell me , what do you eat ? Well , I don't eat any meat , but I do eat fish and eggs . Do you eat a lot of vegetables ? Oh yes , and fruit , I love fruit .
Well , I don't eat any meat , but I do eat fish and eggs . Do you eat a lot of vegetables ? Oh yes , and fruit , I love fruit . What do you drink ?
Do you eat a lot of vegetables ? Oh yes , and fruit , I love fruit . What do you drink ? Well , I never drink alcohol , coffee or tea . They are very bad for you .
I need to go to the ATM . So , why don ' t you ? I have no idea how to use the ATM . What do you mean ?
So , why don ' t you ? I have no idea how to use the ATM . What do you mean ? This will be my first time using an ATM .
I have no idea how to use the ATM . What do you mean ? This will be my first time using an ATM . I can help you with that .
What do you mean ? This will be my first time using an ATM . I can help you with that . Explain to me how to use it .
This will be my first time using an ATM . I can help you with that . Explain to me how to use it . Just put your card into the machine .
I can help you with that . Explain to me how to use it . Just put your card into the machine . Now what do I do ?
Explain to me how to use it . Just put your card into the machine . Now what do I do ? Then you need to type in your PIN .
Just put your card into the machine . Now what do I do ? Then you need to type in your PIN . Now what ?
May we see the wine list please ? Sure . Our special wine today is a 1989 Chardonnay . That sounds pretty good ! How much is it ? It's $ 4 . 25 cents by the glass . The whole bottle is $ 22 . 5 .
Sure . Our special wine today is a 1989 Chardonnay . That sounds pretty good ! How much is it ? It's $ 4 . 25 cents by the glass . The whole bottle is $ 22 . 5 . I'd like a bottle please .
That sounds pretty good ! How much is it ? It's $ 4 . 25 cents by the glass . The whole bottle is $ 22 . 5 . I'd like a bottle please . I'll need to see your ID please .
It's $ 4 . 25 cents by the glass . The whole bottle is $ 22 . 5 . I'd like a bottle please . I'll need to see your ID please . Here you go .
What date would you like to depart , sir ? Do you have any seats for September 16th ? Let's see ... I'm afraid the 16th is fully booked . But I have seats for the 17th . The 17th will be fine .
Do you have any seats for September 16th ? Let's see ... I'm afraid the 16th is fully booked . But I have seats for the 17th . The 17th will be fine . And what date will you be returning ?
Let's see ... I'm afraid the 16th is fully booked . But I have seats for the 17th . The 17th will be fine . And what date will you be returning ? Hmm , I guess on the 28th .
The 17th will be fine . And what date will you be returning ? Hmm , I guess on the 28th . Okay , you ' re booked on American Airlines flight 710 , departing JFK at 6:40 p . m . on September 17th . Your return flight is flight 711 , departing London ' s Heathrow Airport at 11:15 a . m . on September 28th .
Excuse me , I'd like to have these pants I bought here yesterday altered . Here's my receipt . Certainly , sir . What would you like done to them ? They're a little bit too long , so I'd like about half an inch taken off them . All right , sir . They should be ready for you by tomorrow afternoon .
Certainly , sir . What would you like done to them ? They're a little bit too long , so I'd like about half an inch taken off them . All right , sir . They should be ready for you by tomorrow afternoon . Thank you very much .
Some companies use to ban dating among employees , but now they have realized it is something in avertable . People spend so much time at work . It is not surprising for one to have a crash on the other . If we think positively , office love can be beneficial to company . Beneficial ? I don ' t think so . If two employees get married , they will leave at the same time for a honeymoon , or later one of them will stay at home taking care of babies . If they break up , the company will probably have to relocate one of them to make the workplace more comfortable . By any means , the company must spare extra efforts to solve problems brought by an office dating . But if two employees are in love , they will be happy . Happy people are more productive . If they develop an intimate relation with each other , they are willing to share knowledge and experience . It can help to improve work efficiency .
What kind of a car do you have ? An old one . I know it's old , but what make is it ? It's a Chevrolet . Why do you ask ? You going into the car business ?
An old one . I know it's old , but what make is it ? It's a Chevrolet . Why do you ask ? You going into the car business ? Nothing like that . My cousin is going to take a job overseas and he can't take his car with him , so he's going to sell it - cheap . It's practically new .
I know it's old , but what make is it ? It's a Chevrolet . Why do you ask ? You going into the car business ? Nothing like that . My cousin is going to take a job overseas and he can't take his car with him , so he's going to sell it - cheap . It's practically new . well I have been thinking about getting a newer car . I can't afford a brand new one .
It's a Chevrolet . Why do you ask ? You going into the car business ? Nothing like that . My cousin is going to take a job overseas and he can't take his car with him , so he's going to sell it - cheap . It's practically new . well I have been thinking about getting a newer car . I can't afford a brand new one . Would you like to look at my cousin's car ?
Nothing like that . My cousin is going to take a job overseas and he can't take his car with him , so he's going to sell it - cheap . It's practically new . well I have been thinking about getting a newer car . I can't afford a brand new one . Would you like to look at my cousin's car ? Is it a four-door or a two-door ?
well I have been thinking about getting a newer car . I can't afford a brand new one . Would you like to look at my cousin's car ? Is it a four-door or a two-door ? It's a coupe with a vinyl roof .
Would you like to look at my cousin's car ? Is it a four-door or a two-door ? It's a coupe with a vinyl roof . Does it have automatic transmission ? .
Is it a four-door or a two-door ? It's a coupe with a vinyl roof . Does it have automatic transmission ? . Yes , and it also has power steering , power brakes , and air conditioning .
Come in , please . Good morning , sir ! Good morning , please make yourself comfortable . Thank you , sir .
Good morning , sir ! Good morning , please make yourself comfortable . Thank you , sir . Your name and examination number , please .
Good morning , please make yourself comfortable . Thank you , sir . Your name and examination number , please . My name is Du Tao , number 3 .
Thank you , sir . Your name and examination number , please . My name is Du Tao , number 3 . Pardon ?
Your name and examination number , please . My name is Du Tao , number 3 . Pardon ? Du Tao . D-U for Du and T-A - 0 for Tao .
My name is Du Tao , number 3 . Pardon ? Du Tao . D-U for Du and T-A - 0 for Tao . Yes , Mr . Du , when were you born ?
Pardon ? Du Tao . D-U for Du and T-A - 0 for Tao . Yes , Mr . Du , when were you born ? I was born on January 1st , 1988 . I ' m 20 years old now .
Du Tao . D-U for Du and T-A - 0 for Tao . Yes , Mr . Du , when were you born ? I was born on January 1st , 1988 . I ' m 20 years old now . Where do you live ?
Yes , Mr . Du , when were you born ? I was born on January 1st , 1988 . I ' m 20 years old now . Where do you live ? I ' m living at Room 222 , Building 18 , N . P . U .
I was born on January 1st , 1988 . I ' m 20 years old now . Where do you live ? I ' m living at Room 222 , Building 18 , N . P . U . Can you leave me your phone number ?
Oh ! ! ! I have a horrible toothache . You should go to the dentist . I hate dentists . Well , suffer then . If you have a toothache , you have to go to the dentist .
You should go to the dentist . I hate dentists . Well , suffer then . If you have a toothache , you have to go to the dentist . It always hurts . I hate going .
I hate dentists . Well , suffer then . If you have a toothache , you have to go to the dentist . It always hurts . I hate going . Stop being such a baby . If it really hurts that much , just let them knock you out .
Well , suffer then . If you have a toothache , you have to go to the dentist . It always hurts . I hate going . Stop being such a baby . If it really hurts that much , just let them knock you out . O . K . , O . K . , I ' ll go .
Would you like a cigarette ? No , thanks . I've decided to give up smoking . Really ? Why ? Well , it's just that I think if you don't enjoy doing something any more , you should stop doing it .
No , thanks . I've decided to give up smoking . Really ? Why ? Well , it's just that I think if you don't enjoy doing something any more , you should stop doing it . I see . You mean you don't enjoy smoking any more ?
Really ? Why ? Well , it's just that I think if you don't enjoy doing something any more , you should stop doing it . I see . You mean you don't enjoy smoking any more ? That's right . You should give it up , too . It ' s bad for your health .
Well , it's just that I think if you don't enjoy doing something any more , you should stop doing it . I see . You mean you don't enjoy smoking any more ? That's right . You should give it up , too . It ' s bad for your health . Stop talking like my mother . That's what she keeps saying .
I see . You mean you don't enjoy smoking any more ? That's right . You should give it up , too . It ' s bad for your health . Stop talking like my mother . That's what she keeps saying . But it's true . It's a nasty habit . I can't think why I ever started . Anyway , it's obviously got you in its grip !
That's right . You should give it up , too . It ' s bad for your health . Stop talking like my mother . That's what she keeps saying . But it's true . It's a nasty habit . I can't think why I ever started . Anyway , it's obviously got you in its grip ! What do you mean ? What are you talking about ?
Kate , you never believe what's happened . What do you mean ? Masha and Hero are getting divorced . You are kidding . What happened ?
What do you mean ? Masha and Hero are getting divorced . You are kidding . What happened ? Well , I don't really know , but I heard that they are having a separation for 2 months , and filed for divorce .
Masha and Hero are getting divorced . You are kidding . What happened ? Well , I don't really know , but I heard that they are having a separation for 2 months , and filed for divorce . That's really surprising . I always thought they are well matched . What about the kids ? Who get custody ?
You are kidding . What happened ? Well , I don't really know , but I heard that they are having a separation for 2 months , and filed for divorce . That's really surprising . I always thought they are well matched . What about the kids ? Who get custody ? Masha , it seems quiet and makable , no quarrelling about who get the house and stock and then contesting the divorce with other details worked out .
Well , I don't really know , but I heard that they are having a separation for 2 months , and filed for divorce . That's really surprising . I always thought they are well matched . What about the kids ? Who get custody ? Masha , it seems quiet and makable , no quarrelling about who get the house and stock and then contesting the divorce with other details worked out . That's the change from all the back stepping we usually hear about . Well , I still can't believe it , Masha and Hero , the perfect couple . When would they divorce be final ?
That's really convenient . We were wondering if you could take a little off the rent , though . I can take two thousand off . That'll make the rent twenty-eight thousand . That's great . Every little bit counts . And we don't need the parking space . I guess we could rent it out . Sure , for at least three thousand per month .
I can take two thousand off . That'll make the rent twenty-eight thousand . That's great . Every little bit counts . And we don't need the parking space . I guess we could rent it out . Sure , for at least three thousand per month . That'll bring the price down to twenty-five . That's the price we were shooting for .
Mr . Black , I ' d like to take some time off . I ' Ve been feeling exhausted these days . That's no problem . Let me see ... You still have ten days annual leave left , is that right ? Yes . I was wondering if I could take another two weeks off . That's long leave . How's your project coming along ?
That's no problem . Let me see ... You still have ten days annual leave left , is that right ? Yes . I was wondering if I could take another two weeks off . That's long leave . How's your project coming along ? The project I'm in charged of now will be done by the end of this week . I'd like to take my leave from next Monday on .
Yes . I was wondering if I could take another two weeks off . That's long leave . How's your project coming along ? The project I'm in charged of now will be done by the end of this week . I'd like to take my leave from next Monday on . Well , all right . But you make sure to tie up loose ends before you leave .
That's long leave . How's your project coming along ? The project I'm in charged of now will be done by the end of this week . I'd like to take my leave from next Monday on . Well , all right . But you make sure to tie up loose ends before you leave . Thank you , Mr . Black . There are no immediate projects coming up at the moment . Mr . Smith will be in charge during my absence . He is taking part in several projects as my assistant and knows how to maintain relationships with our clients .
The project I'm in charged of now will be done by the end of this week . I'd like to take my leave from next Monday on . Well , all right . But you make sure to tie up loose ends before you leave . Thank you , Mr . Black . There are no immediate projects coming up at the moment . Mr . Smith will be in charge during my absence . He is taking part in several projects as my assistant and knows how to maintain relationships with our clients . Great ! I hope you have a good relaxation and come back refreshed .
It is my first time coming to China . I want to buy something unique of China to my friends as gifts . We have a great variety of Chinese antiques and porcelain . Do you like them ? Yes , I love them , but they are fragile . It is not convenient to take them . You are right . How about paintings and embroidered handkerchiefs ?
We have a great variety of Chinese antiques and porcelain . Do you like them ? Yes , I love them , but they are fragile . It is not convenient to take them . You are right . How about paintings and embroidered handkerchiefs ? Sounds good . May I have a look ?
Yes , I love them , but they are fragile . It is not convenient to take them . You are right . How about paintings and embroidered handkerchiefs ? Sounds good . May I have a look ? Of course . These paintings have many designs , such as animals , flowers , landscape , aquatics and so on .
You are right . How about paintings and embroidered handkerchiefs ? Sounds good . May I have a look ? Of course . These paintings have many designs , such as animals , flowers , landscape , aquatics and so on . They are beautiful , but I can't understand the connotation in them . Let me see the handkerchiefs .
Sounds good . May I have a look ? Of course . These paintings have many designs , such as animals , flowers , landscape , aquatics and so on . They are beautiful , but I can't understand the connotation in them . Let me see the handkerchiefs . All right . Chinese embroidery is one traditional art with elaborate design and high quality .
Of course . These paintings have many designs , such as animals , flowers , landscape , aquatics and so on . They are beautiful , but I can't understand the connotation in them . Let me see the handkerchiefs . All right . Chinese embroidery is one traditional art with elaborate design and high quality . Oh , I like the bamboo design . What is this ?
They are beautiful , but I can't understand the connotation in them . Let me see the handkerchiefs . All right . Chinese embroidery is one traditional art with elaborate design and high quality . Oh , I like the bamboo design . What is this ? This is a series of animals , called Chinese zodiac .
All right . Chinese embroidery is one traditional art with elaborate design and high quality . Oh , I like the bamboo design . What is this ? This is a series of animals , called Chinese zodiac . Good . So I will take three series and five bamboo ones .
I've got a temperature and my stomach hurts . How long have you been feeling this way ? It all started the day before yesterday . You seem to have picked up some kind of infection .
How long have you been feeling this way ? It all started the day before yesterday . You seem to have picked up some kind of infection . What should I do ?
Excuse me , did you see a set of keys ? What kind of keys ? Five keys and a small foot ornament . What a shame ! I didn't see them .
What kind of keys ? Five keys and a small foot ornament . What a shame ! I didn't see them . Well , can you help me look for it ? That's my first time here .
Five keys and a small foot ornament . What a shame ! I didn't see them . Well , can you help me look for it ? That's my first time here . Sure . It's my pleasure . I'd like to help you look for the missing keys .
What a shame ! I didn't see them . Well , can you help me look for it ? That's my first time here . Sure . It's my pleasure . I'd like to help you look for the missing keys . It's very kind of you .
Well , can you help me look for it ? That's my first time here . Sure . It's my pleasure . I'd like to help you look for the missing keys . It's very kind of you . It's not a big deal . Hey , I found them .
Sure . It's my pleasure . I'd like to help you look for the missing keys . It's very kind of you . It's not a big deal . Hey , I found them . Oh , thank God ! I don't know how to thank you , guys .
Passport , please , madam . Just a minute , please . It's in my bag . Here it is . Thank you . Please fill out the Baggage Declaration Form . All right . Shall I enter all my belongings ?
There are so many record players here . That is hard to choose . Look at this one . It has a radio and cassette player and built in speakers . I'd rather get one with separated speakers . They give a clear sound . Yes , but we shouldn't get any thing too big . Remember it has to fit in with our living room furniture .
Look at this one . It has a radio and cassette player and built in speakers . I'd rather get one with separated speakers . They give a clear sound . Yes , but we shouldn't get any thing too big . Remember it has to fit in with our living room furniture . That's right . Now this one looks alright ? It's a detached or do you prefer this one ? It's Sony .
Why did you apply for the position ? I learned from your ad . That you will provide on-the-job training for new employees . This is just what I need , because I'm a recent college graduate . I have the necessary knowledge and skills but I lack experience . What do you hope to become ? I want to prove my true value in the electronic industry , and hopefully in the near future I would be promoted to a higher position .
Are you ready to order , madam ? I'm on a diet . So I have to avoid food containing too much fat . Do you have vegetarian dishes ? Yes , We do have some choices for ladies like you . What about some green salad ? Does it taste good ?
I'm on a diet . So I have to avoid food containing too much fat . Do you have vegetarian dishes ? Yes , We do have some choices for ladies like you . What about some green salad ? Does it taste good ? Sure . It's a popular dish among young ladies .
Yes , We do have some choices for ladies like you . What about some green salad ? Does it taste good ? Sure . It's a popular dish among young ladies . I think I'll try it .
Does it taste good ? Sure . It's a popular dish among young ladies . I think I'll try it . We have three kinds of dressings for salad . Italian , French and Thousand Island . Which one would you like ?
Sure . It's a popular dish among young ladies . I think I'll try it . We have three kinds of dressings for salad . Italian , French and Thousand Island . Which one would you like ? French , please .
I think I'll try it . We have three kinds of dressings for salad . Italian , French and Thousand Island . Which one would you like ? French , please . OK . Do you want to order something else ?
Excuse me , do you have the latest issue of Newsworld ? Yes , this week's issue just came in . Here it is . How about Music Madness ? Let me check ... yes , we got the October issue a few days ago . It's on that shelf over there .
Hello . Hot water overflowed from the bathtub . Will you help me ? Would you turn off the tap ? I did it . Then will you put all the towels under the bathroom door ?
Would you turn off the tap ? I did it . Then will you put all the towels under the bathroom door ? OK . I will .
I did it . Then will you put all the towels under the bathroom door ? OK . I will . I'll have our housekeeper come right away .
Then will you put all the towels under the bathroom door ? OK . I will . I'll have our housekeeper come right away . I'm sorry I was too tired to fall asleep .
OK . I will . I'll have our housekeeper come right away . I'm sorry I was too tired to fall asleep . When you woke up , the water was coming out of the tub .
Hello ! Is that Sue ? Speaking . A . This is George .
Miss , would you like to try this free sample of our new suntan cream ? Sure , why not ? This is a new product of company this year . It's oil-free . I see . It feels very light on the skin .
Sure , why not ? This is a new product of company this year . It's oil-free . I see . It feels very light on the skin . It gives your skin a very natural healthy look .
Where is that ? Take me to the airport , please . Are you in a hurry ? I have to be there before 17 o'clock .
Take me to the airport , please . Are you in a hurry ? I have to be there before 17 o'clock . We'll make it except a jam . You know it's rush hour .
Are you in a hurry ? I have to be there before 17 o'clock . We'll make it except a jam . You know it's rush hour . There's an extra ten in it for you if you can get me there on time .
I have to be there before 17 o'clock . We'll make it except a jam . You know it's rush hour . There's an extra ten in it for you if you can get me there on time . I'll do my best .
We'll make it except a jam . You know it's rush hour . There's an extra ten in it for you if you can get me there on time . I'll do my best . Here's twenty dollars .
There's an extra ten in it for you if you can get me there on time . I'll do my best . Here's twenty dollars . Do you have small bills ?
I'll do my best . Here's twenty dollars . Do you have small bills ? No . If you can't break it , keep the change . But can you give me a receipt ?
Excuse me . Yes ? Can you tell me the way to the Peak Tram , please ? Certainly . Go along Queen's Road ...
Yes ? Can you tell me the way to the Peak Tram , please ? Certainly . Go along Queen's Road ... Along Queen's Road ...
Can you tell me the way to the Peak Tram , please ? Certainly . Go along Queen's Road ... Along Queen's Road ... Yes , and turn right at the Hilton Hotel .
Certainly . Go along Queen's Road ... Along Queen's Road ... Yes , and turn right at the Hilton Hotel . Right at the Hilton .
Along Queen's Road ... Yes , and turn right at the Hilton Hotel . Right at the Hilton . Then go up Garden Road , past the Cathedral .
Yes , and turn right at the Hilton Hotel . Right at the Hilton . Then go up Garden Road , past the Cathedral . The Cathedral ?
Right at the Hilton . Then go up Garden Road , past the Cathedral . The Cathedral ? Yes . Then cross the road at the next traffic lights . The Peak Tram is straight ahead . You can't miss it .
Then go up Garden Road , past the Cathedral . The Cathedral ? Yes . Then cross the road at the next traffic lights . The Peak Tram is straight ahead . You can't miss it . That's very kind of you . Thank you . Er ... have you got a pencil ?
The Cathedral ? Yes . Then cross the road at the next traffic lights . The Peak Tram is straight ahead . You can't miss it . That's very kind of you . Thank you . Er ... have you got a pencil ? Yes . Why ?
Thank you for purchasing your new mattress with us . No , thank you . Would you like us to deliver the mattress for you , sir ? That would be great .
No , thank you . Would you like us to deliver the mattress for you , sir ? That would be great . When do you want it delivered ?
Would you like us to deliver the mattress for you , sir ? That would be great . When do you want it delivered ? I need it delivered tomorrow . Will that be possible ?
That would be great . When do you want it delivered ? I need it delivered tomorrow . Will that be possible ? What time exactly ?
When do you want it delivered ? I need it delivered tomorrow . Will that be possible ? What time exactly ? I need it delivered at 12 o'clock .
I need it delivered tomorrow . Will that be possible ? What time exactly ? I need it delivered at 12 o'clock . We can have it to you at that time .
What time exactly ? I need it delivered at 12 o'clock . We can have it to you at that time . That's not a problem ?
I need it delivered at 12 o'clock . We can have it to you at that time . That's not a problem ? We will deliver your mattress tomorrow at 12 o'clock .
Recently I have been getting headache and my eyes don't seems to see focus properly . When did you last time have your eyes checked ? Two years ago . At that time I had no problems . Now I can ' t even make out something ten meters away . Come over here . I will test your eyes . First cover your left eye like this , and when I point , please read the chart from the top , and go as far as you can , telling me which way the " E " points .
When did you last time have your eyes checked ? Two years ago . At that time I had no problems . Now I can ' t even make out something ten meters away . Come over here . I will test your eyes . First cover your left eye like this , and when I point , please read the chart from the top , and go as far as you can , telling me which way the " E " points . All right .
Two years ago . At that time I had no problems . Now I can ' t even make out something ten meters away . Come over here . I will test your eyes . First cover your left eye like this , and when I point , please read the chart from the top , and go as far as you can , telling me which way the " E " points . All right . Good . Now the other eye .
Come over here . I will test your eyes . First cover your left eye like this , and when I point , please read the chart from the top , and go as far as you can , telling me which way the " E " points . All right . Good . Now the other eye . Well , this one is worse .
All right . Good . Now the other eye . Well , this one is worse . Never mind , just read as far as you can .
I'm glad these batteries are on sale . I'm sorry . These batteries are not on sale . But that's what the ad said . I'm sorry . If you look at the ad again , you'll see that the other brand is on sale .
I'm sorry . These batteries are not on sale . But that's what the ad said . I'm sorry . If you look at the ad again , you'll see that the other brand is on sale . Oh . You're right . I misread the ad .
But that's what the ad said . I'm sorry . If you look at the ad again , you'll see that the other brand is on sale . Oh . You're right . I misread the ad . Yes , many people make that mistake .
I'm sorry . If you look at the ad again , you'll see that the other brand is on sale . Oh . You're right . I misread the ad . Yes , many people make that mistake . Well , you can't blame them . It's a confusing ad .
Oh . You're right . I misread the ad . Yes , many people make that mistake . Well , you can't blame them . It's a confusing ad . You're right . Many ads are like that .
Yes , many people make that mistake . Well , you can't blame them . It's a confusing ad . You're right . Many ads are like that . Well , as long as I'm here .
Hi , John . Oh , hi , Mary , come on in . Any problem ? Oh , no problem . Great . I forgot to ask you , though . How long did you want the place ?
Oh , hi , Mary , come on in . Any problem ? Oh , no problem . Great . I forgot to ask you , though . How long did you want the place ? Six months .
Oh , no problem . Great . I forgot to ask you , though . How long did you want the place ? Six months . Oh , well , that might be a problem . I usually only sign one year leases .
Great . I forgot to ask you , though . How long did you want the place ? Six months . Oh , well , that might be a problem . I usually only sign one year leases . Well , one year would be fine , too . I ' m not planning on leaving the area anytime soon .
Six months . Oh , well , that might be a problem . I usually only sign one year leases . Well , one year would be fine , too . I ' m not planning on leaving the area anytime soon . Well , if it ' s not a problem . Then here you go .
Oh , well , that might be a problem . I usually only sign one year leases . Well , one year would be fine , too . I ' m not planning on leaving the area anytime soon . Well , if it ' s not a problem . Then here you go . Just let me look at it quickly .
Well , one year would be fine , too . I ' m not planning on leaving the area anytime soon . Well , if it ' s not a problem . Then here you go . Just let me look at it quickly . Of course .
Well , if it ' s not a problem . Then here you go . Just let me look at it quickly . Of course . Looks like a standard lease .
Just let me look at it quickly . Of course . Looks like a standard lease . Yeah , and don ' t worry about the security deposit . If everything ' s all right when you move out , you ' ll get it back .
Of course . Looks like a standard lease . Yeah , and don ' t worry about the security deposit . If everything ' s all right when you move out , you ' ll get it back . O . K . Great . Just sign and date it here ?
Looks like a standard lease . Yeah , and don ' t worry about the security deposit . If everything ' s all right when you move out , you ' ll get it back . O . K . Great . Just sign and date it here ? Yes . Thanks . You can move your stuff in tomorrow .
Do you have any night tours ? Yes , we will depart in 10 minutes . Is that a guided tour ? Yes , it is .
What do you think of this dress ? Do you think it suits me ? Sure . Why don ' t you try it on ? The fitting room is over there . It ' s just the right size-a perfect fit ! Have you seen anything you like ? I ' m thinking about buying this sweater . I know it ' s June now , but it will be perfect for autumn and winter .
Sure . Why don ' t you try it on ? The fitting room is over there . It ' s just the right size-a perfect fit ! Have you seen anything you like ? I ' m thinking about buying this sweater . I know it ' s June now , but it will be perfect for autumn and winter . It looks too big for you , but I like the color and the material is good quality . Is it on sale ?
It ' s just the right size-a perfect fit ! Have you seen anything you like ? I ' m thinking about buying this sweater . I know it ' s June now , but it will be perfect for autumn and winter . It looks too big for you , but I like the color and the material is good quality . Is it on sale ? Yes , it ' s half price . It ' s supposed to be too large--that ' s the fashion .
I ' m thinking about buying this sweater . I know it ' s June now , but it will be perfect for autumn and winter . It looks too big for you , but I like the color and the material is good quality . Is it on sale ? Yes , it ' s half price . It ' s supposed to be too large--that ' s the fashion . I might get one too , but in a different color . I prefer light blue to white .
It looks too big for you , but I like the color and the material is good quality . Is it on sale ? Yes , it ' s half price . It ' s supposed to be too large--that ' s the fashion . I might get one too , but in a different color . I prefer light blue to white . There . It looks great , don ' t you think ? I ' m going to get these jeans as well . I need a new pair . I ' m also going to buy this scarf ready for winter .
Yes , it ' s half price . It ' s supposed to be too large--that ' s the fashion . I might get one too , but in a different color . I prefer light blue to white . There . It looks great , don ' t you think ? I ' m going to get these jeans as well . I need a new pair . I ' m also going to buy this scarf ready for winter . I ' m getting this beret ? Doesn ' t it look cool ? I ' d like to get some jeans too , but I don ' t have enough cash on me .
I might get one too , but in a different color . I prefer light blue to white . There . It looks great , don ' t you think ? I ' m going to get these jeans as well . I need a new pair . I ' m also going to buy this scarf ready for winter . I ' m getting this beret ? Doesn ' t it look cool ? I ' d like to get some jeans too , but I don ' t have enough cash on me . Don ' t worry . I ' Ve got my credit card . You can pay me back later .
Excuse me , you look lost . Can I help you ? Oh , Thank you . I'm looking for the train station . Right . Let me see . You go straight down here and turn right . Right ? OK , got it .
Oh , Thank you . I'm looking for the train station . Right . Let me see . You go straight down here and turn right . Right ? OK , got it . Then take the next left then the next right . Are you with me ?
I'd like a double room . Do you have a reservation ? Yes , I called you last week from New York . My name is George Lee . Wait a second , PLS . Yes , Mr . Lee , we have a room reserved for you . How long do you plan to stay ?
Do you have a reservation ? Yes , I called you last week from New York . My name is George Lee . Wait a second , PLS . Yes , Mr . Lee , we have a room reserved for you . How long do you plan to stay ? Probably two days . My wife will join me tomorrow . Then we will decide when to leave for Seattle .
Yes , I called you last week from New York . My name is George Lee . Wait a second , PLS . Yes , Mr . Lee , we have a room reserved for you . How long do you plan to stay ? Probably two days . My wife will join me tomorrow . Then we will decide when to leave for Seattle . Would you sign the register , PLS ?
Wait a second , PLS . Yes , Mr . Lee , we have a room reserved for you . How long do you plan to stay ? Probably two days . My wife will join me tomorrow . Then we will decide when to leave for Seattle . Would you sign the register , PLS ? By the way , does my room have a private bath ?
Probably two days . My wife will join me tomorrow . Then we will decide when to leave for Seattle . Would you sign the register , PLS ? By the way , does my room have a private bath ? Certainly , every room in this hotel has a private bath .
Would you sign the register , PLS ? By the way , does my room have a private bath ? Certainly , every room in this hotel has a private bath . Does my room have twin beds or a double ? I prefer a room with twin beds .
By the way , does my room have a private bath ? Certainly , every room in this hotel has a private bath . Does my room have twin beds or a double ? I prefer a room with twin beds . Your room has twin beds , Mr . Lee . It also has a view . I am sure you will like it . This is your key . It's on the eighth floor room 801 . The elevator's over there .
Certainly , every room in this hotel has a private bath . Does my room have twin beds or a double ? I prefer a room with twin beds . Your room has twin beds , Mr . Lee . It also has a view . I am sure you will like it . This is your key . It's on the eighth floor room 801 . The elevator's over there . Thank you . One more thing , where is your restaurant ?
Does my room have twin beds or a double ? I prefer a room with twin beds . Your room has twin beds , Mr . Lee . It also has a view . I am sure you will like it . This is your key . It's on the eighth floor room 801 . The elevator's over there . Thank you . One more thing , where is your restaurant ? The restaurant is on the second floor . We also have a cafeteria on the top floor . If you would like something to drink , you can either call room service or come down here . The bar is right behind the lobby .
Your room has twin beds , Mr . Lee . It also has a view . I am sure you will like it . This is your key . It's on the eighth floor room 801 . The elevator's over there . Thank you . One more thing , where is your restaurant ? The restaurant is on the second floor . We also have a cafeteria on the top floor . If you would like something to drink , you can either call room service or come down here . The bar is right behind the lobby . Thank you , you are very kind !
There are so many eating utensils on the table . Which ones do I use first ? Use them from the outside in . I see . A set for appetizers and another for the main course . Right . We do the same thing at home . Don't you remember ?
Use them from the outside in . I see . A set for appetizers and another for the main course . Right . We do the same thing at home . Don't you remember ? Oh yeah . The big napkin goes on my lap .
I see . A set for appetizers and another for the main course . Right . We do the same thing at home . Don't you remember ? Oh yeah . The big napkin goes on my lap . Let's look at our menus .
Right . We do the same thing at home . Don't you remember ? Oh yeah . The big napkin goes on my lap . Let's look at our menus . Cindy , help me order because I'm still not very familiar with American cooking .
Yes , ma'am , how could I help you ? I am wondering if you do facial care ? Yes , we do . How much would it be ?
I am wondering if you do facial care ? Yes , we do . How much would it be ? From 200 to 800 .
Yes , we do . How much would it be ? From 200 to 800 . I'm afraid 800 is too expensive for me . Could you recommend something around 300 ?
I want to go try on these clothes . What did you find ? I found some jeans , and a new blouse . Go and try it on .
What did you find ? I found some jeans , and a new blouse . Go and try it on . What do you think ?
I found some jeans , and a new blouse . Go and try it on . What do you think ? I love that shirt on you .
Go and try it on . What do you think ? I love that shirt on you . What about the jeans ?
What do you think ? I love that shirt on you . What about the jeans ? They don't really fit you right .
I love that shirt on you . What about the jeans ? They don't really fit you right . I don't think so either .
What about the jeans ? They don't really fit you right . I don't think so either . That blouse is absolutely wonderful on you though .
They don't really fit you right . I don't think so either . That blouse is absolutely wonderful on you though . Well , I'll just buy the shirt .
Yes , sir ? Can I have Mr . J . Smith paged ? He said he'd be in the main dining room . I'm Mr . J . B . White . Who would you like to have paged again , sir ? Mr . J . Smith .
Can I have Mr . J . Smith paged ? He said he'd be in the main dining room . I'm Mr . J . B . White . Who would you like to have paged again , sir ? Mr . J . Smith . Where would you like him to come ?
Who would you like to have paged again , sir ? Mr . J . Smith . Where would you like him to come ? To the front desk .
I haven't told you what happened yet , have I ? I haven't heard anything . My boss offered me a promotion , and I took it . Are you serious ?
I haven't heard anything . My boss offered me a promotion , and I took it . Are you serious ? Yes , I am really excited .
My boss offered me a promotion , and I took it . Are you serious ? Yes , I am really excited . That's great . Congratulations .
Are you serious ? Yes , I am really excited . That's great . Congratulations . I appreciate that .
Yes , I am really excited . That's great . Congratulations . I appreciate that . You have no idea how happy I am for you .
That's great . Congratulations . I appreciate that . You have no idea how happy I am for you . For real ?
What's our target audience for this campaign ? This go-around we're focusing on new moms , families with median income and one or more children under the age of two . Do you think that's much different from the succor moms we tailored the last campaign for ? Well , there are some similarities that come up . Because both groups are made up of mothers ... so as before , we can play up on maternal instincts , hygiene , safety , along those lines . But that being said , there are some specific differences that come into play because we are dealing with mothers of infants here .
This go-around we're focusing on new moms , families with median income and one or more children under the age of two . Do you think that's much different from the succor moms we tailored the last campaign for ? Well , there are some similarities that come up . Because both groups are made up of mothers ... so as before , we can play up on maternal instincts , hygiene , safety , along those lines . But that being said , there are some specific differences that come into play because we are dealing with mothers of infants here . Right , that makes sense . What's the average age ?
Taxi ! Yes , sir . Where to ? Wangfujing , please ! All right .
Yes , sir . Where to ? Wangfujing , please ! All right . Oh , I like the music on your radio . It's nice .
Wangfujing , please ! All right . Oh , I like the music on your radio . It's nice . Thank you ! I always tune to this program when driving . So what's your favorite program ?
All right . Oh , I like the music on your radio . It's nice . Thank you ! I always tune to this program when driving . So what's your favorite program ? I like Winner's English very mush . You know the Beijing Olympic Games is right around the corner . We should learn English Well . It's on FM 96 . 6 , China Business Radio . You can get it on your radio too .
Oh , I like the music on your radio . It's nice . Thank you ! I always tune to this program when driving . So what's your favorite program ? I like Winner's English very mush . You know the Beijing Olympic Games is right around the corner . We should learn English Well . It's on FM 96 . 6 , China Business Radio . You can get it on your radio too . But I don't speak English at all .
Thank you ! I always tune to this program when driving . So what's your favorite program ? I like Winner's English very mush . You know the Beijing Olympic Games is right around the corner . We should learn English Well . It's on FM 96 . 6 , China Business Radio . You can get it on your radio too . But I don't speak English at all . That's OK . The program is especially for the beginners like us .
I like Winner's English very mush . You know the Beijing Olympic Games is right around the corner . We should learn English Well . It's on FM 96 . 6 , China Business Radio . You can get it on your radio too . But I don't speak English at all . That's OK . The program is especially for the beginners like us . Really ? When is it on ?
But I don't speak English at all . That's OK . The program is especially for the beginners like us . Really ? When is it on ? It begins at 6:40 every morning , and it goes for 20 minutes .
That's OK . The program is especially for the beginners like us . Really ? When is it on ? It begins at 6:40 every morning , and it goes for 20 minutes . Thank you so much . I'll try and catch that .
Really ? When is it on ? It begins at 6:40 every morning , and it goes for 20 minutes . Thank you so much . I'll try and catch that . The radio has brought us lots of convenience .
It begins at 6:40 every morning , and it goes for 20 minutes . Thank you so much . I'll try and catch that . The radio has brought us lots of convenience . Yes , I can also learn about the traffic condition through it .
Thank you so much . I'll try and catch that . The radio has brought us lots of convenience . Yes , I can also learn about the traffic condition through it . With the development of the society and technology , radio is nearly everywhere .
How long does it take to get to downtown from here ? It is 15 minutes ' drive . What companies do we have in our neighborhood ? Mitsubishi , HP , IBM and many other famous corporations .
It is 15 minutes ' drive . What companies do we have in our neighborhood ? Mitsubishi , HP , IBM and many other famous corporations . Does the 7th floor belong to our company too ?
What companies do we have in our neighborhood ? Mitsubishi , HP , IBM and many other famous corporations . Does the 7th floor belong to our company too ? Yes , our company has two floors , the 6th and 7th floor in this building .
Mitsubishi , HP , IBM and many other famous corporations . Does the 7th floor belong to our company too ? Yes , our company has two floors , the 6th and 7th floor in this building . It ' s such a large firm . Do we have our own staff restaurant ?
Hello , China Southern Airlines . Can I help you ? Yes , could I make a reservation to New York on July 21st , next Friday ? Sorry , there is no flight available on July 21st . That's too bad . What's the earliest flight available ?
Yes , could I make a reservation to New York on July 21st , next Friday ? Sorry , there is no flight available on July 21st . That's too bad . What's the earliest flight available ? I can give you a reservation on flight No CZ 387 on July 22nd .
Sorry , there is no flight available on July 21st . That's too bad . What's the earliest flight available ? I can give you a reservation on flight No CZ 387 on July 22nd . What about the fight schedule ?
That's too bad . What's the earliest flight available ? I can give you a reservation on flight No CZ 387 on July 22nd . What about the fight schedule ? It departs at 12:10 and arrives at 15:10 next day .
I can give you a reservation on flight No CZ 387 on July 22nd . What about the fight schedule ? It departs at 12:10 and arrives at 15:10 next day . Is it a non-stop flight ?
What about the fight schedule ? It departs at 12:10 and arrives at 15:10 next day . Is it a non-stop flight ? Yes .
It departs at 12:10 and arrives at 15:10 next day . Is it a non-stop flight ? Yes . Sounds good . I'd like to take this flight .
Is it a non-stop flight ? Yes . Sounds good . I'd like to take this flight . Would you prefer first class or economy class ?
Yes . Sounds good . I'd like to take this flight . Would you prefer first class or economy class ? Economy class .
Sounds good . I'd like to take this flight . Would you prefer first class or economy class ? Economy class . And your name , please ?
Would you prefer first class or economy class ? Economy class . And your name , please ? Edward Smith .
Economy class . And your name , please ? Edward Smith . Mr . Smith , you can get things fixed through our agencies in Guangzhou . Do remember to bring your passport with you .
And your name , please ? Edward Smith . Mr . Smith , you can get things fixed through our agencies in Guangzhou . Do remember to bring your passport with you . Yes , many thanks . Goodbye .
May I help you , madam ? Yes . I ' m trying to find a pair of earrings to match my necklace . Can you recommend some to me ? Yes . Your gold necklace has a diamond pendant , and your eardrops should be These look wonderful . Do these come with a guarantee of quality ?
Yes . I ' m trying to find a pair of earrings to match my necklace . Can you recommend some to me ? Yes . Your gold necklace has a diamond pendant , and your eardrops should be These look wonderful . Do these come with a guarantee of quality ? Of course . If there is anything wrong with them , you can come back and show me the guarantee of quality , and then you will surely get free service .
Hi , I need to make an appointment to see the doctor . What seems to be the problem ? I have a rash that I need a doctor to look at . Do you have a fever with that rash ?
What seems to be the problem ? I have a rash that I need a doctor to look at . Do you have a fever with that rash ? No , it just itches a lot .
I have a rash that I need a doctor to look at . Do you have a fever with that rash ? No , it just itches a lot . I have openings on Tuesday or Wednesday . Which would be best for you ?
Do you have a fever with that rash ? No , it just itches a lot . I have openings on Tuesday or Wednesday . Which would be best for you ? I need an appointment on Tuesday .
No , it just itches a lot . I have openings on Tuesday or Wednesday . Which would be best for you ? I need an appointment on Tuesday . Fine , I am putting you down for 9
I have openings on Tuesday or Wednesday . Which would be best for you ? I need an appointment on Tuesday . Fine , I am putting you down for 9 I would like to see Dr . Jones .
Good morning . sir . My name is Liu Peng from Tsinghai University . I am here for the interview relating to my visa application . Glad to meet you . Would you mind if I ask you some questions ? Of course not . Why do you want to go to the US ?
Glad to meet you . Would you mind if I ask you some questions ? Of course not . Why do you want to go to the US ? I'd like to have further education . Now I am studying for my doctorate .
Of course not . Why do you want to go to the US ? I'd like to have further education . Now I am studying for my doctorate . Will you get any kind of scholarship ?
Hey ! What happened ? ! My song was only half way through and it skipped to the next song . I don't know what happened ! You cancelled the song , didn't you , Jack ? No , I didn't . Really !
Where can I get my baggage ? Are you from a domestic flight or an international one ? An international one from Seattle . In that case , you should go to the baggage hall over there .
Good morning ! Can I speak to Miss Cooper please ? Would you hold on a second , please ? Miss Cooper's extension is engaged . Engaged . Oh , dear ! Could you tell her it's a long-distance call ?
Can I speak to Miss Cooper please ? Would you hold on a second , please ? Miss Cooper's extension is engaged . Engaged . Oh , dear ! Could you tell her it's a long-distance call ? I'm sorry , sir . I can't interrupt her . I'm sure she won't be very long .
Would you hold on a second , please ? Miss Cooper's extension is engaged . Engaged . Oh , dear ! Could you tell her it's a long-distance call ? I'm sorry , sir . I can't interrupt her . I'm sure she won't be very long . How long do you think she'll be ?
Engaged . Oh , dear ! Could you tell her it's a long-distance call ? I'm sorry , sir . I can't interrupt her . I'm sure she won't be very long . How long do you think she'll be ? I really can't say how long she'll be .
I'm sorry , sir . I can't interrupt her . I'm sure she won't be very long . How long do you think she'll be ? I really can't say how long she'll be . Can I leave a message , please ?
How long do you think she'll be ? I really can't say how long she'll be . Can I leave a message , please ? Yes , certainly .
I really can't say how long she'll be . Can I leave a message , please ? Yes , certainly . Can you tell her I'm waiting to speak to her ?
Can I leave a message , please ? Yes , certainly . Can you tell her I'm waiting to speak to her ? Yes , sir . I'll ring her on an inside line if you like .
What can I do for you ? I need some medicine . For whom ? My wife . She suffers from a bad cold .
I need some medicine . For whom ? My wife . She suffers from a bad cold . What symptoms does she have ?
For whom ? My wife . She suffers from a bad cold . What symptoms does she have ? Fever and a bad cough .
My wife . She suffers from a bad cold . What symptoms does she have ? Fever and a bad cough . I see . Don't worry , just a common cold .
What symptoms does she have ? Fever and a bad cough . I see . Don't worry , just a common cold . What kind of medicine does she need ?
Fever and a bad cough . I see . Don't worry , just a common cold . What kind of medicine does she need ? Patulin will be enough .
I see . Don't worry , just a common cold . What kind of medicine does she need ? Patulin will be enough . How many pills for each time ?
What kind of medicine does she need ? Patulin will be enough . How many pills for each time ? Nine pills per day , and three pills after each meal .
Patulin will be enough . How many pills for each time ? Nine pills per day , and three pills after each meal . Thank you very much .
Hello . This is the Holiday Inn . Can I help you ? Hi . Is there a special rate for a group reservation ? Yes . There is a 20 % to 40 % discount . It depends on the season . During the summer the discount is 20 % . During the winter it is 40 % . I need five single rooms in October . How much of a discount can I get ?
Hi . Is there a special rate for a group reservation ? Yes . There is a 20 % to 40 % discount . It depends on the season . During the summer the discount is 20 % . During the winter it is 40 % . I need five single rooms in October . How much of a discount can I get ? Our summer season ended in September . So the discount will be 40 % . That ' s a good deal . Would you prefer rooms with a front view or rear view ?
Yes . There is a 20 % to 40 % discount . It depends on the season . During the summer the discount is 20 % . During the winter it is 40 % . I need five single rooms in October . How much of a discount can I get ? Our summer season ended in September . So the discount will be 40 % . That ' s a good deal . Would you prefer rooms with a front view or rear view ? Front view , please .
I need five single rooms in October . How much of a discount can I get ? Our summer season ended in September . So the discount will be 40 % . That ' s a good deal . Would you prefer rooms with a front view or rear view ? Front view , please . What date and time will you be checking in ?
Our summer season ended in September . So the discount will be 40 % . That ' s a good deal . Would you prefer rooms with a front view or rear view ? Front view , please . What date and time will you be checking in ? October 25th around 2:00 in the afternoon .
Front view , please . What date and time will you be checking in ? October 25th around 2:00 in the afternoon . We need you to send a deposit for 1/3 of the bill . You can send the check , or you can use the credit card .
What date and time will you be checking in ? October 25th around 2:00 in the afternoon . We need you to send a deposit for 1/3 of the bill . You can send the check , or you can use the credit card . Ok . I ' ll send a check .
October 25th around 2:00 in the afternoon . We need you to send a deposit for 1/3 of the bill . You can send the check , or you can use the credit card . Ok . I ' ll send a check . Could you tell me your name , address and phone number , please ?
We need you to send a deposit for 1/3 of the bill . You can send the check , or you can use the credit card . Ok . I ' ll send a check . Could you tell me your name , address and phone number , please ? Sure . My name is Anderson . My address is 109 Ferguson East , Holton . And my phone number is 309 789 1267 .
May I help you ? Yes , I would like to exchange some money . what currency would you like to trade in ? I would like to exchange Chinese RIB for American dollars . Do you accept $ 100 bills ?
Yes , I would like to exchange some money . what currency would you like to trade in ? I would like to exchange Chinese RIB for American dollars . Do you accept $ 100 bills ? No problem , we can accept any denomination . How much would you like to exchange today ?
what currency would you like to trade in ? I would like to exchange Chinese RIB for American dollars . Do you accept $ 100 bills ? No problem , we can accept any denomination . How much would you like to exchange today ? Well , that depends on the rate . How much is the RIB trading at today ?
I would like to exchange Chinese RIB for American dollars . Do you accept $ 100 bills ? No problem , we can accept any denomination . How much would you like to exchange today ? Well , that depends on the rate . How much is the RIB trading at today ? It's a shame you didn't come a little earlier , the exchange rate was reset yesterday afternoon . The American dollar is now worth 7 . 45RMB . If you would like to sell RIB , we can give you a rate of 7 . 35 . Will that be all right ?
Hello , this is Lucy . May I speak to Mr . Smith ? Oh , hello , Lucy . What's up ? I'm afraid I can't come to work today , Mr . Smith . Oh , what's wrong with you ?
Oh , hello , Lucy . What's up ? I'm afraid I can't come to work today , Mr . Smith . Oh , what's wrong with you ? I've got a fever and a very sore throat .
I'm afraid I can't come to work today , Mr . Smith . Oh , what's wrong with you ? I've got a fever and a very sore throat . Well , you sound ill over the phone .
Oh , what's wrong with you ? I've got a fever and a very sore throat . Well , you sound ill over the phone . Yes . I have to stay in bed today , but I'll be able to come tomorrow .
I've got a fever and a very sore throat . Well , you sound ill over the phone . Yes . I have to stay in bed today , but I'll be able to come tomorrow . That's all right . Have a good rest until you feel well enough .
Well , you sound ill over the phone . Yes . I have to stay in bed today , but I'll be able to come tomorrow . That's all right . Have a good rest until you feel well enough . Thank you , Mr . Smith . Goodbye .
You really need to look at some of the problems we are having with the apartment . That apartment never had any problems before . Are you sure the problem isn ' t you ? We spoke with you the first week we moved in about things that you promised to fix . Where do you think you have problems ?
That apartment never had any problems before . Are you sure the problem isn ' t you ? We spoke with you the first week we moved in about things that you promised to fix . Where do you think you have problems ? There is no hot water , the bedroom has a broken window , and there are rats in the kitchen .
We spoke with you the first week we moved in about things that you promised to fix . Where do you think you have problems ? There is no hot water , the bedroom has a broken window , and there are rats in the kitchen . You know , no one else who has been in that apartment has had a problem before .
Where do you think you have problems ? There is no hot water , the bedroom has a broken window , and there are rats in the kitchen . You know , no one else who has been in that apartment has had a problem before . You are obligated to maintain your building and my apartment .
There is no hot water , the bedroom has a broken window , and there are rats in the kitchen . You know , no one else who has been in that apartment has had a problem before . You are obligated to maintain your building and my apartment . I will fix these problems when I get around to it .
You know , no one else who has been in that apartment has had a problem before . You are obligated to maintain your building and my apartment . I will fix these problems when I get around to it . I will be withholding my rent check this Friday unless these problems are addressed immediately .
Hi , do you have any tickets for the show tonight ? Sorry , it ' s all sold out . Well , do you have any for tomorrow ? We have tickets for the matinee . It starts at 3p . m .
Sorry , it ' s all sold out . Well , do you have any for tomorrow ? We have tickets for the matinee . It starts at 3p . m . Ok . I ' ll take it .
Well , do you have any for tomorrow ? We have tickets for the matinee . It starts at 3p . m . Ok . I ' ll take it . Where would you like to sit ?
We have tickets for the matinee . It starts at 3p . m . Ok . I ' ll take it . Where would you like to sit ? Do you have anything in the middle section ? I want a good view , but sitting too close hurts my eyes .
Give me a pack of first-class stamps , please . Here you are . That will be five dollars . Anything else ? Yes . I want some post cards and some airmail stamps . I want to send some letters to South America . Just a moment , I'll look up the rate for air-mail letters to South America .
Here you are . That will be five dollars . Anything else ? Yes . I want some post cards and some airmail stamps . I want to send some letters to South America . Just a moment , I'll look up the rate for air-mail letters to South America . Can you tell me how much it will cost to send a package to Colombia ? Also , I what to know how long it will take .
Yes . I want some post cards and some airmail stamps . I want to send some letters to South America . Just a moment , I'll look up the rate for air-mail letters to South America . Can you tell me how much it will cost to send a package to Colombia ? Also , I what to know how long it will take . Do you have the package with you ? I would have to weigh it to see how much it would cost .
Just a moment , I'll look up the rate for air-mail letters to South America . Can you tell me how much it will cost to send a package to Colombia ? Also , I what to know how long it will take . Do you have the package with you ? I would have to weigh it to see how much it would cost . Do you insure package ?
Can you tell me how much it will cost to send a package to Colombia ? Also , I what to know how long it will take . Do you have the package with you ? I would have to weigh it to see how much it would cost . Do you insure package ? Yes . All you have to do declare the value of the package and decide how much you want to insure it for .
Do you have the package with you ? I would have to weigh it to see how much it would cost . Do you insure package ? Yes . All you have to do declare the value of the package and decide how much you want to insure it for . Is there a way that I can be sure that the people in South america receive my package ?
Do you insure package ? Yes . All you have to do declare the value of the package and decide how much you want to insure it for . Is there a way that I can be sure that the people in South america receive my package ? The post office rarely loses package . You can , however , request a rectum receipt .
Yes . All you have to do declare the value of the package and decide how much you want to insure it for . Is there a way that I can be sure that the people in South america receive my package ? The post office rarely loses package . You can , however , request a rectum receipt . One last question-what are your hours ?
Is there a way that I can be sure that the people in South america receive my package ? The post office rarely loses package . You can , however , request a rectum receipt . One last question-what are your hours ? We open at eight-thirty in the morning and close at five-thirty in the afternoon .
Marry Lin's Office , this is Linda . Linda , this is David Wang . Hi , Mr . Wang , what can I help you with ? I need to talk with Marry .
Linda , this is David Wang . Hi , Mr . Wang , what can I help you with ? I need to talk with Marry . Certainly , hold on .
Here ' s my passport . I'm a visiting scholar . Do you have anything to declare ? No , these are all my personal effects . What's in the bag ? Would you mind opening the bag ?
Do you have anything to declare ? No , these are all my personal effects . What's in the bag ? Would you mind opening the bag ? Not at all . I don't know what's dutiable . Do I have to pay duty on things for my own use ?
No , these are all my personal effects . What's in the bag ? Would you mind opening the bag ? Not at all . I don't know what's dutiable . Do I have to pay duty on things for my own use ? NO . You don't have to pay duty on personal belongings .
Is there anything I can do for you ? I'm interested in taking a tour to Sydney . Well , we have a package tour there . How much does it cost ?
I'm interested in taking a tour to Sydney . Well , we have a package tour there . How much does it cost ? $ 600 .
Well , we have a package tour there . How much does it cost ? $ 600 . Does that include the insurance ?
Mary , can you tell me how you keep in shape ? You'll never be in shape until you eat less and take more exercise . Now , tell me what you often eat . I often eat fish and eggs .
You'll never be in shape until you eat less and take more exercise . Now , tell me what you often eat . I often eat fish and eggs . Do you eat a lot of vegetables ?
Now , tell me what you often eat . I often eat fish and eggs . Do you eat a lot of vegetables ? Oh yes , and fruits . I love fruits very much .
I often eat fish and eggs . Do you eat a lot of vegetables ? Oh yes , and fruits . I love fruits very much . What do you like to drink ?
Do you eat a lot of vegetables ? Oh yes , and fruits . I love fruits very much . What do you like to drink ? Well , I never drink alcohol , coffee or tea .
Oh yes , and fruits . I love fruits very much . What do you like to drink ? Well , I never drink alcohol , coffee or tea . Whatever would you like to drink ?
What do you like to drink ? Well , I never drink alcohol , coffee or tea . Whatever would you like to drink ? I drink a lot of milk . I drink milk almost every day .
Well , I never drink alcohol , coffee or tea . Whatever would you like to drink ? I drink a lot of milk . I drink milk almost every day . How often do you exercise ?
Whatever would you like to drink ? I drink a lot of milk . I drink milk almost every day . How often do you exercise ? Well , I walk every day .
I drink a lot of milk . I drink milk almost every day . How often do you exercise ? Well , I walk every day . It's a good diet and a regular exercise .
Where are you feeling the pain ? I can ' t stand up ! My stomach is killing me ! Can you put your hand where it hurts the most ? It hurts smack in the middle of my gut !
I can ' t stand up ! My stomach is killing me ! Can you put your hand where it hurts the most ? It hurts smack in the middle of my gut ! Did this just come on suddenly ?
Can you put your hand where it hurts the most ? It hurts smack in the middle of my gut ! Did this just come on suddenly ? I felt OK until an hour or so ago , and then I just doubled over .
It hurts smack in the middle of my gut ! Did this just come on suddenly ? I felt OK until an hour or so ago , and then I just doubled over . Have you exercised strenuously or played sports recently ?
Did this just come on suddenly ? I felt OK until an hour or so ago , and then I just doubled over . Have you exercised strenuously or played sports recently ? No , and I don ' t usually get a lot of stomachaches .
I felt OK until an hour or so ago , and then I just doubled over . Have you exercised strenuously or played sports recently ? No , and I don ' t usually get a lot of stomachaches . We need to get you to an emergency room to see what the problem is .
Have you brought the receipt with you ? No , I don't . I left it home . Sorry , but we can't do anything without the receipt . Come back with it . I didn't know . I'll go to get it . How late will you be open ?
So , how should we get to the theatre ? Let's take the bus . I hate the bus system in London ! The bus drivers are rude , the buses are never on time , and there are few people around who can help you . It's not that bad . You probably just had a bad experience once .
Let's take the bus . I hate the bus system in London ! The bus drivers are rude , the buses are never on time , and there are few people around who can help you . It's not that bad . You probably just had a bad experience once . It wasn't just once . Every single time I take the bus , something bad happens to me or to someone else on the bus .
I hate the bus system in London ! The bus drivers are rude , the buses are never on time , and there are few people around who can help you . It's not that bad . You probably just had a bad experience once . It wasn't just once . Every single time I take the bus , something bad happens to me or to someone else on the bus . We could take the subway , but we'd have to go three stops along one line and then change trains twice .
It's not that bad . You probably just had a bad experience once . It wasn't just once . Every single time I take the bus , something bad happens to me or to someone else on the bus . We could take the subway , but we'd have to go three stops along one line and then change trains twice . Train fares are twice as expensive as the bus fare , too .
It wasn't just once . Every single time I take the bus , something bad happens to me or to someone else on the bus . We could take the subway , but we'd have to go three stops along one line and then change trains twice . Train fares are twice as expensive as the bus fare , too . If we don't hurry up , we'll miss the show . Should we take the bus ?
We could take the subway , but we'd have to go three stops along one line and then change trains twice . Train fares are twice as expensive as the bus fare , too . If we don't hurry up , we'll miss the show . Should we take the bus ? We're already late , so I think we had better take a taxi .
Train fares are twice as expensive as the bus fare , too . If we don't hurry up , we'll miss the show . Should we take the bus ? We're already late , so I think we had better take a taxi . I don't think we'll be able to find a taxi very easily during hush hours . Let's just take the bus .
If we don't hurry up , we'll miss the show . Should we take the bus ? We're already late , so I think we had better take a taxi . I don't think we'll be able to find a taxi very easily during hush hours . Let's just take the bus . Fine . Have a look at the timetable to find out when the next one arrives .
We're already late , so I think we had better take a taxi . I don't think we'll be able to find a taxi very easily during hush hours . Let's just take the bus . Fine . Have a look at the timetable to find out when the next one arrives . It looks like it should be here in just a few minutes . don't worry . Nothing bad will happen . I'll even buy your ticket for you .
I don't think we'll be able to find a taxi very easily during hush hours . Let's just take the bus . Fine . Have a look at the timetable to find out when the next one arrives . It looks like it should be here in just a few minutes . don't worry . Nothing bad will happen . I'll even buy your ticket for you . Thanks , that was nice of you .
The bathroom looks lovely . Did you redecorate it yourself or did you get someone in to do it for you ? I did it myself . I went online and found a lot of website devoted to home improvement . Then I went to DIY shop and bought everything I needed . I ' m sure I saved a lot of money by doing it myself and it was fun too . I learnt a lot by doing it myself . So , let ' s see . You have put new tiles on the floor and replaced a few tiles on the walls . You ' Ve also added a small cupboard for toiletries . The bath , shower , and washbasin are the same as before , aren ' t they ? Yes , they are . I gave them a good clean . They are in good condition and don ' t need to be replaced .
I did it myself . I went online and found a lot of website devoted to home improvement . Then I went to DIY shop and bought everything I needed . I ' m sure I saved a lot of money by doing it myself and it was fun too . I learnt a lot by doing it myself . So , let ' s see . You have put new tiles on the floor and replaced a few tiles on the walls . You ' Ve also added a small cupboard for toiletries . The bath , shower , and washbasin are the same as before , aren ' t they ? Yes , they are . I gave them a good clean . They are in good condition and don ' t need to be replaced . How long did it take you to do the tiling .
So , let ' s see . You have put new tiles on the floor and replaced a few tiles on the walls . You ' Ve also added a small cupboard for toiletries . The bath , shower , and washbasin are the same as before , aren ' t they ? Yes , they are . I gave them a good clean . They are in good condition and don ' t need to be replaced . How long did it take you to do the tiling . As I hadn ' t done it before , I had to keep referring to income 3ation I got from the internet . Doing the floor tiles took a whole day-from early morning to right through to the evening . Then I spent a few hours replacing the cracked wall tiles . Putting the cupboard up took about an hour , so it took me two days altogether .
Yes , they are . I gave them a good clean . They are in good condition and don ' t need to be replaced . How long did it take you to do the tiling . As I hadn ' t done it before , I had to keep referring to income 3ation I got from the internet . Doing the floor tiles took a whole day-from early morning to right through to the evening . Then I spent a few hours replacing the cracked wall tiles . Putting the cupboard up took about an hour , so it took me two days altogether . I think you ' Ve done a very good job . As least as good as a professional would do . Perhaps I can convince you to redo my bathroom ?
Are you ready to go shopping ? Just a minute . I need to make a list of thinks that we need . Good idea . Have you written down potatoes , carrots , and onions ? I don ' t have onions on my list . I ' ll add them . We should get some tea . Is green tea ok or should we get the same tea that we usually get ?
Just a minute . I need to make a list of thinks that we need . Good idea . Have you written down potatoes , carrots , and onions ? I don ' t have onions on my list . I ' ll add them . We should get some tea . Is green tea ok or should we get the same tea that we usually get ? Let ' s get both . We need some coffee too . Is that on your list ?
Good idea . Have you written down potatoes , carrots , and onions ? I don ' t have onions on my list . I ' ll add them . We should get some tea . Is green tea ok or should we get the same tea that we usually get ? Let ' s get both . We need some coffee too . Is that on your list ? Yes , it is . Here ' s my list . Is there anything that I ' Ve forgotten ?
I don ' t have onions on my list . I ' ll add them . We should get some tea . Is green tea ok or should we get the same tea that we usually get ? Let ' s get both . We need some coffee too . Is that on your list ? Yes , it is . Here ' s my list . Is there anything that I ' Ve forgotten ? I think you ' Ve got everything . I want to got some chocolate and some cheese .
Let ' s get both . We need some coffee too . Is that on your list ? Yes , it is . Here ' s my list . Is there anything that I ' Ve forgotten ? I think you ' Ve got everything . I want to got some chocolate and some cheese . What kind of cheese do you want .
Yes , it is . Here ' s my list . Is there anything that I ' Ve forgotten ? I think you ' Ve got everything . I want to got some chocolate and some cheese . What kind of cheese do you want . I ' m not sure . I ' ll decide at the cheese counter , when I can see what they have . Have we got enough money ?
I think you ' Ve got everything . I want to got some chocolate and some cheese . What kind of cheese do you want . I ' m not sure . I ' ll decide at the cheese counter , when I can see what they have . Have we got enough money ? We don ' t have enough cash , so I ' ll take my credit card and we can pay with that . Where are the car keys ?
Nice to meet you , sir . I come from New Times Clothes Company . We learnt that your exhibits on the Trade Fair in Shanghai this month were marvelous . Would you please quote the price ? Before we discuss the price , may I ask you what kind of exhibits you are interested in ? Your summer clothes for white-collar and men's jackets . Can you give us a rough idea of the quantity you require ? It is generally known that the price varies according to the quantity .
Before we discuss the price , may I ask you what kind of exhibits you are interested in ? Your summer clothes for white-collar and men's jackets . Can you give us a rough idea of the quantity you require ? It is generally known that the price varies according to the quantity . That is to say , 10000 sets for the one of white-collar and 5000 for men's jackets .
Your summer clothes for white-collar and men's jackets . Can you give us a rough idea of the quantity you require ? It is generally known that the price varies according to the quantity . That is to say , 10000 sets for the one of white-collar and 5000 for men's jackets . In that case , our offer for the white-collar series is US $ 200 , and the other is US $ 300 per set .
Can you give us a rough idea of the quantity you require ? It is generally known that the price varies according to the quantity . That is to say , 10000 sets for the one of white-collar and 5000 for men's jackets . In that case , our offer for the white-collar series is US $ 200 , and the other is US $ 300 per set . Do you quote CIF or FOB ?
That is to say , 10000 sets for the one of white-collar and 5000 for men's jackets . In that case , our offer for the white-collar series is US $ 200 , and the other is US $ 300 per set . Do you quote CIF or FOB ? We usually quote on a CIF basis and a commission of five percent for you . You will find our price is most competitive .
In that case , our offer for the white-collar series is US $ 200 , and the other is US $ 300 per set . Do you quote CIF or FOB ? We usually quote on a CIF basis and a commission of five percent for you . You will find our price is most competitive . What are your terms of payment ?
Do you quote CIF or FOB ? We usually quote on a CIF basis and a commission of five percent for you . You will find our price is most competitive . What are your terms of payment ? Letter of credit at sight .
We usually quote on a CIF basis and a commission of five percent for you . You will find our price is most competitive . What are your terms of payment ? Letter of credit at sight . Another question . Could you tell me the earliest possible time of shipment ?
What are your terms of payment ? Letter of credit at sight . Another question . Could you tell me the earliest possible time of shipment ? Within a month after your letter of credit reaches us .
Letter of credit at sight . Another question . Could you tell me the earliest possible time of shipment ? Within a month after your letter of credit reaches us . Well , I got all the point . All the decision will be made since I get the approval from my supervisor .
Let's go to the animal shelter . What do you want to do ? I want to get a puppy for my son . That will make him so happy .
What do you want to do ? I want to get a puppy for my son . That will make him so happy . I'll get him one of those little dogs .
I want to get a puppy for my son . That will make him so happy . I'll get him one of those little dogs . One that won't grow up too big .
That will make him so happy . I'll get him one of those little dogs . One that won't grow up too big . And eat too much .
I'll get him one of those little dogs . One that won't grow up too big . And eat too much . Do you know which one he would like ?
One that won't grow up too big . And eat too much . Do you know which one he would like ? Oh , yes , I took him there yesterday . He showed me one that he really liked .
And eat too much . Do you know which one he would like ? Oh , yes , I took him there yesterday . He showed me one that he really liked . I bet you had to drag him away .
Do you know which one he would like ? Oh , yes , I took him there yesterday . He showed me one that he really liked . I bet you had to drag him away . He wanted to take it home yesterday .
Do you work well under pressure ? Working under pressure is exciting and challenging . I don ' t mind working under pressure . I work well under that circumstance . People can , I can . Do you have any particular conditions that you would like the company to take into consideration ? No , nothing in particular .
Working under pressure is exciting and challenging . I don ' t mind working under pressure . I work well under that circumstance . People can , I can . Do you have any particular conditions that you would like the company to take into consideration ? No , nothing in particular . How soon can you begin working for us ?
Are you ready to order ? May I suggest a veal ? No , I'll have the fish please . The chicken is also nice . No , I want the fish .
No , I'll have the fish please . The chicken is also nice . No , I want the fish . Our special tonight is lobster .
The chicken is also nice . No , I want the fish . Our special tonight is lobster . Thank you , but I prefer the fish .
No , I want the fish . Our special tonight is lobster . Thank you , but I prefer the fish . Perhaps you'd enjoy the lamb .
Our special tonight is lobster . Thank you , but I prefer the fish . Perhaps you'd enjoy the lamb . No , I like the fish .
Hi ! Is that the new laptop you brought last week ? It looks very nice . Yes , it is . Thanks . I ' m just surfing on the internet . Here ? In this cafe ? How can you do that ? This cafe offers a wireless internet connection . That means I can get on the net for free while I ' m here . Of course , I have to buy a cup of coffee !
Yes , it is . Thanks . I ' m just surfing on the internet . Here ? In this cafe ? How can you do that ? This cafe offers a wireless internet connection . That means I can get on the net for free while I ' m here . Of course , I have to buy a cup of coffee ! That ' s great . Can you do it anywhere ?
Here ? In this cafe ? How can you do that ? This cafe offers a wireless internet connection . That means I can get on the net for free while I ' m here . Of course , I have to buy a cup of coffee ! That ' s great . Can you do it anywhere ? No . you can only do it when the cafe offers a wireless connection . There are only about 10 or 12 places that offer it in this city .
This cafe offers a wireless internet connection . That means I can get on the net for free while I ' m here . Of course , I have to buy a cup of coffee ! That ' s great . Can you do it anywhere ? No . you can only do it when the cafe offers a wireless connection . There are only about 10 or 12 places that offer it in this city . So , what programs do you have on your laptop ?
That ' s great . Can you do it anywhere ? No . you can only do it when the cafe offers a wireless connection . There are only about 10 or 12 places that offer it in this city . So , what programs do you have on your laptop ? I ' Ve got all the usual ones for word processing and then I have a few for creating and editing photographs .
No . you can only do it when the cafe offers a wireless connection . There are only about 10 or 12 places that offer it in this city . So , what programs do you have on your laptop ? I ' Ve got all the usual ones for word processing and then I have a few for creating and editing photographs . I know you are keen on photography . It ' s very useful for you to be able to download photos from your digital camera . Then you attach the picture files to emails and send them to anyone , anywhere , at a
Hi , my name is Sovia . What ' s your name ? My name is Jeff . What do you do ? I ' m a podiatrist . What about you ?
My name is Jeff . What do you do ? I ' m a podiatrist . What about you ? I ' m a nurse . What do you do in your free time ?
What do you do ? I ' m a podiatrist . What about you ? I ' m a nurse . What do you do in your free time ? I like to play piano , go bowling and chat with my friends . And you ?
I ' m a podiatrist . What about you ? I ' m a nurse . What do you do in your free time ? I like to play piano , go bowling and chat with my friends . And you ? I like to hang out with my friends , play games and go swimming .
I ' m a nurse . What do you do in your free time ? I like to play piano , go bowling and chat with my friends . And you ? I like to hang out with my friends , play games and go swimming . Would you like to go out some time ?
I like to play piano , go bowling and chat with my friends . And you ? I like to hang out with my friends , play games and go swimming . Would you like to go out some time ? Sure , that ' d be great . Where would you like to go ?
I like to hang out with my friends , play games and go swimming . Would you like to go out some time ? Sure , that ' d be great . Where would you like to go ? Anywhere with you .
Hello . Where are you headed today ? I'm off to Barcelona for a week . Do you have your passport with you ? Yes , here you go . I don't need a visa to go to Spain , do I ?
I'm off to Barcelona for a week . Do you have your passport with you ? Yes , here you go . I don't need a visa to go to Spain , do I ? Fortunately for you , you don't . Next time , if you have any questions about visas , you should try to find out before you get to the airport .
Do you have your passport with you ? Yes , here you go . I don't need a visa to go to Spain , do I ? Fortunately for you , you don't . Next time , if you have any questions about visas , you should try to find out before you get to the airport . That's good advice .
Yes , here you go . I don't need a visa to go to Spain , do I ? Fortunately for you , you don't . Next time , if you have any questions about visas , you should try to find out before you get to the airport . That's good advice . Would you like a window seat or an aisle seat ?
Fortunately for you , you don't . Next time , if you have any questions about visas , you should try to find out before you get to the airport . That's good advice . Would you like a window seat or an aisle seat ? Are there any seats available by the emergency exits ?
That's good advice . Would you like a window seat or an aisle seat ? Are there any seats available by the emergency exits ? Let me see here ... yes , there's one left .
Would you like a window seat or an aisle seat ? Are there any seats available by the emergency exits ? Let me see here ... yes , there's one left . Ok . I'll take that one then .
Are there any seats available by the emergency exits ? Let me see here ... yes , there's one left . Ok . I'll take that one then . Alright . How many pieces of luggage are you checking in ?
Let me see here ... yes , there's one left . Ok . I'll take that one then . Alright . How many pieces of luggage are you checking in ? I like to travel light so I just have this one .
Ok . I'll take that one then . Alright . How many pieces of luggage are you checking in ? I like to travel light so I just have this one . If that's your only piece of luggage , it is small enough to carry on with you . Would you like to do that so you don't have to wait in luggage reclaim once you arrive ?
Alright . How many pieces of luggage are you checking in ? I like to travel light so I just have this one . If that's your only piece of luggage , it is small enough to carry on with you . Would you like to do that so you don't have to wait in luggage reclaim once you arrive ? Yes , please . That's a fantastic idea . Which gate do I need to go to ?
What kind of character do you think you have ? Generally speaking , l am an open-minded person . What is your strongest trait ? Cheerfulness and friendliness .
Generally speaking , l am an open-minded person . What is your strongest trait ? Cheerfulness and friendliness . How would your friends or colleagues describe you ?
What is your strongest trait ? Cheerfulness and friendliness . How would your friends or colleagues describe you ? They say Mr . Sun is a friendly , sensitive , caring and determined person .
Cheerfulness and friendliness . How would your friends or colleagues describe you ? They say Mr . Sun is a friendly , sensitive , caring and determined person . What personality do you admire ?
How would your friends or colleagues describe you ? They say Mr . Sun is a friendly , sensitive , caring and determined person . What personality do you admire ? I admire a person who is honest , flexible and easy-going .
They say Mr . Sun is a friendly , sensitive , caring and determined person . What personality do you admire ? I admire a person who is honest , flexible and easy-going . How do you get along with others ?
Hey Joe , what are you doing in this department store ? Hi , Rita , I'm just looking for a pair of shoes . I won't be here for long . Why not ? When I go shoe shopping , I have so many options for sneakers that I spend awhile looking at all of the choices . That's my problem . I don't have a lot of options .
Hi , Rita , I'm just looking for a pair of shoes . I won't be here for long . Why not ? When I go shoe shopping , I have so many options for sneakers that I spend awhile looking at all of the choices . That's my problem . I don't have a lot of options . What do you mean ? This is a big store , isn't it ?
Why not ? When I go shoe shopping , I have so many options for sneakers that I spend awhile looking at all of the choices . That's my problem . I don't have a lot of options . What do you mean ? This is a big store , isn't it ? Yes , but I have unusually big feet . That wouldn't be too much of a problem except that they're also very wide , and only a few brands sell shoes that I can fit into .
That's my problem . I don't have a lot of options . What do you mean ? This is a big store , isn't it ? Yes , but I have unusually big feet . That wouldn't be too much of a problem except that they're also very wide , and only a few brands sell shoes that I can fit into . So how do you usually go about buying shoes , then ?
What do you mean ? This is a big store , isn't it ? Yes , but I have unusually big feet . That wouldn't be too much of a problem except that they're also very wide , and only a few brands sell shoes that I can fit into . So how do you usually go about buying shoes , then ? Well , first of all , I can only go to certain stores that can guarantee me a large selection .
Yes , but I have unusually big feet . That wouldn't be too much of a problem except that they're also very wide , and only a few brands sell shoes that I can fit into . So how do you usually go about buying shoes , then ? Well , first of all , I can only go to certain stores that can guarantee me a large selection . Well , you're in the right store . If they don't have it , no one will .
I have been thinking of buying a house and would like to speak with you . I have time to speak with you . Where would you like to purchase your house ? I am most interested in Pasadena or Arcadia , but would be open to other suggestions . How many bedrooms and bathrooms do you need ?
I have time to speak with you . Where would you like to purchase your house ? I am most interested in Pasadena or Arcadia , but would be open to other suggestions . How many bedrooms and bathrooms do you need ? We have several generations of family living in our household and so need a very large home .
I am most interested in Pasadena or Arcadia , but would be open to other suggestions . How many bedrooms and bathrooms do you need ? We have several generations of family living in our household and so need a very large home . Do you need to be located in a particular school district ?
How many bedrooms and bathrooms do you need ? We have several generations of family living in our household and so need a very large home . Do you need to be located in a particular school district ? It doesn ' t matter , as we do not have any children .
We have several generations of family living in our household and so need a very large home . Do you need to be located in a particular school district ? It doesn ' t matter , as we do not have any children . Is a view important to you , or would you rather be located on a lakeshore lot ?
Do you need to be located in a particular school district ? It doesn ' t matter , as we do not have any children . Is a view important to you , or would you rather be located on a lakeshore lot ? In a perfect world , we would like a home with a view of the lake .
Welcome on board . May I see your boarding pass ? Here you are . Your seat is three , in the third row , near the window . Thank you . Where can I put my suitcase ?
Here you are . Your seat is three , in the third row , near the window . Thank you . Where can I put my suitcase ? Either in the overhead compartment or underneath the seat .
Excuse me . This bus goes downtown , doesn't it ? Yes . Where do you want to go ? The Workers'Stadium . This is the right bus .
Yes . Where do you want to go ? The Workers'Stadium . This is the right bus . Will you let me know where to get off ?
The Workers'Stadium . This is the right bus . Will you let me know where to get off ? Certainly . Four more stop after this . I'll call out the stops .
Are there any special requirements on the project ? And shall we talk around it in details ? Yes , there're some samples in our office and you can take some to study it . Besides , you see , in recent years , we've visited a diversity of factory buildings all over the world and we hope that our building is the perfect match of advanced technology and attractiveness . That's a good idea . We can improve our technology to meet your special need . And please let white color dominate .
Yes , there're some samples in our office and you can take some to study it . Besides , you see , in recent years , we've visited a diversity of factory buildings all over the world and we hope that our building is the perfect match of advanced technology and attractiveness . That's a good idea . We can improve our technology to meet your special need . And please let white color dominate . OK ! I've noted it down . And any others ?
That's a good idea . We can improve our technology to meet your special need . And please let white color dominate . OK ! I've noted it down . And any others ? Oh ! I've almost forgot the location was transferred to the A county in the east of the city .
And please let white color dominate . OK ! I've noted it down . And any others ? Oh ! I've almost forgot the location was transferred to the A county in the east of the city . I'll tell them .
OK ! I've noted it down . And any others ? Oh ! I've almost forgot the location was transferred to the A county in the east of the city . I'll tell them . Well , the most important thing is that our company demand the quality be exactly the same as the sample which you'll take from the office on the third floor .
Oh ! I've almost forgot the location was transferred to the A county in the east of the city . I'll tell them . Well , the most important thing is that our company demand the quality be exactly the same as the sample which you'll take from the office on the third floor . Please feel assured that we'll abide by our promise . And we'll do everything we can to ensure delivery .
I'll tell them . Well , the most important thing is that our company demand the quality be exactly the same as the sample which you'll take from the office on the third floor . Please feel assured that we'll abide by our promise . And we'll do everything we can to ensure delivery . Thanks a lot . And I believe I'll have a good time working with you .
Well , the most important thing is that our company demand the quality be exactly the same as the sample which you'll take from the office on the third floor . Please feel assured that we'll abide by our promise . And we'll do everything we can to ensure delivery . Thanks a lot . And I believe I'll have a good time working with you . I think so . Bye !
What shall we do today ? We'd better stay in the hotel , because the tour will begin tomorrow . Let's go out for some exercise , shall we ? What an excellent idea !
We'd better stay in the hotel , because the tour will begin tomorrow . Let's go out for some exercise , shall we ? What an excellent idea ! Shall we do some jogging ?
Let's go out for some exercise , shall we ? What an excellent idea ! Shall we do some jogging ? OK .
What an excellent idea ! Shall we do some jogging ? OK . I feel well now .
Shall we do some jogging ? OK . I feel well now . Yes , some exercise is necessary for us .
I really want to make something for dinner . What are you going to cook ? I haven't the slightest clue what I'm going to make . A teriyaki bowl sounds nice .
What are you going to cook ? I haven't the slightest clue what I'm going to make . A teriyaki bowl sounds nice . I don't know how to make that .
I haven't the slightest clue what I'm going to make . A teriyaki bowl sounds nice . I don't know how to make that . All you need to make it is white rice and some teriyaki beef .
A teriyaki bowl sounds nice . I don't know how to make that . All you need to make it is white rice and some teriyaki beef . That sounds fairly simple , but how do I cook it ?
I don't know how to make that . All you need to make it is white rice and some teriyaki beef . That sounds fairly simple , but how do I cook it ? The first and simplest thing you have to do is make some white rice .
All you need to make it is white rice and some teriyaki beef . That sounds fairly simple , but how do I cook it ? The first and simplest thing you have to do is make some white rice . What's next ?
That sounds fairly simple , but how do I cook it ? The first and simplest thing you have to do is make some white rice . What's next ? Then you should shred your beef and pour some teriyaki marinade over it .
The first and simplest thing you have to do is make some white rice . What's next ? Then you should shred your beef and pour some teriyaki marinade over it . What's the next thing I need to do ?
Hi , good morning , Miss ? what can I help you with ? Good morning I'd like to mail this box of books to Taiwan . OK , please put it on this scale . Airmail or by sea ? How long does it take to reach Taiwan by sea ?
Good morning I'd like to mail this box of books to Taiwan . OK , please put it on this scale . Airmail or by sea ? How long does it take to reach Taiwan by sea ? Usually about two month .
OK , please put it on this scale . Airmail or by sea ? How long does it take to reach Taiwan by sea ? Usually about two month . That's too long . How long does it take to reach Taiwan by airmail ?
How long does it take to reach Taiwan by sea ? Usually about two month . That's too long . How long does it take to reach Taiwan by airmail ? About ten days .
Usually about two month . That's too long . How long does it take to reach Taiwan by airmail ? About ten days . Then how much is that by airmail ?
That's too long . How long does it take to reach Taiwan by airmail ? About ten days . Then how much is that by airmail ? Let me see . It ' s 57 dollars , 20 cents , including tax .
About ten days . Then how much is that by airmail ? Let me see . It ' s 57 dollars , 20 cents , including tax . That's a little bit expensive .
Then how much is that by airmail ? Let me see . It ' s 57 dollars , 20 cents , including tax . That's a little bit expensive . Although it's expensive to send it by airmail , it's quicker and safer than by sea .
Let me see . It ' s 57 dollars , 20 cents , including tax . That's a little bit expensive . Although it's expensive to send it by airmail , it's quicker and safer than by sea . I guess I have to send it by airmail .
That's a little bit expensive . Although it's expensive to send it by airmail , it's quicker and safer than by sea . I guess I have to send it by airmail . Do you want to ensure the contents , Miss ?
Although it's expensive to send it by airmail , it's quicker and safer than by sea . I guess I have to send it by airmail . Do you want to ensure the contents , Miss ? Yes , please .
I guess I have to send it by airmail . Do you want to ensure the contents , Miss ? Yes , please . Please fill out this form , also please write the value of the items in this space .
Sorry , I overslept . My clock didn't go off this morning . Again ? That's right , even though I did set the alarm last night . Your clock never works . Perhaps you should buy a new one .
I can ' t believe these skirts are so cheap . I know and they are really nice , too . I ' ll have to get a couple in different colors . Me , too .
I know and they are really nice , too . I ' ll have to get a couple in different colors . Me , too . Buy them now though , or they might not still be here tomorrow .
Dad , I ' d like to borrow some money . Sure , Johnny , how much do you need ? five bucks ? Come on , Dad , I need thirty thousand . I wanna get into the market . You know , I ' m tired of hearing all this news about the economic downturn , the inevitable recession , people stuffing their money in their mattresses . I look at this as an opportunity . This is a chance for me to get a jump start on building my nest egg . I don ' t know about that . with all the uncertainty in the markets right now , it would be a very unwise decision to invest . I don ' t know if you ' re aware son , but there has been a lot of turmoil in the markets recently . There have already been half a million layoffs in the last few months , and we have no idea how the proposed stimulus package will impact the economy . There ' s just too much instability . I wouldn ' t feel comfortable investing in this climate .
Sure , Johnny , how much do you need ? five bucks ? Come on , Dad , I need thirty thousand . I wanna get into the market . You know , I ' m tired of hearing all this news about the economic downturn , the inevitable recession , people stuffing their money in their mattresses . I look at this as an opportunity . This is a chance for me to get a jump start on building my nest egg . I don ' t know about that . with all the uncertainty in the markets right now , it would be a very unwise decision to invest . I don ' t know if you ' re aware son , but there has been a lot of turmoil in the markets recently . There have already been half a million layoffs in the last few months , and we have no idea how the proposed stimulus package will impact the economy . There ' s just too much instability . I wouldn ' t feel comfortable investing in this climate . But look at it this way , every challenge is an opportunity . And anyway , I ' m not talking about investing in the domestic market . There are emerging markets that promise great returns . Look at China , for example . they have 1 . 4 billion people , half a billion of whom have recently entered the middle class . Here alone , the aggregate demand for consumer goods represents an amazing wealth generating opportunity .
Come on , Dad , I need thirty thousand . I wanna get into the market . You know , I ' m tired of hearing all this news about the economic downturn , the inevitable recession , people stuffing their money in their mattresses . I look at this as an opportunity . This is a chance for me to get a jump start on building my nest egg . I don ' t know about that . with all the uncertainty in the markets right now , it would be a very unwise decision to invest . I don ' t know if you ' re aware son , but there has been a lot of turmoil in the markets recently . There have already been half a million layoffs in the last few months , and we have no idea how the proposed stimulus package will impact the economy . There ' s just too much instability . I wouldn ' t feel comfortable investing in this climate . But look at it this way , every challenge is an opportunity . And anyway , I ' m not talking about investing in the domestic market . There are emerging markets that promise great returns . Look at China , for example . they have 1 . 4 billion people , half a billion of whom have recently entered the middle class . Here alone , the aggregate demand for consumer goods represents an amazing wealth generating opportunity . Come on , son , you ' re looking at this too naively , the Chinese market has exhibited a great deal of instability , and their currency has been devalued by almost a whole percentage point .
How do you feel ? I'm getting sleepy . You've had so long a flight . Time difference also makes me feel weak .
I'm getting sleepy . You've had so long a flight . Time difference also makes me feel weak . Oh , I forgot about it .
You've had so long a flight . Time difference also makes me feel weak . Oh , I forgot about it . It's four o'clock in the morning in Chicago now , but it's time to go to bed in Shanghai .
What are we eating for lunch ? I have no idea . What about you ? I kind of want pizza . I ate pizza the other day .
I have no idea . What about you ? I kind of want pizza . I ate pizza the other day . So , what do you feel like eating then ?
I kind of want pizza . I ate pizza the other day . So , what do you feel like eating then ? How about some burgers ?
I ate pizza the other day . So , what do you feel like eating then ? How about some burgers ? I already had a burger yesterday .
So , what do you feel like eating then ? How about some burgers ? I already had a burger yesterday . What are we going to do ?
How about some burgers ? I already had a burger yesterday . What are we going to do ? We can just each get what we want to get .
I already had a burger yesterday . What are we going to do ? We can just each get what we want to get . That sounds like a plan .
What are we going to do ? We can just each get what we want to get . That sounds like a plan . Do you know a place that sells pizza and burgers ?
Good morning ! What can I do for you ? I'm thinking of travelling to Suzhou in July . Could you recommend some tourist programs for that ? With pleasure . We arrange two kinds of tourist programs for Suzhou , a six-day tour by train and a five-day flying journey . How much does a six-day tour by train cost ?
I'm thinking of travelling to Suzhou in July . Could you recommend some tourist programs for that ? With pleasure . We arrange two kinds of tourist programs for Suzhou , a six-day tour by train and a five-day flying journey . How much does a six-day tour by train cost ? Five hundred yuan .
With pleasure . We arrange two kinds of tourist programs for Suzhou , a six-day tour by train and a five-day flying journey . How much does a six-day tour by train cost ? Five hundred yuan . Does that include hotels and meals ?
How much does a six-day tour by train cost ? Five hundred yuan . Does that include hotels and meals ? Oh , yes , and admission tickets for places of interest as well .
Five hundred yuan . Does that include hotels and meals ? Oh , yes , and admission tickets for places of interest as well . That sounds reasonable . What about the five-day flying journey ? How much is that ?
Does that include hotels and meals ? Oh , yes , and admission tickets for places of interest as well . That sounds reasonable . What about the five-day flying journey ? How much is that ? Eight hundred and fifty yuan .
Oh , yes , and admission tickets for places of interest as well . That sounds reasonable . What about the five-day flying journey ? How much is that ? Eight hundred and fifty yuan . Covering all expenses ?
How does the political system work in your country ? We have hundreds of constituencies and the voters in each one elect a member of parliament . Most people call them mp ' s . Each mp belongs to a political party , right ? Almost all of them do . A few are independent . That means that they do not belong to a party . If one party more than half of the mp ' s . they form a government . That means that they choose a prime Finist
We have hundreds of constituencies and the voters in each one elect a member of parliament . Most people call them mp ' s . Each mp belongs to a political party , right ? Almost all of them do . A few are independent . That means that they do not belong to a party . If one party more than half of the mp ' s . they form a government . That means that they choose a prime Finist What ' s a cabinet ?
Each mp belongs to a political party , right ? Almost all of them do . A few are independent . That means that they do not belong to a party . If one party more than half of the mp ' s . they form a government . That means that they choose a prime Finist What ' s a cabinet ? This is a small group of people-perhaps 25 mp ' s who are usually ministers . They make all the big decision and discuss laws and policy .
Almost all of them do . A few are independent . That means that they do not belong to a party . If one party more than half of the mp ' s . they form a government . That means that they choose a prime Finist What ' s a cabinet ? This is a small group of people-perhaps 25 mp ' s who are usually ministers . They make all the big decision and discuss laws and policy . Can any mp make a law ?
What ' s a cabinet ? This is a small group of people-perhaps 25 mp ' s who are usually ministers . They make all the big decision and discuss laws and policy . Can any mp make a law ? Any mp can present a law to parliament . The proposed law is debated and voted on . If it is accepted , it becomes law .
This is a small group of people-perhaps 25 mp ' s who are usually ministers . They make all the big decision and discuss laws and policy . Can any mp make a law ? Any mp can present a law to parliament . The proposed law is debated and voted on . If it is accepted , it becomes law . I suppose a proposed a law needs the support of the big political parties .
Can any mp make a law ? Any mp can present a law to parliament . The proposed law is debated and voted on . If it is accepted , it becomes law . I suppose a proposed a law needs the support of the big political parties . Yes , it does , because they have most of the mp ' s . most mp ' s vote the way their party wants them to .
Any mp can present a law to parliament . The proposed law is debated and voted on . If it is accepted , it becomes law . I suppose a proposed a law needs the support of the big political parties . Yes , it does , because they have most of the mp ' s . most mp ' s vote the way their party wants them to . How do people choose which party or candidate to vote for ?
Excuse me . Would you please make a suit with this material ? Sure . May I take your measurements ? Please don't make it too tight . This is for autumn wear , so make sure you allow for a cardigan underneath . I see , sir . Can you come back for a fitting on the 10th , that's in a week's time ?
Sure . May I take your measurements ? Please don't make it too tight . This is for autumn wear , so make sure you allow for a cardigan underneath . I see , sir . Can you come back for a fitting on the 10th , that's in a week's time ? The 10th ? I'm sorry , but you see I'm going to attend an international conference on the 11th . Could you have the suit ready by the 8th , or at the latest , the 9th ?
Please don't make it too tight . This is for autumn wear , so make sure you allow for a cardigan underneath . I see , sir . Can you come back for a fitting on the 10th , that's in a week's time ? The 10th ? I'm sorry , but you see I'm going to attend an international conference on the 11th . Could you have the suit ready by the 8th , or at the latest , the 9th ? Well , a business suit usually takes ten days ' time . But in your case , we'll try to have it ready sooner . How about coming for your fitting on the 8th ? Then your suit will be ready for you on the 10th ?
I'd like to see that pen , please . You mean this one ? No , the other one in the brown case . Oh , this one ... Here .
You mean this one ? No , the other one in the brown case . Oh , this one ... Here . May I try it ?
No , the other one in the brown case . Oh , this one ... Here . May I try it ? Sure .
Oh , this one ... Here . May I try it ? Sure . It's very smooth . I'll take it .
May I try it ? Sure . It's very smooth . I'll take it . Cash or charge ?
Excuse me , could you tell me where Peking University is on this map ? Let me see . Here it is . Could you tell me how to get there ? I ' m afraid I can ' t because I ' m a stranger here .
Let me see . Here it is . Could you tell me how to get there ? I ' m afraid I can ' t because I ' m a stranger here . Oh , thanks all the same .
Welcome to Al's Bakery . What can I get you ? Hi ! Let me get a dozen croissants , four blueberry muffins and a loaf of sourdough bread . Sure . Would you like to have the loaf sliced ? No , that's OK . Do you have any whole wheat bread ?
Hi ! Let me get a dozen croissants , four blueberry muffins and a loaf of sourdough bread . Sure . Would you like to have the loaf sliced ? No , that's OK . Do you have any whole wheat bread ? We are out at the moment . May I suggest some rye bread ?
Sure . Would you like to have the loaf sliced ? No , that's OK . Do you have any whole wheat bread ? We are out at the moment . May I suggest some rye bread ? Sure that sounds good . Do you have any cakes ?
No , that's OK . Do you have any whole wheat bread ? We are out at the moment . May I suggest some rye bread ? Sure that sounds good . Do you have any cakes ? We have various birthday cakes and also ice cream cakes .
We are out at the moment . May I suggest some rye bread ? Sure that sounds good . Do you have any cakes ? We have various birthday cakes and also ice cream cakes . I'll just take a cheesecake .
Sure that sounds good . Do you have any cakes ? We have various birthday cakes and also ice cream cakes . I'll just take a cheesecake . Will that be all ?
We have various birthday cakes and also ice cream cakes . I'll just take a cheesecake . Will that be all ? Yes .
Medicine Industry , this is Peter Bush speaking , can I help you ? Good afternoon , could you connect this call with Mr Brown , please May I know who's calling ? This is Li Ping of ABC computer company limited . I'm calling on our Mr Wilson the general manager of our company .
Good afternoon , could you connect this call with Mr Brown , please May I know who's calling ? This is Li Ping of ABC computer company limited . I'm calling on our Mr Wilson the general manager of our company . I'm sorry , Mrs Li , Mr Brown is now in a meeting . May I have your number , and ask him to call you back later ?
May I know who's calling ? This is Li Ping of ABC computer company limited . I'm calling on our Mr Wilson the general manager of our company . I'm sorry , Mrs Li , Mr Brown is now in a meeting . May I have your number , and ask him to call you back later ? I'm afraid Mr Wilson would like to speak to Mr Brown right now . He ' s got an urgent matter to discuss with Mr Brown without delay .
This is Li Ping of ABC computer company limited . I'm calling on our Mr Wilson the general manager of our company . I'm sorry , Mrs Li , Mr Brown is now in a meeting . May I have your number , and ask him to call you back later ? I'm afraid Mr Wilson would like to speak to Mr Brown right now . He ' s got an urgent matter to discuss with Mr Brown without delay . Ok , then would you please hold the line ? Mr Li , the line is through , Mr Brown is ready answering the call , go ahead .
I'm sorry , Mrs Li , Mr Brown is now in a meeting . May I have your number , and ask him to call you back later ? I'm afraid Mr Wilson would like to speak to Mr Brown right now . He ' s got an urgent matter to discuss with Mr Brown without delay . Ok , then would you please hold the line ? Mr Li , the line is through , Mr Brown is ready answering the call , go ahead . Thank you for your assistance , Mr Bush .
Good afternoon , Mrs . Vale . Please sit down . Thank you . Did you work as a salesperson before , Mrs . Vale ? Only as a clerk in a store .
Thank you . Did you work as a salesperson before , Mrs . Vale ? Only as a clerk in a store . I see . Well , consulting is a little different .
Did you work as a salesperson before , Mrs . Vale ? Only as a clerk in a store . I see . Well , consulting is a little different . I'm a quick leamer , Mr . Jenkins .
Only as a clerk in a store . I see . Well , consulting is a little different . I'm a quick leamer , Mr . Jenkins . Umm hmm . Do you have a diver's license ?
I see . Well , consulting is a little different . I'm a quick leamer , Mr . Jenkins . Umm hmm . Do you have a diver's license ? Yes , and I'm a very good driver .
I'm a quick leamer , Mr . Jenkins . Umm hmm . Do you have a diver's license ? Yes , and I'm a very good driver . Fine . We provide a company car for our consultants .
Umm hmm . Do you have a diver's license ? Yes , and I'm a very good driver . Fine . We provide a company car for our consultants . Do I have to travel a lot ?
Yes , and I'm a very good driver . Fine . We provide a company car for our consultants . Do I have to travel a lot ? Oh yes-five days a week . You have to visit customers all over the territory .
Fine . We provide a company car for our consultants . Do I have to travel a lot ? Oh yes-five days a week . You have to visit customers all over the territory . But how will I get to know the products ?
Do I have to travel a lot ? Oh yes-five days a week . You have to visit customers all over the territory . But how will I get to know the products ? You'll have to attend a three-week course . If you do well , the job is yours .
Oh yes-five days a week . You have to visit customers all over the territory . But how will I get to know the products ? You'll have to attend a three-week course . If you do well , the job is yours . How much is the salary ?
But how will I get to know the products ? You'll have to attend a three-week course . If you do well , the job is yours . How much is the salary ? Starting salary is $ 150 a week-plus commissions , of course .
You'll have to attend a three-week course . If you do well , the job is yours . How much is the salary ? Starting salary is $ 150 a week-plus commissions , of course . How much commission do your consultants get ?
How much is the salary ? Starting salary is $ 150 a week-plus commissions , of course . How much commission do your consultants get ? Five percent .
Starting salary is $ 150 a week-plus commissions , of course . How much commission do your consultants get ? Five percent . Well , I'm very interested in the job .
How much commission do your consultants get ? Five percent . Well , I'm very interested in the job . Fine . The next course starts a week from tomorrow .
Five percent . Well , I'm very interested in the job . Fine . The next course starts a week from tomorrow . Thank you .
Hi , Francis , how was your business trip ? It was a nightmare . What ' s up ? Actually , the business trip itself was very successful . We arrived on time , we had nice conversations and we settled some important issues for the next year .
It was a nightmare . What ' s up ? Actually , the business trip itself was very successful . We arrived on time , we had nice conversations and we settled some important issues for the next year . Sounds quite fruitful , why do you call it still a nightmare then ?
What ' s up ? Actually , the business trip itself was very successful . We arrived on time , we had nice conversations and we settled some important issues for the next year . Sounds quite fruitful , why do you call it still a nightmare then ? Well , the air line lost my luggage on the return flight and then I lost my carry on bag when I was tackling with the officers in charge . I left the airport three hours later than I expected and then I was caught in a traffic jam . When I finally got home , I was totally exhausted . But I found the elevator was out of service due to a blackout .
Actually , the business trip itself was very successful . We arrived on time , we had nice conversations and we settled some important issues for the next year . Sounds quite fruitful , why do you call it still a nightmare then ? Well , the air line lost my luggage on the return flight and then I lost my carry on bag when I was tackling with the officers in charge . I left the airport three hours later than I expected and then I was caught in a traffic jam . When I finally got home , I was totally exhausted . But I found the elevator was out of service due to a blackout . This is really a sad story . Did they trace back your luggage ?
Sounds quite fruitful , why do you call it still a nightmare then ? Well , the air line lost my luggage on the return flight and then I lost my carry on bag when I was tackling with the officers in charge . I left the airport three hours later than I expected and then I was caught in a traffic jam . When I finally got home , I was totally exhausted . But I found the elevator was out of service due to a blackout . This is really a sad story . Did they trace back your luggage ? I am still waiting for their call .
Are you ready to order , sir ? Yes , I would like a roast duck and my friend wants steaks . How do you like your steaks ? I'd like it medium-well .
You're here to make a deposit , is that correct ? Right . I'd like to deposit 2,000 RIB into my Current Account . No problem . Could I have the cash and your Bank Book , please ? Oh dear ... there seems to be some problems here ... What ? What's wrong ?
Right . I'd like to deposit 2,000 RIB into my Current Account . No problem . Could I have the cash and your Bank Book , please ? Oh dear ... there seems to be some problems here ... What ? What's wrong ? I'm sorry but 5 of these notes seem to be counterfeit . Look at this watermark , do you see it ?
Excuse me , sir , I'm afraid you can't park your car here . Why not ? It's my parking space . I'm afraid not , sir . Oh ? That's a surprise . Let me see ... D 0411 Our dog's birthday . Yes , I'm sure this my parking space !
Why not ? It's my parking space . I'm afraid not , sir . Oh ? That's a surprise . Let me see ... D 0411 Our dog's birthday . Yes , I'm sure this my parking space ! But I saw a red car always parking here before .
I'm afraid not , sir . Oh ? That's a surprise . Let me see ... D 0411 Our dog's birthday . Yes , I'm sure this my parking space ! But I saw a red car always parking here before . Oh , we've just repainted our car . It was red .
Oh ? That's a surprise . Let me see ... D 0411 Our dog's birthday . Yes , I'm sure this my parking space ! But I saw a red car always parking here before . Oh , we've just repainted our car . It was red . Maybe . But the car of this space has a broken rearview mirror on the left .
But I saw a red car always parking here before . Oh , we've just repainted our car . It was red . Maybe . But the car of this space has a broken rearview mirror on the left . Yeah . It used to . We got that fixed yesterday too .
Oh , we've just repainted our car . It was red . Maybe . But the car of this space has a broken rearview mirror on the left . Yeah . It used to . We got that fixed yesterday too . Could you wait for a minute , sir ? I'd like to have a check .
Maybe . But the car of this space has a broken rearview mirror on the left . Yeah . It used to . We got that fixed yesterday too . Could you wait for a minute , sir ? I'd like to have a check . Sure , go ahead .
Yeah . It used to . We got that fixed yesterday too . Could you wait for a minute , sir ? I'd like to have a check . Sure , go ahead . Sorry , sir , my mistake . This is your parking space .
I am sorry to trouble you , but there's a lot of noise in the next room . Oh , is there ? Which room is it ? It's . I think , neighbours on the right . You mean the room thirteen-thirteen ?
Oh , is there ? Which room is it ? It's . I think , neighbours on the right . You mean the room thirteen-thirteen ? I'm not sure , but I think so . I'm very exhausted , but I can't sleep .
It's . I think , neighbours on the right . You mean the room thirteen-thirteen ? I'm not sure , but I think so . I'm very exhausted , but I can't sleep . All right , ma'am . I'll check and tell them to be quiet .
How about your interview ? They turned me down . Why ? You are so excellent . I think the only reason is that I was too nervous during the interview and I couldn't express myself the way I wanted to .
They turned me down . Why ? You are so excellent . I think the only reason is that I was too nervous during the interview and I couldn't express myself the way I wanted to . What a shame ! You should have showed yourself to them !
Why ? You are so excellent . I think the only reason is that I was too nervous during the interview and I couldn't express myself the way I wanted to . What a shame ! You should have showed yourself to them ! It doesn't matter . I'll try other companies .
I think the only reason is that I was too nervous during the interview and I couldn't express myself the way I wanted to . What a shame ! You should have showed yourself to them ! It doesn't matter . I'll try other companies . I suggest you hunt for a job on the Internet .
What a shame ! You should have showed yourself to them ! It doesn't matter . I'll try other companies . I suggest you hunt for a job on the Internet . On the Internet ? I've never heard of it .
It doesn't matter . I'll try other companies . I suggest you hunt for a job on the Internet . On the Internet ? I've never heard of it . It's very convenient and it has become popular recently .
I suggest you hunt for a job on the Internet . On the Internet ? I've never heard of it . It's very convenient and it has become popular recently . Is that safe ?
On the Internet ? I've never heard of it . It's very convenient and it has become popular recently . Is that safe ? Of course , if you log on some standard websites .
Hello . I sent out my laundry yesterday . Aren ' t they ready ? They'll be ready by this afternoon . Oh , no ! I'm leaving for Japan at 11 this morning . Is that right ? We're very sorry .
They'll be ready by this afternoon . Oh , no ! I'm leaving for Japan at 11 this morning . Is that right ? We're very sorry . I thought it was " the same day " service . Anyway , please do hurry .
Oh , no ! I'm leaving for Japan at 11 this morning . Is that right ? We're very sorry . I thought it was " the same day " service . Anyway , please do hurry . I'm afraid we can't return it by 11 o'clock .
Is that right ? We're very sorry . I thought it was " the same day " service . Anyway , please do hurry . I'm afraid we can't return it by 11 o'clock . Well , then , would you send it to Japan , please ?
Good morning . Wilson Association . This is Mr Brown speaking . I'd like to speak to Mr . Thomas , please . I'm sorry , but Mr . Thomas left the office a few minutes ago . That's bad ! I've been trying to call him for the last ten minutes , but your line has been busy . Will he be back soon ?
This is Mr Brown speaking . I'd like to speak to Mr . Thomas , please . I'm sorry , but Mr . Thomas left the office a few minutes ago . That's bad ! I've been trying to call him for the last ten minutes , but your line has been busy . Will he be back soon ? I'm afraid not . He's gone for the rest of the day .
I'm sorry , but Mr . Thomas left the office a few minutes ago . That's bad ! I've been trying to call him for the last ten minutes , but your line has been busy . Will he be back soon ? I'm afraid not . He's gone for the rest of the day . Is there anywhere I can reach him ?
That's bad ! I've been trying to call him for the last ten minutes , but your line has been busy . Will he be back soon ? I'm afraid not . He's gone for the rest of the day . Is there anywhere I can reach him ? I don't believe so . He's going out of town on business . May I take a message ?
I'm afraid not . He's gone for the rest of the day . Is there anywhere I can reach him ? I don't believe so . He's going out of town on business . May I take a message ? I have a business appointment with him for tomorrow morning at ten o'clock , but I'm afraid I can't make it .
Is there anywhere I can reach him ? I don't believe so . He's going out of town on business . May I take a message ? I have a business appointment with him for tomorrow morning at ten o'clock , but I'm afraid I can't make it . Would you care to make another appointment ?
I don't believe so . He's going out of town on business . May I take a message ? I have a business appointment with him for tomorrow morning at ten o'clock , but I'm afraid I can't make it . Would you care to make another appointment ? Unfortunately , I'm leaving town rather unexpectedly , and I may be gone for several days .
I have a business appointment with him for tomorrow morning at ten o'clock , but I'm afraid I can't make it . Would you care to make another appointment ? Unfortunately , I'm leaving town rather unexpectedly , and I may be gone for several days . I see . I can tell Mr . Thomas that you phoned .
Would you care to make another appointment ? Unfortunately , I'm leaving town rather unexpectedly , and I may be gone for several days . I see . I can tell Mr . Thomas that you phoned . Thank you .
Bruno Bistro , how may I help you ? Yes , hello , I would like to make a reservation please . Certainly sir , For which day and time please ? Tonight at seven .
Yes , hello , I would like to make a reservation please . Certainly sir , For which day and time please ? Tonight at seven . I'm sorry sir , but we are fully booked tonight until eight .
Certainly sir , For which day and time please ? Tonight at seven . I'm sorry sir , but we are fully booked tonight until eight . In that case , eight o'clock is fine .
Tonight at seven . I'm sorry sir , but we are fully booked tonight until eight . In that case , eight o'clock is fine . Very well , and how many people will attend tonight ?
I'm sorry sir , but we are fully booked tonight until eight . In that case , eight o'clock is fine . Very well , and how many people will attend tonight ? Four people .
In that case , eight o'clock is fine . Very well , and how many people will attend tonight ? Four people . Lastly , may I please know what name I should make the reservation under ?
Mom , where are you going ? I am going to buy some food to cook for supper . Good . I wanna come with you . How strange ! Our little emperor now asks to help out with shopping .
I am going to buy some food to cook for supper . Good . I wanna come with you . How strange ! Our little emperor now asks to help out with shopping . We learnt about vegetables and meat at school . But I never see the real thing .
Good . I wanna come with you . How strange ! Our little emperor now asks to help out with shopping . We learnt about vegetables and meat at school . But I never see the real thing . Wow , that's something new . Let's go ! What's this , honey ?
How strange ! Our little emperor now asks to help out with shopping . We learnt about vegetables and meat at school . But I never see the real thing . Wow , that's something new . Let's go ! What's this , honey ? Er , is it cabbage ?
We learnt about vegetables and meat at school . But I never see the real thing . Wow , that's something new . Let's go ! What's this , honey ? Er , is it cabbage ? Cabbage ? Is that what they teach at school now ? OK , honey , it's spinage .
Wow , that's something new . Let's go ! What's this , honey ? Er , is it cabbage ? Cabbage ? Is that what they teach at school now ? OK , honey , it's spinage . Yeah , I know , this is Popeye's favorite food .
Er , is it cabbage ? Cabbage ? Is that what they teach at school now ? OK , honey , it's spinage . Yeah , I know , this is Popeye's favorite food . There we go .
Cabbage ? Is that what they teach at school now ? OK , honey , it's spinage . Yeah , I know , this is Popeye's favorite food . There we go . Mom , come here . I know this , it is carrot , am I right ?
Wow ! What's the hold up ? It ' s probably just people trying to get an early start out of the city for the weekend . Nobody sticks around in the summer . Really ? Then , I guess I won ' t have a hard time finding a room or getting a cab ? Actually , you might because there ' s a big convention in town this weekend .
It says here that you graduated from Beijing Normal University with a major in English Language and Literature . Right . Then you may think that I am not fit for this job according to my educational background . Yes . But I want to be a tour guide very much because I like traveling and meeting various kinds of people . So I took an evening course at the Tourism School of Beijing after graduation and I have gotten a qualification certificate .
Right . Then you may think that I am not fit for this job according to my educational background . Yes . But I want to be a tour guide very much because I like traveling and meeting various kinds of people . So I took an evening course at the Tourism School of Beijing after graduation and I have gotten a qualification certificate . So you must be an extravert ?
Yes . But I want to be a tour guide very much because I like traveling and meeting various kinds of people . So I took an evening course at the Tourism School of Beijing after graduation and I have gotten a qualification certificate . So you must be an extravert ? Yes , I always enjoy being with a group of people and chatting with them .
But I want to be a tour guide very much because I like traveling and meeting various kinds of people . So I took an evening course at the Tourism School of Beijing after graduation and I have gotten a qualification certificate . So you must be an extravert ? Yes , I always enjoy being with a group of people and chatting with them . What do you think are the responsibilities of a tourist guide ?
So you must be an extravert ? Yes , I always enjoy being with a group of people and chatting with them . What do you think are the responsibilities of a tourist guide ? A tourist guide must be responsible for arranging and coordinating tour activities , and offering service of transportation , accommodation , sightseeing , shopping and entertainment .
Yes , I always enjoy being with a group of people and chatting with them . What do you think are the responsibilities of a tourist guide ? A tourist guide must be responsible for arranging and coordinating tour activities , and offering service of transportation , accommodation , sightseeing , shopping and entertainment . Don't you consider it a hard work ?
What do you think are the responsibilities of a tourist guide ? A tourist guide must be responsible for arranging and coordinating tour activities , and offering service of transportation , accommodation , sightseeing , shopping and entertainment . Don't you consider it a hard work ? Hard but interesting , I think .
A tourist guide must be responsible for arranging and coordinating tour activities , and offering service of transportation , accommodation , sightseeing , shopping and entertainment . Don't you consider it a hard work ? Hard but interesting , I think . Have you any experience as a tourist guide ?
Don't you consider it a hard work ? Hard but interesting , I think . Have you any experience as a tourist guide ? Yes , I usually guided foreign tourists around Beijing when I was in University .
Hard but interesting , I think . Have you any experience as a tourist guide ? Yes , I usually guided foreign tourists around Beijing when I was in University . Have you ever learned any other foreign languages other than English ?
I need a pan . Okay . Do you have a particular size in mind ? Well , the bigger the better , I think . Look at this one . It's our biggest pan .
Okay . Do you have a particular size in mind ? Well , the bigger the better , I think . Look at this one . It's our biggest pan . Yes , that is big enough , but it's too heavy for me .
Well , the bigger the better , I think . Look at this one . It's our biggest pan . Yes , that is big enough , but it's too heavy for me . Okay , we have the same thing in aluminum .
Look at this one . It's our biggest pan . Yes , that is big enough , but it's too heavy for me . Okay , we have the same thing in aluminum . Oh , this is nice and light . But it has an aluminum handle .
Yes , that is big enough , but it's too heavy for me . Okay , we have the same thing in aluminum . Oh , this is nice and light . But it has an aluminum handle . Try this one . Same aluminum pan , but with a heat-resistant bamboo handle .
Okay , we have the same thing in aluminum . Oh , this is nice and light . But it has an aluminum handle . Try this one . Same aluminum pan , but with a heat-resistant bamboo handle . Oh , yes . This is very nice . I'll take this one .
Oh , this is nice and light . But it has an aluminum handle . Try this one . Same aluminum pan , but with a heat-resistant bamboo handle . Oh , yes . This is very nice . I'll take this one . That's a good choice . How do you want to pay for it ?
Try this one . Same aluminum pan , but with a heat-resistant bamboo handle . Oh , yes . This is very nice . I'll take this one . That's a good choice . How do you want to pay for it ? Cash . Oh , I almost forgot . I need a lid , too .
Well , Randy , I'd say you've got a bad case of the flu . The main thing to do is get plenty of rest and drink lots of liquids . I'll prescribe something for that throat . Thanks , doctor . Is there anything I can take for this headache ? Some aspirin or Panadol should help . You can pick some up at the pharmacy when you go to fill your prescription . Okay .
Welcome to IBA Bank , how can we be of service ? I spoke to a girl named Claire on the phone ; it's about losing my card and everything . What I need you to do first is fill in these forms , with as much detail as possible . Then we can get you a new card . So , I can get my new card today ?
I spoke to a girl named Claire on the phone ; it's about losing my card and everything . What I need you to do first is fill in these forms , with as much detail as possible . Then we can get you a new card . So , I can get my new card today ? I'm sorry , Sir , the full procedure can take up to 7 days to process everything .
What I need you to do first is fill in these forms , with as much detail as possible . Then we can get you a new card . So , I can get my new card today ? I'm sorry , Sir , the full procedure can take up to 7 days to process everything . 7 days ! What am I supposed to do for money until then ?
Excuse me , Miss . What can I do for you ? I've just heard an announcement that my flight has been delayed . What's your flight number ?
What can I do for you ? I've just heard an announcement that my flight has been delayed . What's your flight number ? Flight CA216 to Chengdu .
I've just heard an announcement that my flight has been delayed . What's your flight number ? Flight CA216 to Chengdu . Yes , it's true . It has been delayed .
What's your flight number ? Flight CA216 to Chengdu . Yes , it's true . It has been delayed . Could you please tell me why ?
Flight CA216 to Chengdu . Yes , it's true . It has been delayed . Could you please tell me why ? Yes , of course . The delay is due to heavy rain .
Yes , it's true . It has been delayed . Could you please tell me why ? Yes , of course . The delay is due to heavy rain . How long will the delay be ? Do you have any further information about it ?
Could you please tell me why ? Yes , of course . The delay is due to heavy rain . How long will the delay be ? Do you have any further information about it ? I am sorry , we don't know the extent of the delay at present . But according to the latest weather forecast , there will be a change in weather soon .
Yes , of course . The delay is due to heavy rain . How long will the delay be ? Do you have any further information about it ? I am sorry , we don't know the extent of the delay at present . But according to the latest weather forecast , there will be a change in weather soon . We have to wait . Well , is it possible for the rain to stop before noon ?
How long will the delay be ? Do you have any further information about it ? I am sorry , we don't know the extent of the delay at present . But according to the latest weather forecast , there will be a change in weather soon . We have to wait . Well , is it possible for the rain to stop before noon ? It's hard to say . Weather is so changeable in the summer . Please listen to the latest announcement about your flight .
I am sorry , we don't know the extent of the delay at present . But according to the latest weather forecast , there will be a change in weather soon . We have to wait . Well , is it possible for the rain to stop before noon ? It's hard to say . Weather is so changeable in the summer . Please listen to the latest announcement about your flight . Yes , I will . Thanks a lot . Bye !
I take care of the letters . I may read , sort out and organize incoming mails . So you have to open all the envelopes . Yes , except the personal mail . And I also need to prepare the materials for posting and check the e-mail box regularly . Do you need to file copies of the letters before sending them ?
So you have to open all the envelopes . Yes , except the personal mail . And I also need to prepare the materials for posting and check the e-mail box regularly . Do you need to file copies of the letters before sending them ? Yes , and I check all the e-mails for Mr . Thomas .
Yes , except the personal mail . And I also need to prepare the materials for posting and check the e-mail box regularly . Do you need to file copies of the letters before sending them ? Yes , and I check all the e-mails for Mr . Thomas . I take care of the letters . I may read , sort out and organize incoming mails .
Do you need to file copies of the letters before sending them ? Yes , and I check all the e-mails for Mr . Thomas . I take care of the letters . I may read , sort out and organize incoming mails . So you have to open all the envelopes .
Yes , and I check all the e-mails for Mr . Thomas . I take care of the letters . I may read , sort out and organize incoming mails . So you have to open all the envelopes . Yes , except the personal mail . And I also need to prepare the materials for posting and check the e-mail box regularly .
I take care of the letters . I may read , sort out and organize incoming mails . So you have to open all the envelopes . Yes , except the personal mail . And I also need to prepare the materials for posting and check the e-mail box regularly . Do you need to file copies of the letters before sending them ?
OK , Allen . It's your turn . Are you ready ? I really would rather just listen . Isn't there anyone else who wants to sing ? Come on ! In the two hours we've been here you haven't sung even one song ! I know , but ... Hey , Stanley's here ! I've been wanting to hear him sing all night .
I really would rather just listen . Isn't there anyone else who wants to sing ? Come on ! In the two hours we've been here you haven't sung even one song ! I know , but ... Hey , Stanley's here ! I've been wanting to hear him sing all night . Well , you asked for it . Why don't you put on an Elvis song for him . He loves " The King . "
Hello , Sir . You're here to discuss the Network Settlement Service , right ? Yes , that's right . We want as much info as possible before we agree to anything . Yes , it's important to be all clued up before you enter into any agreement . To make full use of the Network Settlement Service and take advantage of the whole banking system , we provide internal fund transfers , account inquiry , agency clearing to name but a few . So , do you think our corporation will be eligible for this ?
do you like animals ? yes , doesn't everyone ? what's your favorite animal ? it's hard to say . While dogs are more affectionate , cats are much easier to take care of .
yes , doesn't everyone ? what's your favorite animal ? it's hard to say . While dogs are more affectionate , cats are much easier to take care of . have you ever had a dog ?
what's your favorite animal ? it's hard to say . While dogs are more affectionate , cats are much easier to take care of . have you ever had a dog ? when I was little , we had a few domestic dogs at home .
it's hard to say . While dogs are more affectionate , cats are much easier to take care of . have you ever had a dog ? when I was little , we had a few domestic dogs at home . they always say that dogs are a man's best friends . do you think that's true ?
have you ever had a dog ? when I was little , we had a few domestic dogs at home . they always say that dogs are a man's best friends . do you think that's true ? definitely . rich or poor , dogs always love their masters .
when I was little , we had a few domestic dogs at home . they always say that dogs are a man's best friends . do you think that's true ? definitely . rich or poor , dogs always love their masters . how about cats ? Have you ever had one for a pet ?
they always say that dogs are a man's best friends . do you think that's true ? definitely . rich or poor , dogs always love their masters . how about cats ? Have you ever had one for a pet ? i had one a few months ago , but she ended up running away .
definitely . rich or poor , dogs always love their masters . how about cats ? Have you ever had one for a pet ? i had one a few months ago , but she ended up running away . how did that happen ?
how about cats ? Have you ever had one for a pet ? i had one a few months ago , but she ended up running away . how did that happen ? she left through a window that was open one night and never returned .
i had one a few months ago , but she ended up running away . how did that happen ? she left through a window that was open one night and never returned . you must have been devastated !
how did that happen ? she left through a window that was open one night and never returned . you must have been devastated ! i was pretty sad . i still hope that she'll return some day !
she left through a window that was open one night and never returned . you must have been devastated ! i was pretty sad . i still hope that she'll return some day ! I hope she does . Do you think you'll ever get another pet ?
you must have been devastated ! i was pretty sad . i still hope that she'll return some day ! I hope she does . Do you think you'll ever get another pet ? I think I will . It's difficult to feel longly when you have a pet around .
i was pretty sad . i still hope that she'll return some day ! I hope she does . Do you think you'll ever get another pet ? I think I will . It's difficult to feel longly when you have a pet around . i hope your cat finds its way back home .
Have you decided where to go for the vacation ? I will join John in his mountaineering trip . Woo cool . Which mountain are you going to conquer ? We haven't made up our minds . Will you come with us ?
Excuse me , I ' Ve been waiting my main dish for quite a time . Yes sir , just a minute , please . I ' ll check with the kitchen . Thank you for waiting . It takes another 10 to 15 minutes , I ' m afraid . I have an appointment in half an hour . I see .
Yes sir , just a minute , please . I ' ll check with the kitchen . Thank you for waiting . It takes another 10 to 15 minutes , I ' m afraid . I have an appointment in half an hour . I see . Do you have anything else I can have instead ?
I have an appointment in half an hour . I see . Do you have anything else I can have instead ? Well sir , yes . How about this stew ? We can serve you at once .
Anything else ? Yes , one last thing . How much holiday time do you give your employees every year ? Our employees receive fifteen days of paid vacation every year . If you don ' t use the full fifteen days , they carry over to the following year . How about sick days ?
Yes , one last thing . How much holiday time do you give your employees every year ? Our employees receive fifteen days of paid vacation every year . If you don ' t use the full fifteen days , they carry over to the following year . How about sick days ? You get five paid sick days .
Our employees receive fifteen days of paid vacation every year . If you don ' t use the full fifteen days , they carry over to the following year . How about sick days ? You get five paid sick days . Any other benefits ?
How about sick days ? You get five paid sick days . Any other benefits ? Yes , we have an excellent retirement plan and medical insurance as well .
You get five paid sick days . Any other benefits ? Yes , we have an excellent retirement plan and medical insurance as well . Great . Thanks so much for your time .
Doctor , I feel much better now . Will I be albe to go home some time this week ? That's good to hear . You've had an ideal recovery from your operation . We're going to send you home tomorrow . Do you think I can get back to work very soon ? Don't be in such a hurry . I'm confident that you'll be completely recovered in 4 to 6 weeks .
That's good to hear . You've had an ideal recovery from your operation . We're going to send you home tomorrow . Do you think I can get back to work very soon ? Don't be in such a hurry . I'm confident that you'll be completely recovered in 4 to 6 weeks . Is there anything I should do ?
Do you think I can get back to work very soon ? Don't be in such a hurry . I'm confident that you'll be completely recovered in 4 to 6 weeks . Is there anything I should do ? You'd better have a good rest for a week . Be sure to have regular meals . Stay away from alcohol . Give up smoking at least a little while .
Don't be in such a hurry . I'm confident that you'll be completely recovered in 4 to 6 weeks . Is there anything I should do ? You'd better have a good rest for a week . Be sure to have regular meals . Stay away from alcohol . Give up smoking at least a little while . Should I take some medicine ?
Is there anything I should do ? You'd better have a good rest for a week . Be sure to have regular meals . Stay away from alcohol . Give up smoking at least a little while . Should I take some medicine ? Yes . I'm going to give you some . Take one tablet of this medicine three times a day before meals . For that one , two tablets . And remember to come to the out patient department for a consultation in two weeks , please .
You'd better have a good rest for a week . Be sure to have regular meals . Stay away from alcohol . Give up smoking at least a little while . Should I take some medicine ? Yes . I'm going to give you some . Take one tablet of this medicine three times a day before meals . For that one , two tablets . And remember to come to the out patient department for a consultation in two weeks , please . It's very kind of you .
What do we need to get from the supermarket ? We need lots of things . I ' ll make a list . We need a bag of sugar , a loaf of bread and a crate of beer . A crate of beer ? Why do we need that ? Just joking . I would like to get a few bottles of beer though . We also need a liter of cooking oil .
We need lots of things . I ' ll make a list . We need a bag of sugar , a loaf of bread and a crate of beer . A crate of beer ? Why do we need that ? Just joking . I would like to get a few bottles of beer though . We also need a liter of cooking oil . we can buy a three-liter bottle . It works out cheaper per liter . We should buy a packet of butter and a few pints of milk too .
A crate of beer ? Why do we need that ? Just joking . I would like to get a few bottles of beer though . We also need a liter of cooking oil . we can buy a three-liter bottle . It works out cheaper per liter . We should buy a packet of butter and a few pints of milk too . I ' d like to get a jar of strawberry jam and a bottle of tomato ketchup . Do we need any meat ?
Just joking . I would like to get a few bottles of beer though . We also need a liter of cooking oil . we can buy a three-liter bottle . It works out cheaper per liter . We should buy a packet of butter and a few pints of milk too . I ' d like to get a jar of strawberry jam and a bottle of tomato ketchup . Do we need any meat ? I think we should get half a kilo of minced beef and a few pork chops .
we can buy a three-liter bottle . It works out cheaper per liter . We should buy a packet of butter and a few pints of milk too . I ' d like to get a jar of strawberry jam and a bottle of tomato ketchup . Do we need any meat ? I think we should get half a kilo of minced beef and a few pork chops . Ok . Let ' s not forget fruit and vegetables . We need a bunch of bananas , a kilo of tomatoes and a bag of potatoes .
I ' d like to get a jar of strawberry jam and a bottle of tomato ketchup . Do we need any meat ? I think we should get half a kilo of minced beef and a few pork chops . Ok . Let ' s not forget fruit and vegetables . We need a bunch of bananas , a kilo of tomatoes and a bag of potatoes . We should also get a tube of toothpaste and a bar of soap . Let ' s get a tub of ice cream too . We can treat ourselves .
I think we should get half a kilo of minced beef and a few pork chops . Ok . Let ' s not forget fruit and vegetables . We need a bunch of bananas , a kilo of tomatoes and a bag of potatoes . We should also get a tube of toothpaste and a bar of soap . Let ' s get a tub of ice cream too . We can treat ourselves . Ok . We should get a few tins of tuna . Anything else ?
Ok . Let ' s not forget fruit and vegetables . We need a bunch of bananas , a kilo of tomatoes and a bag of potatoes . We should also get a tube of toothpaste and a bar of soap . Let ' s get a tub of ice cream too . We can treat ourselves . Ok . We should get a few tins of tuna . Anything else ? I ' d like a few cans of coke . We also need a dozen eggs and half a dozen sausages .
We should also get a tube of toothpaste and a bar of soap . Let ' s get a tub of ice cream too . We can treat ourselves . Ok . We should get a few tins of tuna . Anything else ? I ' d like a few cans of coke . We also need a dozen eggs and half a dozen sausages . let ' s get a chunk of cheese too . Is that everything .
What about driving to Shanghai ? Driving ? No way , it's too far . I just thought it would be an interesting way to see lots of places . How long will it take ? Too long , and you do not have much time .
Well , I'm glad you're finally back . I was wondering what happened . I feel kind of stupid . Why ? We got lost coming back . I guess I don't really know this town yet .
I feel kind of stupid . Why ? We got lost coming back . I guess I don't really know this town yet . You got lost . You're kidding !
Why ? We got lost coming back . I guess I don't really know this town yet . You got lost . You're kidding ! No . We took a wrong turn somewhere . And Joseph doesn't know the town at all . So I started giving him directions . But I didn't really know where we were . So we got seriously lost .
We got lost coming back . I guess I don't really know this town yet . You got lost . You're kidding ! No . We took a wrong turn somewhere . And Joseph doesn't know the town at all . So I started giving him directions . But I didn't really know where we were . So we got seriously lost . You could have called .
You got lost . You're kidding ! No . We took a wrong turn somewhere . And Joseph doesn't know the town at all . So I started giving him directions . But I didn't really know where we were . So we got seriously lost . You could have called . I know I could have . But finally we asked someone where we were .
No . We took a wrong turn somewhere . And Joseph doesn't know the town at all . So I started giving him directions . But I didn't really know where we were . So we got seriously lost . You could have called . I know I could have . But finally we asked someone where we were . You've been gone for two hours . How could you get lost for so long ?
You could have called . I know I could have . But finally we asked someone where we were . You've been gone for two hours . How could you get lost for so long ? Guess where we ended up .
I know I could have . But finally we asked someone where we were . You've been gone for two hours . How could you get lost for so long ? Guess where we ended up . I don't know . Where ?
You've been gone for two hours . How could you get lost for so long ? Guess where we ended up . I don't know . Where ? When we finally decided to ask someone , they told us we were in Grangerfield .
Guess where we ended up . I don't know . Where ? When we finally decided to ask someone , they told us we were in Grangerfield . Grangerfield ! You were in Grangerfield ? That's a completely different town ! How could you drive to a completely different town ?
I don't know . Where ? When we finally decided to ask someone , they told us we were in Grangerfield . Grangerfield ! You were in Grangerfield ? That's a completely different town ! How could you drive to a completely different town ? I don't know . The person we asked had to give us directions to the highway to get back here .
When we finally decided to ask someone , they told us we were in Grangerfield . Grangerfield ! You were in Grangerfield ? That's a completely different town ! How could you drive to a completely different town ? I don't know . The person we asked had to give us directions to the highway to get back here . Grangerfield is like a dozen miles away from here .
Grangerfield ! You were in Grangerfield ? That's a completely different town ! How could you drive to a completely different town ? I don't know . The person we asked had to give us directions to the highway to get back here . Grangerfield is like a dozen miles away from here . I know it is . I don't know how it happened .
I don't know . The person we asked had to give us directions to the highway to get back here . Grangerfield is like a dozen miles away from here . I know it is . I don't know how it happened . Hmm , maybe I do .
Grangerfield is like a dozen miles away from here . I know it is . I don't know how it happened . Hmm , maybe I do . What ?
I know it is . I don't know how it happened . Hmm , maybe I do . What ? Maybe I have an idea how it happened .
Hmm , maybe I do . What ? Maybe I have an idea how it happened . How ?
What ? Maybe I have an idea how it happened . How ? You were too busy looking at Joseph , and you weren't paying attention to the road .
What do you think of our price ? Your price has gone up sharply , hasn't it ? Yes . We regret we cannot maintain our original price . Since the prices of the raw materials have been raised , we have to adjust the price of our products accordingly . I agree with you there , but your price is unreasonable .
Your price has gone up sharply , hasn't it ? Yes . We regret we cannot maintain our original price . Since the prices of the raw materials have been raised , we have to adjust the price of our products accordingly . I agree with you there , but your price is unreasonable . I don't think so . You must compare our price with that of other export houses . I'm sure our offer is in line with the prevailing market price level .
Yes . We regret we cannot maintain our original price . Since the prices of the raw materials have been raised , we have to adjust the price of our products accordingly . I agree with you there , but your price is unreasonable . I don't think so . You must compare our price with that of other export houses . I'm sure our offer is in line with the prevailing market price level . I don't think we'll be able to pay the price . To have this business concluded , you need to lower your price at least by 3 % .
I agree with you there , but your price is unreasonable . I don't think so . You must compare our price with that of other export houses . I'm sure our offer is in line with the prevailing market price level . I don't think we'll be able to pay the price . To have this business concluded , you need to lower your price at least by 3 % . I ' m afraid that there is no room for any reduction in price .
I don't think so . You must compare our price with that of other export houses . I'm sure our offer is in line with the prevailing market price level . I don't think we'll be able to pay the price . To have this business concluded , you need to lower your price at least by 3 % . I ' m afraid that there is no room for any reduction in price . Don't you agree with me that in the long run , moderate prices will bring about large sales and more profit ?
I don't think we'll be able to pay the price . To have this business concluded , you need to lower your price at least by 3 % . I ' m afraid that there is no room for any reduction in price . Don't you agree with me that in the long run , moderate prices will bring about large sales and more profit ? We've already cut down our price to cost level .
I ' m afraid that there is no room for any reduction in price . Don't you agree with me that in the long run , moderate prices will bring about large sales and more profit ? We've already cut down our price to cost level . Is that all ?
Don't you agree with me that in the long run , moderate prices will bring about large sales and more profit ? We've already cut down our price to cost level . Is that all ? Yes , this is the best we can do .
Hello , this is the International Youth Hotel . How can I help you ? oh , yes . I want to check whether you still have any vacancies . I need three single rooms for next Monday . ok . There're vacancies . Since the peak season is coming , it's advisable to book soon . Would you like to make a reservation now ? yes , please . Do you take credit cards ?
oh , yes . I want to check whether you still have any vacancies . I need three single rooms for next Monday . ok . There're vacancies . Since the peak season is coming , it's advisable to book soon . Would you like to make a reservation now ? yes , please . Do you take credit cards ? yes , we accept all major credit cards .
ok . There're vacancies . Since the peak season is coming , it's advisable to book soon . Would you like to make a reservation now ? yes , please . Do you take credit cards ? yes , we accept all major credit cards . and how about Internet access ?
yes , please . Do you take credit cards ? yes , we accept all major credit cards . and how about Internet access ? there's free Internet access in the lobby .
yes , we accept all major credit cards . and how about Internet access ? there's free Internet access in the lobby . is it available in the rooms ?
and how about Internet access ? there's free Internet access in the lobby . is it available in the rooms ? Unfortunately not .
there's free Internet access in the lobby . is it available in the rooms ? Unfortunately not . that's OK . Is breakfast included ?
is it available in the rooms ? Unfortunately not . that's OK . Is breakfast included ? yes , breakfast is included and parking is available .
Unfortunately not . that's OK . Is breakfast included ? yes , breakfast is included and parking is available . fantastic . Thank you very much .
You have the right to remain silent . Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law . You have the right to have an attorney present during questioning . If you cannot afford an attorney , one will be appointed for you . Do you understand ? Yes . What's your name ? My name is James .
Yes . What's your name ? My name is James . What's your nationality ?
What's your name ? My name is James . What's your nationality ? American .
My name is James . What's your nationality ? American . What's your relationship with the victim ?
What's your nationality ? American . What's your relationship with the victim ? I don't know him .
American . What's your relationship with the victim ? I don't know him . Why did you attack the victim ?
What's your relationship with the victim ? I don't know him . Why did you attack the victim ? Because he beat me first when I tried to stop him from grabbing my bag and running away .
I don't know him . Why did you attack the victim ? Because he beat me first when I tried to stop him from grabbing my bag and running away . How many times did you stab the victim ?
Why did you attack the victim ? Because he beat me first when I tried to stop him from grabbing my bag and running away . How many times did you stab the victim ? I stabbed his belly three times .
Because he beat me first when I tried to stop him from grabbing my bag and running away . How many times did you stab the victim ? I stabbed his belly three times . Did you know hat your actions might cause serous injuries or death ?
How many times did you stab the victim ? I stabbed his belly three times . Did you know hat your actions might cause serous injuries or death ? I knew , but I couldn't control myself .
I stabbed his belly three times . Did you know hat your actions might cause serous injuries or death ? I knew , but I couldn't control myself . Was it your intention to kill the victim ?
Did you know hat your actions might cause serous injuries or death ? I knew , but I couldn't control myself . Was it your intention to kill the victim ? No . I didn't kill him on purpose , madam . It's him who caused the incident . I need to see my attorney .
Ahhchooo ! You've been sneezing a lot lately . Are you sick or something ? No . Every spring time around April , I'm stricken with allergies . I never have seasonal allergies .
You've been sneezing a lot lately . Are you sick or something ? No . Every spring time around April , I'm stricken with allergies . I never have seasonal allergies . Consider yourself lucky .
No . Every spring time around April , I'm stricken with allergies . I never have seasonal allergies . Consider yourself lucky . What are all the symptoms ?
I never have seasonal allergies . Consider yourself lucky . What are all the symptoms ? Well , as you just saw , I sneeze a lot . Also , my nose becomes very runny , my throat sometimes itches , and my eyes start to water .
Consider yourself lucky . What are all the symptoms ? Well , as you just saw , I sneeze a lot . Also , my nose becomes very runny , my throat sometimes itches , and my eyes start to water . That doesn't sound good .
What are all the symptoms ? Well , as you just saw , I sneeze a lot . Also , my nose becomes very runny , my throat sometimes itches , and my eyes start to water . That doesn't sound good . No , it's not . So you don't have any type of allergies ?
Well , as you just saw , I sneeze a lot . Also , my nose becomes very runny , my throat sometimes itches , and my eyes start to water . That doesn't sound good . No , it's not . So you don't have any type of allergies ? Well , I have a severe allergic reaction to alcohol . It runs in the family .
That doesn't sound good . No , it's not . So you don't have any type of allergies ? Well , I have a severe allergic reaction to alcohol . It runs in the family . Everyone to some extent is allergic to alcohol .
No , it's not . So you don't have any type of allergies ? Well , I have a severe allergic reaction to alcohol . It runs in the family . Everyone to some extent is allergic to alcohol . I get it pretty bad . My whole face turns red , including my ears . My eyes become bloodshot , and I start to itch all over my body .
Well , I have a severe allergic reaction to alcohol . It runs in the family . Everyone to some extent is allergic to alcohol . I get it pretty bad . My whole face turns red , including my ears . My eyes become bloodshot , and I start to itch all over my body . That's pretty bad .
Hello , this is ABC Corporation . May I help you ? Yes , I ' m enquiring about your advertisement for a sales manager in today ' s newspaper . Is this position still open ? Yes , but do you have any experiences as a sales manager ? Yes , I have a lot of previous experiences in sales . I worked in sales departments for two companies since I finished my university .
Yes , I ' m enquiring about your advertisement for a sales manager in today ' s newspaper . Is this position still open ? Yes , but do you have any experiences as a sales manager ? Yes , I have a lot of previous experiences in sales . I worked in sales departments for two companies since I finished my university . That sounds fine . Please give me your name and phone numbers . I ' ll set up an appointment for an interview for you . It will most likely be in a couple of days . Is it all right for you ?
Yes , but do you have any experiences as a sales manager ? Yes , I have a lot of previous experiences in sales . I worked in sales departments for two companies since I finished my university . That sounds fine . Please give me your name and phone numbers . I ' ll set up an appointment for an interview for you . It will most likely be in a couple of days . Is it all right for you ? Yes , my name is Brian and my phone number is 5294870 .
So , Casey , how are things going with the photos for the press kit ? Yeah , I ' Ve been meaning to talk to you about that . I might need to ask for an extension on that deadline . You ' Ve had over a month to get this finalized ! Why are things delayed ? Well , the thing is , we ran into a lot of problems . . .
Yeah , I ' Ve been meaning to talk to you about that . I might need to ask for an extension on that deadline . You ' Ve had over a month to get this finalized ! Why are things delayed ? Well , the thing is , we ran into a lot of problems . . . I ' m not looking for excuses here . I just want to get this finished on time !
You ' Ve had over a month to get this finalized ! Why are things delayed ? Well , the thing is , we ran into a lot of problems . . . I ' m not looking for excuses here . I just want to get this finished on time ! I know , and I apologize for the delay . But some things were just beyond my control . I had trouble booking the photographer , and then Michael was sick for three weeks , so I couldn ' t include him in the photos , and the design team lost all the files , so I had to re-do the pictures .
After I am accepted for unemployment benefits , what will happen next ? You will receive a Notice of Unemployment Insurance Award letter . What will that tell me ? The Award Letter will tell you how much you will receive weekly .
You will receive a Notice of Unemployment Insurance Award letter . What will that tell me ? The Award Letter will tell you how much you will receive weekly . Are there any other forms that I need to fill out ?
What will that tell me ? The Award Letter will tell you how much you will receive weekly . Are there any other forms that I need to fill out ? You will need to fill out a Continued Claim Form every two weeks .
The Award Letter will tell you how much you will receive weekly . Are there any other forms that I need to fill out ? You will need to fill out a Continued Claim Form every two weeks . What information will I need to provide on that form ?
Are there any other forms that I need to fill out ? You will need to fill out a Continued Claim Form every two weeks . What information will I need to provide on that form ? They will need to know where you worked and how much money you made .
You will need to fill out a Continued Claim Form every two weeks . What information will I need to provide on that form ? They will need to know where you worked and how much money you made . Are there any other questions on the form ?
Peter , enough with your computer games . Go do your homework now . Can't I play more ? No ! Stop playing computer games ! Mom , I'll be finished soon .
What's the side dish that you're making for dinner ? I'm not sure . I was thinking of making a vegetable . What kind of vegetable are you thinking about making ? Do you know what kind of vegetable you want to eat ?
I'm not sure . I was thinking of making a vegetable . What kind of vegetable are you thinking about making ? Do you know what kind of vegetable you want to eat ? Why don't you make some corn ?
What kind of vegetable are you thinking about making ? Do you know what kind of vegetable you want to eat ? Why don't you make some corn ? How would you like the corn ?
Do you know what kind of vegetable you want to eat ? Why don't you make some corn ? How would you like the corn ? I don't understand what you mean .
Why don't you make some corn ? How would you like the corn ? I don't understand what you mean . Do you want it boiled , grilled , or microwaved ?
How would you like the corn ? I don't understand what you mean . Do you want it boiled , grilled , or microwaved ? Why don't you grill it ?
I don't understand what you mean . Do you want it boiled , grilled , or microwaved ? Why don't you grill it ? That's how you want it ?
Do you want it boiled , grilled , or microwaved ? Why don't you grill it ? That's how you want it ? Yeah , that sounds delicious .
what shall we do after the volleyball match ? how about going to the Olympic souvenir store to have a look ? I remember there is one in the gym . that's a good idea . I was thinking of buying some gifts for my family . me , too . What did you have in mind ?
how about going to the Olympic souvenir store to have a look ? I remember there is one in the gym . that's a good idea . I was thinking of buying some gifts for my family . me , too . What did you have in mind ? I haven't decided yet , but I think the Olympic Mascots are a must .
that's a good idea . I was thinking of buying some gifts for my family . me , too . What did you have in mind ? I haven't decided yet , but I think the Olympic Mascots are a must . I agree . They're very lovely , especially " Huan Huan " .
me , too . What did you have in mind ? I haven't decided yet , but I think the Olympic Mascots are a must . I agree . They're very lovely , especially " Huan Huan " . is that the red one ? That is my favorite , too . Do you know how much they are ?
I haven't decided yet , but I think the Olympic Mascots are a must . I agree . They're very lovely , especially " Huan Huan " . is that the red one ? That is my favorite , too . Do you know how much they are ? the five dolls are sold together as a set , and they're priced according to the size . The bigger they are the more expensive .
I agree . They're very lovely , especially " Huan Huan " . is that the red one ? That is my favorite , too . Do you know how much they are ? the five dolls are sold together as a set , and they're priced according to the size . The bigger they are the more expensive . oh , I see . If I buy more than a set , can I get any discount ?
is that the red one ? That is my favorite , too . Do you know how much they are ? the five dolls are sold together as a set , and they're priced according to the size . The bigger they are the more expensive . oh , I see . If I buy more than a set , can I get any discount ? I don't think so . All the souvenirs of the Olympic Games are very hot right now .
the five dolls are sold together as a set , and they're priced according to the size . The bigger they are the more expensive . oh , I see . If I buy more than a set , can I get any discount ? I don't think so . All the souvenirs of the Olympic Games are very hot right now . any other ideas ?
oh , I see . If I buy more than a set , can I get any discount ? I don't think so . All the souvenirs of the Olympic Games are very hot right now . any other ideas ? there are lots of things , such as postcards , key chains , posters and various arts and crafts .
Hi , I want to check out . Here is my room key . One second , sir , while I print out your receipt . Here you are . Thanks . May I ask , sir , if you enjoyed your stay ?
One second , sir , while I print out your receipt . Here you are . Thanks . May I ask , sir , if you enjoyed your stay ? Well , except for one night , I enjoyed the hotel . And I loved New York , of course .
Excuse me . What's the actual flight time from here to San Francisco ? It's about twelve hours . Can you tell me what time we're arriving ? Sure . Let me see ... at 6:15 a . m . local time .
It's about twelve hours . Can you tell me what time we're arriving ? Sure . Let me see ... at 6:15 a . m . local time . I see .
Could you tell me a little about the organization ? For example , how big is your workforce here ? Well in total we have around 150 employees based in Hong Kong with another 400 in our head office in Beijing . The news desk staff in Hong Kong comprises around 80 staff . I see . And how about the working hours ? Well , as you know Rebecca , in journalism work hours are not exactly nine to five . You could be on call at any time . We do have to work very unsociable hours at times .
Well in total we have around 150 employees based in Hong Kong with another 400 in our head office in Beijing . The news desk staff in Hong Kong comprises around 80 staff . I see . And how about the working hours ? Well , as you know Rebecca , in journalism work hours are not exactly nine to five . You could be on call at any time . We do have to work very unsociable hours at times . Well I am used to that , Mr . Parsons , so that ' s not really a shock for me .
I see . And how about the working hours ? Well , as you know Rebecca , in journalism work hours are not exactly nine to five . You could be on call at any time . We do have to work very unsociable hours at times . Well I am used to that , Mr . Parsons , so that ' s not really a shock for me . Good , as long as you understand that .
Well , as you know Rebecca , in journalism work hours are not exactly nine to five . You could be on call at any time . We do have to work very unsociable hours at times . Well I am used to that , Mr . Parsons , so that ' s not really a shock for me . Good , as long as you understand that . And when do you need to fill the vacancy , Mr . Parsons ?
Well I am used to that , Mr . Parsons , so that ' s not really a shock for me . Good , as long as you understand that . And when do you need to fill the vacancy , Mr . Parsons ? Yesterday ! But no , we are hoping to start from the beginning of next month .
Wow , this is amazing . I'm glad we've come here . So cool . I always love skiing . You know , it's a cool game for cool people . Stay with me and you will be cool , too . Hey , look over there . It seems that there is something interesting going on . Let's go and have a look . Sure . It's probably the skiing show . Adam told me there were many skiing clubs whose members put on shows to attract more visitors .
I always love skiing . You know , it's a cool game for cool people . Stay with me and you will be cool , too . Hey , look over there . It seems that there is something interesting going on . Let's go and have a look . Sure . It's probably the skiing show . Adam told me there were many skiing clubs whose members put on shows to attract more visitors . See that . It's so dangerous . My mom would never allow me to do that .
Hey , look over there . It seems that there is something interesting going on . Let's go and have a look . Sure . It's probably the skiing show . Adam told me there were many skiing clubs whose members put on shows to attract more visitors . See that . It's so dangerous . My mom would never allow me to do that . Hey , don't be so pathetic . It's a maximal sports show . What else can they do to attract more visitors ? Stop all this fuss and enjoy the show .
Sure . It's probably the skiing show . Adam told me there were many skiing clubs whose members put on shows to attract more visitors . See that . It's so dangerous . My mom would never allow me to do that . Hey , don't be so pathetic . It's a maximal sports show . What else can they do to attract more visitors ? Stop all this fuss and enjoy the show . You are right . But what if the avalanche happened ?
See that . It's so dangerous . My mom would never allow me to do that . Hey , don't be so pathetic . It's a maximal sports show . What else can they do to attract more visitors ? Stop all this fuss and enjoy the show . You are right . But what if the avalanche happened ? They are all very experienced and great skiers . So I suppose the chance for them to be buried by an avalanche is slim .
Hey , don't be so pathetic . It's a maximal sports show . What else can they do to attract more visitors ? Stop all this fuss and enjoy the show . You are right . But what if the avalanche happened ? They are all very experienced and great skiers . So I suppose the chance for them to be buried by an avalanche is slim . Anyway , the show is breathtaking . By the way , where did they get so much snow in here ?
You are right . But what if the avalanche happened ? They are all very experienced and great skiers . So I suppose the chance for them to be buried by an avalanche is slim . Anyway , the show is breathtaking . By the way , where did they get so much snow in here ? Don't you know that ? Are you kidding me ?
They are all very experienced and great skiers . So I suppose the chance for them to be buried by an avalanche is slim . Anyway , the show is breathtaking . By the way , where did they get so much snow in here ? Don't you know that ? Are you kidding me ? Hey , not everyone is as lucky as you to have a father who is a scientist .
Anyway , the show is breathtaking . By the way , where did they get so much snow in here ? Don't you know that ? Are you kidding me ? Hey , not everyone is as lucky as you to have a father who is a scientist . Sorry . Well , they have the most advanced snowmaking machine .
Don't you know that ? Are you kidding me ? Hey , not everyone is as lucky as you to have a father who is a scientist . Sorry . Well , they have the most advanced snowmaking machine . Do you think the snowmaking may cause pollution ?
Hey , not everyone is as lucky as you to have a father who is a scientist . Sorry . Well , they have the most advanced snowmaking machine . Do you think the snowmaking may cause pollution ? It's possible . But the boss here said they were doing whatever they can .
Sorry . Well , they have the most advanced snowmaking machine . Do you think the snowmaking may cause pollution ? It's possible . But the boss here said they were doing whatever they can . It's a good thing . OK , let's go skiing .
Sandy , can you help me contact these people ? Sure , what do you want me to tell them ? Well , I need to confirm the time of their classes . Ok , where can I find their telephone number ?
Sure , what do you want me to tell them ? Well , I need to confirm the time of their classes . Ok , where can I find their telephone number ? They are all listed here on this sheet of paper .
Well , I need to confirm the time of their classes . Ok , where can I find their telephone number ? They are all listed here on this sheet of paper . Is it their home , office or cell phone numbers ?
Ok , where can I find their telephone number ? They are all listed here on this sheet of paper . Is it their home , office or cell phone numbers ? Unless it ' s marked differently , it ' s their home numbers .
They are all listed here on this sheet of paper . Is it their home , office or cell phone numbers ? Unless it ' s marked differently , it ' s their home numbers . Alright . What if I can ' t get a hold of them by phone ?
Is it their home , office or cell phone numbers ? Unless it ' s marked differently , it ' s their home numbers . Alright . What if I can ' t get a hold of them by phone ? Then , you should e-mail them with the information .
Unless it ' s marked differently , it ' s their home numbers . Alright . What if I can ' t get a hold of them by phone ? Then , you should e-mail them with the information . Where can I find their e-mail addresses ?
Alright . What if I can ' t get a hold of them by phone ? Then , you should e-mail them with the information . Where can I find their e-mail addresses ? They should have then listed on their resumes .
Then , you should e-mail them with the information . Where can I find their e-mail addresses ? They should have then listed on their resumes . And if there aren ' t any e-mail addresses ?
Where can I find their e-mail addresses ? They should have then listed on their resumes . And if there aren ' t any e-mail addresses ? Then send them a SMS on their cell phone .
They should have then listed on their resumes . And if there aren ' t any e-mail addresses ? Then send them a SMS on their cell phone . Ok . That sounds easy enough . Have you called any of them yet ?
And if there aren ' t any e-mail addresses ? Then send them a SMS on their cell phone . Ok . That sounds easy enough . Have you called any of them yet ? Yes . I called the first three people on the list , but they didn ' t pick up .
Then send them a SMS on their cell phone . Ok . That sounds easy enough . Have you called any of them yet ? Yes . I called the first three people on the list , but they didn ' t pick up . Did you leave a voice message ?
Ok . That sounds easy enough . Have you called any of them yet ? Yes . I called the first three people on the list , but they didn ' t pick up . Did you leave a voice message ? I left a voice message on one---just for the first person on the list .
Yes . I called the first three people on the list , but they didn ' t pick up . Did you leave a voice message ? I left a voice message on one---just for the first person on the list . I see . What did you tell her ?
Did you leave a voice message ? I left a voice message on one---just for the first person on the list . I see . What did you tell her ? I told her that she should call me back at my office number .
I left a voice message on one---just for the first person on the list . I see . What did you tell her ? I told her that she should call me back at my office number . Ok , so , maybe I should call her again .
I see . What did you tell her ? I told her that she should call me back at my office number . Ok , so , maybe I should call her again . Yes , that sounds like a good idea . She might not get the other message in time .
I told her that she should call me back at my office number . Ok , so , maybe I should call her again . Yes , that sounds like a good idea . She might not get the other message in time . One more question . It looks like some of these numbers are long-distance . Do you have a calling card that I can use to get through to them ?
Ok , so , maybe I should call her again . Yes , that sounds like a good idea . She might not get the other message in time . One more question . It looks like some of these numbers are long-distance . Do you have a calling card that I can use to get through to them ? Sure . You can use this one . The pin number is written on the back of the card .
Yes , that sounds like a good idea . She might not get the other message in time . One more question . It looks like some of these numbers are long-distance . Do you have a calling card that I can use to get through to them ? Sure . You can use this one . The pin number is written on the back of the card . Alright . Thanks a lot . Don ' t worry . I ' ll take care of it .
One more question . It looks like some of these numbers are long-distance . Do you have a calling card that I can use to get through to them ? Sure . You can use this one . The pin number is written on the back of the card . Alright . Thanks a lot . Don ' t worry . I ' ll take care of it . Great work . I ' m off for the weekend ! See you on Monday .
What can I do for you , sir ? We'd like to order breakfast for tomorrow morning . Yes , sir . What would you like ? Orange juice , scrambled eggs , bacon , toast and coffee .
We'd like to order breakfast for tomorrow morning . Yes , sir . What would you like ? Orange juice , scrambled eggs , bacon , toast and coffee . OK , and when shall I bring it here ?
Yes , sir . What would you like ? Orange juice , scrambled eggs , bacon , toast and coffee . OK , and when shall I bring it here ? About seven thirty . By the way , could you also bring me tomorrow's papers ?
Hello . This is John ' s Distribution . Can I help you ? Yes . I need some ice water delivered . Are you completely out ? No , I have some , but not enough for the long weekend .
Yes . I need some ice water delivered . Are you completely out ? No , I have some , but not enough for the long weekend . Okay . I ' ll send someone to deliver it for you tomorrow .
Are you completely out ? No , I have some , but not enough for the long weekend . Okay . I ' ll send someone to deliver it for you tomorrow . Thank you .
Hello , Parker . How's everything ? Can't complain . And you ? Business is booming . I understand you want to meet up with me next week . How's your schedule look ? Let me see . I can come out and see you first thing Wednesday .
I'd like to taste some local dishes . What would you recommend ? That's fine . You must try this dish . Could you tell me how this thing is cooked ? It's fish steamed and served with our special sauce .
That's fine . You must try this dish . Could you tell me how this thing is cooked ? It's fish steamed and served with our special sauce . Is it good ?
Could you tell me how this thing is cooked ? It's fish steamed and served with our special sauce . Is it good ? Sure . It's a most popular dish .
It's fish steamed and served with our special sauce . Is it good ? Sure . It's a most popular dish . I think I'll try it , and give me some green salad together .
Is it good ? Sure . It's a most popular dish . I think I'll try it , and give me some green salad together . We have two dressings for salad . Which one would you like ?
Sure . It's a most popular dish . I think I'll try it , and give me some green salad together . We have two dressings for salad . Which one would you like ? What kind do you have ?
I think I'll try it , and give me some green salad together . We have two dressings for salad . Which one would you like ? What kind do you have ? We have French and Thousand Island .
Good afternoon , Lexington Software . Angelina Dawson , how can I help ? Hello , this is Quinn from IBA . Ah , hello Quinn . Oh dear , you are calling to tell me there is a problem , aren't you ? I'm afraid so , yes .
Hello , this is Quinn from IBA . Ah , hello Quinn . Oh dear , you are calling to tell me there is a problem , aren't you ? I'm afraid so , yes . Hmm ... well , it was my first attempt ! Is it a very big mistake , or can we just alter it ?
Ah , hello Quinn . Oh dear , you are calling to tell me there is a problem , aren't you ? I'm afraid so , yes . Hmm ... well , it was my first attempt ! Is it a very big mistake , or can we just alter it ? Unfortunately it's rather a big mistake .
I'm afraid so , yes . Hmm ... well , it was my first attempt ! Is it a very big mistake , or can we just alter it ? Unfortunately it's rather a big mistake . What do you recommend we do ?
Hmm ... well , it was my first attempt ! Is it a very big mistake , or can we just alter it ? Unfortunately it's rather a big mistake . What do you recommend we do ? I would recommend we scrap this one and you bring in another set as soon as possible .
I need to use the ATM . What ' s stopping you ? I ' m not sure how . I don ' t understand .
What ' s stopping you ? I ' m not sure how . I don ' t understand . I ' Ve never used one before .
I ' m not sure how . I don ' t understand . I ' Ve never used one before . I can help you figure it out .
I don ' t understand . I ' Ve never used one before . I can help you figure it out . What do I have to do ?
I ' Ve never used one before . I can help you figure it out . What do I have to do ? Slide your card into the machine .
I can help you figure it out . What do I have to do ? Slide your card into the machine . Then what ?
What do I have to do ? Slide your card into the machine . Then what ? You need to type your PIN in .
Slide your card into the machine . Then what ? You need to type your PIN in . What do I have to do next ?
Hello , thank you for taking the time to interview me . Hi there , I ' m Bill Gotcha , the owner of Gotcha Enterprises . Did you find your way here OK ? Your assistant gave wonderful directions . Why are you switching jobs at this point in your career ?
Hi there , I ' m Bill Gotcha , the owner of Gotcha Enterprises . Did you find your way here OK ? Your assistant gave wonderful directions . Why are you switching jobs at this point in your career ? Our Company is moving overseas and I wish to stay in the United States .
Your assistant gave wonderful directions . Why are you switching jobs at this point in your career ? Our Company is moving overseas and I wish to stay in the United States . What are you best at ?
Why are you switching jobs at this point in your career ? Our Company is moving overseas and I wish to stay in the United States . What are you best at ? I am good at organizing systems that have been having problems .
Our Company is moving overseas and I wish to stay in the United States . What are you best at ? I am good at organizing systems that have been having problems . What is your biggest challenge in terms of skills ?
What are you best at ? I am good at organizing systems that have been having problems . What is your biggest challenge in terms of skills ? I don ' t like to sit around and so like to always find things to do to keep myself busy .
Good morning , can I see your passport , please ? Here you are . For business or pleasure ? Business .
May I come in , Mr Sun ? I ' d rather you didn ' t , Miss Yang . I ' m very busy now . Can I try later then ? Yes , of course .
I ' d rather you didn ' t , Miss Yang . I ' m very busy now . Can I try later then ? Yes , of course . Is it all right for me to come in now , Mr Sun ?
Can I try later then ? Yes , of course . Is it all right for me to come in now , Mr Sun ? Well , uh ... I ' m still pretty busy , but ... all right . Come in . What can I do for you ?
Yes , of course . Is it all right for me to come in now , Mr Sun ? Well , uh ... I ' m still pretty busy , but ... all right . Come in . What can I do for you ? Do you mind if I sit down ?
Is it all right for me to come in now , Mr Sun ? Well , uh ... I ' m still pretty busy , but ... all right . Come in . What can I do for you ? Do you mind if I sit down ? Not at all . Take a seat . Now what can I do for you ?
Well , uh ... I ' m still pretty busy , but ... all right . Come in . What can I do for you ? Do you mind if I sit down ? Not at all . Take a seat . Now what can I do for you ? I want to leave the department . Do you think I could put info a transfer ?
Do you mind if I sit down ? Not at all . Take a seat . Now what can I do for you ? I want to leave the department . Do you think I could put info a transfer ? Yes . But why should you want to do that ?
Not at all . Take a seat . Now what can I do for you ? I want to leave the department . Do you think I could put info a transfer ? Yes . But why should you want to do that ? Do you mind if I speak frankly ?
I want to leave the department . Do you think I could put info a transfer ? Yes . But why should you want to do that ? Do you mind if I speak frankly ? Not at all . Go ahead .
Yes . But why should you want to do that ? Do you mind if I speak frankly ? Not at all . Go ahead . Well . You see , I don ' t like the office . I don ' t like the staff . And I ' m afraid of you . And I don ' t want to go one . So may I put info a transfer ?
So what do you think of my new dress ? I think it ' s great ! I really like the color , and it goes really well with your eyes . I ' Ve actually been eyeing that dress at Maxine ' s for a while now , but I wasn ' t sure I could afford ninety-five dollars for a dress at the moment . Um , ninety-five dollars ? Yes , that ' s the price they were advertising it at . I was hoping it might go on sale soon . Why , how much did you pay for it ?
I think it ' s great ! I really like the color , and it goes really well with your eyes . I ' Ve actually been eyeing that dress at Maxine ' s for a while now , but I wasn ' t sure I could afford ninety-five dollars for a dress at the moment . Um , ninety-five dollars ? Yes , that ' s the price they were advertising it at . I was hoping it might go on sale soon . Why , how much did you pay for it ? I bought it for one hundred and forty-five dollars at Helen ' s Boutique . I didn ' t know I could get it cheaper somewhere else .
Um , ninety-five dollars ? Yes , that ' s the price they were advertising it at . I was hoping it might go on sale soon . Why , how much did you pay for it ? I bought it for one hundred and forty-five dollars at Helen ' s Boutique . I didn ' t know I could get it cheaper somewhere else . Of course ! Everything at Helen ' s is overpriced , and they sell things that you can find at almost every other clothing store ! Why didn ' t you shop around ?
I want to keep a pet , but I don't know which one to buy ? Dogs are nice , but they are really energetic , and you need to make sure they get enough exercise every day . Having a dog would probably be too much work for me , then . What about cats ? They are more independent .
Dogs are nice , but they are really energetic , and you need to make sure they get enough exercise every day . Having a dog would probably be too much work for me , then . What about cats ? They are more independent . Actually , I was thinking of something a little more exotic . I don't want a common pet like a dog or a cat .
Having a dog would probably be too much work for me , then . What about cats ? They are more independent . Actually , I was thinking of something a little more exotic . I don't want a common pet like a dog or a cat . How about a lizard ? Are lizards more along the lines of what you were thinking of getting ?
What about cats ? They are more independent . Actually , I was thinking of something a little more exotic . I don't want a common pet like a dog or a cat . How about a lizard ? Are lizards more along the lines of what you were thinking of getting ? Yeah , are they easy to look after ?
How much is it to rent an economy car ? $ 19 a day or $ 129 a week , unlimited mileage . Could I have one for tomorrow morning ? Could I see your driver's license ?
$ 19 a day or $ 129 a week , unlimited mileage . Could I have one for tomorrow morning ? Could I see your driver's license ? Sure here it is .
Good afternoon . Can I help you ? I'd like to leave this bag with you . OK , sir . Is there anything valuable or breakable in it ? Well ... there is a necklace in it .
I'd like to leave this bag with you . OK , sir . Is there anything valuable or breakable in it ? Well ... there is a necklace in it . Would you mind taking the necklace with you , or leaving it at the safe deposit box ?
OK , sir . Is there anything valuable or breakable in it ? Well ... there is a necklace in it . Would you mind taking the necklace with you , or leaving it at the safe deposit box ? Well , don't bother . I'll take it with me . Will that be all right ?
Well ... there is a necklace in it . Would you mind taking the necklace with you , or leaving it at the safe deposit box ? Well , don't bother . I'll take it with me . Will that be all right ? Thank you , sir . Here is your tag . This cloakroom is open till 11:00 p . m . , could you pick it up by then ?
Hello , this is Dunlin . May I speak to Mrs Smith ? This is Mrs Smith . Can I help you ? I am calling to say thank you for the interview yesterday . You are welcome . I am very impressed by your capability .
This is Mrs Smith . Can I help you ? I am calling to say thank you for the interview yesterday . You are welcome . I am very impressed by your capability . Is there anything I should do ?
I am calling to say thank you for the interview yesterday . You are welcome . I am very impressed by your capability . Is there anything I should do ? No , nothing . It's thoughtful of you to call me again .
You are welcome . I am very impressed by your capability . Is there anything I should do ? No , nothing . It's thoughtful of you to call me again . Thank you . Please call me at any time if you have any questions .
Is there anything I should do ? No , nothing . It's thoughtful of you to call me again . Thank you . Please call me at any time if you have any questions . Ok , I will . Do you have any question ?
No , nothing . It's thoughtful of you to call me again . Thank you . Please call me at any time if you have any questions . Ok , I will . Do you have any question ? No , thank you . Goodbye .
Mom , what are we going to make tonight ? Curry and rice . What do you think ? That sounds nice . I can peel the potatoes first . Really ! Oh , honey , you are so sweet . I'll chop up this carrot .
Curry and rice . What do you think ? That sounds nice . I can peel the potatoes first . Really ! Oh , honey , you are so sweet . I'll chop up this carrot . Mom , the water is boiling !
Hi , Jeny . Are still working ? Hi , Nacy . Come in please . I'm just putting away on my books . So , you are leaving , aren't you ? yes , I'm going to take a holiday tomorrow .
Hi , Nacy . Come in please . I'm just putting away on my books . So , you are leaving , aren't you ? yes , I'm going to take a holiday tomorrow . How nice ! I can see you are busying packing . I'm sorry to interrupt you .
So , you are leaving , aren't you ? yes , I'm going to take a holiday tomorrow . How nice ! I can see you are busying packing . I'm sorry to interrupt you . That's all right . I'm almost finished . Do you need my help ?
yes , I'm going to take a holiday tomorrow . How nice ! I can see you are busying packing . I'm sorry to interrupt you . That's all right . I'm almost finished . Do you need my help ? Yes , could you please go over this for me ? and see if there is any mistake in it ?
How nice ! I can see you are busying packing . I'm sorry to interrupt you . That's all right . I'm almost finished . Do you need my help ? Yes , could you please go over this for me ? and see if there is any mistake in it ? Oh . all right I'll read it soon .
That's all right . I'm almost finished . Do you need my help ? Yes , could you please go over this for me ? and see if there is any mistake in it ? Oh . all right I'll read it soon . Excuse me for taking your time .
I've been so tired recently . I've been trying , but I don't think I'm up to this job . You need to take a break , maybe a vacation . Oh , yes , indeed . I've run out of steam . To be honest , I want to be in a different environment . Is that so ?
You need to take a break , maybe a vacation . Oh , yes , indeed . I've run out of steam . To be honest , I want to be in a different environment . Is that so ? Yes , I don't want to be stuck in a rut . I want to move on .
Oh , yes , indeed . I've run out of steam . To be honest , I want to be in a different environment . Is that so ? Yes , I don't want to be stuck in a rut . I want to move on . Have you decided ?
Is that so ? Yes , I don't want to be stuck in a rut . I want to move on . Have you decided ? Yes . I want to get a better job .
Yes , I don't want to be stuck in a rut . I want to move on . Have you decided ? Yes . I want to get a better job . Could you tell me why you want to quit ?
Have you decided ? Yes . I want to get a better job . Could you tell me why you want to quit ? I quit just because of the dissatisfying salary and the trouble in getting along with my colleagues .
Yes . I want to get a better job . Could you tell me why you want to quit ? I quit just because of the dissatisfying salary and the trouble in getting along with my colleagues . Oh , that's terrible . Do you want to get a higher salary in our company ?
Could you tell me why you want to quit ? I quit just because of the dissatisfying salary and the trouble in getting along with my colleagues . Oh , that's terrible . Do you want to get a higher salary in our company ? I'm afraid not . I've promised my girlfriend . We'll travel southwards to find a job that offers higher pay .
I quit just because of the dissatisfying salary and the trouble in getting along with my colleagues . Oh , that's terrible . Do you want to get a higher salary in our company ? I'm afraid not . I've promised my girlfriend . We'll travel southwards to find a job that offers higher pay . OK , I'd like to say that I've really enjoyed working with you . However , I think you should work harder for your new job and then you can ask for higher pay .
Oh , that's terrible . Do you want to get a higher salary in our company ? I'm afraid not . I've promised my girlfriend . We'll travel southwards to find a job that offers higher pay . OK , I'd like to say that I've really enjoyed working with you . However , I think you should work harder for your new job and then you can ask for higher pay . Thank you so much for your advice .
I'm afraid not . I've promised my girlfriend . We'll travel southwards to find a job that offers higher pay . OK , I'd like to say that I've really enjoyed working with you . However , I think you should work harder for your new job and then you can ask for higher pay . Thank you so much for your advice . And every best wish for your new job .
Good morning . Can I see Mr Jackson , please ? Well . Have you got his permission ? Yes . We have an appointment at eight o ' clock . What ' s your name , please ?
Hello , may I speak to you for a few minutes ? About what ? I want to speak to you about this year ' s election . Oh , really ?
About what ? I want to speak to you about this year ' s election . Oh , really ? Yes , I am a volunteer for the campaign .
I want to speak to you about this year ' s election . Oh , really ? Yes , I am a volunteer for the campaign . I am very impressed .
Oh , really ? Yes , I am a volunteer for the campaign . I am very impressed . I feel that history is about to be made , and I want to be a part of it .
Yes , I am a volunteer for the campaign . I am very impressed . I feel that history is about to be made , and I want to be a part of it . That is very nice of you .
I am very impressed . I feel that history is about to be made , and I want to be a part of it . That is very nice of you . Will you be voting ?
I feel that history is about to be made , and I want to be a part of it . That is very nice of you . Will you be voting ? Yes , I am going to vote .
That is very nice of you . Will you be voting ? Yes , I am going to vote . Make sure you make it to your polling place early on Election Day .
Hello , sir . I'm ready for you . Is it my turn ? Yes , please sit on the chair . How do you want to have your hair cut ? Not too long . Cut a little off behind and on both sides , too .
Hi ! Do you want a fill-up ? Yes , please . Which type of gas do you want ? Regular , Super , or Premium Unleaded ? What's the price difference ?
Yes , please . Which type of gas do you want ? Regular , Super , or Premium Unleaded ? What's the price difference ? Regular is $ 1 . 15 , Super is $ 1 . 25 and Premium is $ 1 . 39 .
Which type of gas do you want ? Regular , Super , or Premium Unleaded ? What's the price difference ? Regular is $ 1 . 15 , Super is $ 1 . 25 and Premium is $ 1 . 39 . Just fill it up with Regular , Unleaded , please .
What's the price difference ? Regular is $ 1 . 15 , Super is $ 1 . 25 and Premium is $ 1 . 39 . Just fill it up with Regular , Unleaded , please . Do you want me to check the tires and the fluids ?
Hi , can I speak with the apartment manager , please ? Hello , this is the apartment manager speaking . I'm calling about the apartment for rent on Main Street . Would you be interested in seeing the apartment ?
Hello , this is the apartment manager speaking . I'm calling about the apartment for rent on Main Street . Would you be interested in seeing the apartment ? I would love to see it .
I'm calling about the apartment for rent on Main Street . Would you be interested in seeing the apartment ? I would love to see it . Are you free today at around 6 p . m . ?
Would you be interested in seeing the apartment ? I would love to see it . Are you free today at around 6 p . m . ? Yes , I will be able to make it then .
I would love to see it . Are you free today at around 6 p . m . ? Yes , I will be able to make it then . Well , I'll see you at 6 p . m . Do you know how to get there ?
Are you free today at around 6 p . m . ? Yes , I will be able to make it then . Well , I'll see you at 6 p . m . Do you know how to get there ? I used to live in that area .
Yes , I will be able to make it then . Well , I'll see you at 6 p . m . Do you know how to get there ? I used to live in that area . I'll give you an application form when I see you .
Well , I'll see you at 6 p . m . Do you know how to get there ? I used to live in that area . I'll give you an application form when I see you . That sounds good . Do I need to bring anything ?
Are you a goal-oriented person ? Yes , I am . I always make a plan before I do anything . Where do you want to be in 5 years ? I don't want to have a specific title . I just want to enjoy what I am doing .
Yes , I am . I always make a plan before I do anything . Where do you want to be in 5 years ? I don't want to have a specific title . I just want to enjoy what I am doing . That sounds very reasonable .
Where do you want to be in 5 years ? I don't want to have a specific title . I just want to enjoy what I am doing . That sounds very reasonable . It's the most important thing to me .
I don't want to have a specific title . I just want to enjoy what I am doing . That sounds very reasonable . It's the most important thing to me . If you are hired , how long do you plan to stay with us ?
That sounds very reasonable . It's the most important thing to me . If you are hired , how long do you plan to stay with us ? That obviously depends on how things go - - whether I'm suited to the firm and the firm to me .
It's the most important thing to me . If you are hired , how long do you plan to stay with us ? That obviously depends on how things go - - whether I'm suited to the firm and the firm to me . Tell me about some of your recent goals and what you do to achieve them .
If you are hired , how long do you plan to stay with us ? That obviously depends on how things go - - whether I'm suited to the firm and the firm to me . Tell me about some of your recent goals and what you do to achieve them . I want to put my knowledge and experience to use in a challenging position . In order to achieve this goal , I just want to work step by step .
That obviously depends on how things go - - whether I'm suited to the firm and the firm to me . Tell me about some of your recent goals and what you do to achieve them . I want to put my knowledge and experience to use in a challenging position . In order to achieve this goal , I just want to work step by step . What is your long-range objective ?
Tell me about some of your recent goals and what you do to achieve them . I want to put my knowledge and experience to use in a challenging position . In order to achieve this goal , I just want to work step by step . What is your long-range objective ? I haven't thought it over at all .
I want to put my knowledge and experience to use in a challenging position . In order to achieve this goal , I just want to work step by step . What is your long-range objective ? I haven't thought it over at all . What do you think is the most important thing when looking for a job ?
Hello , how can I be of service ? Hello . I'm not sure who I need to speak to . I got this 50 yuan note today and it seems a little odd to me . The first thing we do is check the feel of the paper ;d oes it feel too thick or too thin ? Then we check the watermark . In my opinion it is counterfeit . I'll just run it through the scanner to double check . What happens now ?
Ah , ah , ah ... All right , Bill . Here ' s your daily exercise schedule . You are to jog before breakfast . Jog ? Then , you are to walk to work .
All right , Bill . Here ' s your daily exercise schedule . You are to jog before breakfast . Jog ? Then , you are to walk to work . Walk ?
Jog ? Then , you are to walk to work . Walk ? Thirty minutes in gym at lunch time .
Then , you are to walk to work . Walk ? Thirty minutes in gym at lunch time . Oh no .
Walk ? Thirty minutes in gym at lunch time . Oh no . Use the stairs , never the elevator .
Thirty minutes in gym at lunch time . Oh no . Use the stairs , never the elevator . Oh , dear .
Oh no . Use the stairs , never the elevator . Oh , dear . And three times a week , you can either swim , play racketball , or hand ball .
Use the stairs , never the elevator . Oh , dear . And three times a week , you can either swim , play racketball , or hand ball . Oh no .
Oh , dear . And three times a week , you can either swim , play racketball , or hand ball . Oh no . OK , you can stop now . It ' s time for the dance class .
And three times a week , you can either swim , play racketball , or hand ball . Oh no . OK , you can stop now . It ' s time for the dance class . Dance class ! I don't know how .
Oh no . OK , you can stop now . It ' s time for the dance class . Dance class ! I don't know how . You will .
Excuse me . When's the next bus ? The next bus will be here in four minutes . Oh , good . That'll be the number forty four ? No , it's the number fifty-eight .
The next bus will be here in four minutes . Oh , good . That'll be the number forty four ? No , it's the number fifty-eight . So when's the next forty-four ? Will it be here soon ?
Oh , good . That'll be the number forty four ? No , it's the number fifty-eight . So when's the next forty-four ? Will it be here soon ? No , it won't .
No , it's the number fifty-eight . So when's the next forty-four ? Will it be here soon ? No , it won't . So when will it be here then ?
So when's the next forty-four ? Will it be here soon ? No , it won't . So when will it be here then ? Never .
No , it won't . So when will it be here then ? Never . Never ?
I would like to buy some local handcrafts as gifts to my friends and relatives . There are many stores selling handcrafts in Paris . Our store is wellknown for vase , table wear and jewelry boxes . You can take your time and choose whatever you like . Well , the tapestry is delicate and beautiful . You have made an excellent choice , it is our newcomer . The tapestry is on hot sell with the design and quality . The design on it is traditional Paris architecture .
There are many stores selling handcrafts in Paris . Our store is wellknown for vase , table wear and jewelry boxes . You can take your time and choose whatever you like . Well , the tapestry is delicate and beautiful . You have made an excellent choice , it is our newcomer . The tapestry is on hot sell with the design and quality . The design on it is traditional Paris architecture . How much is it ?
Well , the tapestry is delicate and beautiful . You have made an excellent choice , it is our newcomer . The tapestry is on hot sell with the design and quality . The design on it is traditional Paris architecture . How much is it ? 100 frances .
You have made an excellent choice , it is our newcomer . The tapestry is on hot sell with the design and quality . The design on it is traditional Paris architecture . How much is it ? 100 frances . Mmm , it is reasonable . Look at this set of table wear , it is so beautiful !
How much is it ? 100 frances . Mmm , it is reasonable . Look at this set of table wear , it is so beautiful ! We have a piece of table clothing to go with it . It is a brocade one with pretty stars .
100 frances . Mmm , it is reasonable . Look at this set of table wear , it is so beautiful ! We have a piece of table clothing to go with it . It is a brocade one with pretty stars . This silver vase is a good ornament for the living room .
Mmm , it is reasonable . Look at this set of table wear , it is so beautiful ! We have a piece of table clothing to go with it . It is a brocade one with pretty stars . This silver vase is a good ornament for the living room . You are right .
We have a piece of table clothing to go with it . It is a brocade one with pretty stars . This silver vase is a good ornament for the living room . You are right . I will take the tapestry , the set of table wear and the vase .
This silver vase is a good ornament for the living room . You are right . I will take the tapestry , the set of table wear and the vase . OK . Do you like these candles ? They are on sale now .
I hope you can help . I've got a bit of a problem with your ATM . Of course , that's my job . Oh , dear . What's happened ? Well , it's eaten my card ! It won't give it back ! I see ... calm down , don't worry . May I ask what were you doing when it took your card ?
Of course , that's my job . Oh , dear . What's happened ? Well , it's eaten my card ! It won't give it back ! I see ... calm down , don't worry . May I ask what were you doing when it took your card ? Yes . I was only entering my PIN . I'm terrible at remembering it , I'm so forgetful , you see .
Well , it's eaten my card ! It won't give it back ! I see ... calm down , don't worry . May I ask what were you doing when it took your card ? Yes . I was only entering my PIN . I'm terrible at remembering it , I'm so forgetful , you see . Mmmm ... and exactly how many times did you enter it , please ?
I see ... calm down , don't worry . May I ask what were you doing when it took your card ? Yes . I was only entering my PIN . I'm terrible at remembering it , I'm so forgetful , you see . Mmmm ... and exactly how many times did you enter it , please ? Maybe three times . As I said , I always forget it .
Yes . I was only entering my PIN . I'm terrible at remembering it , I'm so forgetful , you see . Mmmm ... and exactly how many times did you enter it , please ? Maybe three times . As I said , I always forget it . Ah ! Don't worry ; it's just a security measure . If someone uses a card and cannot get the right PIN after three attempts , the bank keeps the card in case it's stolen . Just contact the bank and we'll get it back to you .
Mmmm ... and exactly how many times did you enter it , please ? Maybe three times . As I said , I always forget it . Ah ! Don't worry ; it's just a security measure . If someone uses a card and cannot get the right PIN after three attempts , the bank keeps the card in case it's stolen . Just contact the bank and we'll get it back to you . Oh , I see . So if I call my branch they can sort everything out for me ?
Maybe three times . As I said , I always forget it . Ah ! Don't worry ; it's just a security measure . If someone uses a card and cannot get the right PIN after three attempts , the bank keeps the card in case it's stolen . Just contact the bank and we'll get it back to you . Oh , I see . So if I call my branch they can sort everything out for me ? Yes , they'll be happy to help . Believe me , it happens to many people .
Hey , Jim , you're 15 minutes late . What's up ? I got stuck in a traffic jam . Hurry up , the show is about to start . It looks like you're very interested in the circus .
I got stuck in a traffic jam . Hurry up , the show is about to start . It looks like you're very interested in the circus . Yes , I love to see the animal show .
Hurry up , the show is about to start . It looks like you're very interested in the circus . Yes , I love to see the animal show . I have never seen those before , but since you're so excited it should be good .
It looks like you're very interested in the circus . Yes , I love to see the animal show . I have never seen those before , but since you're so excited it should be good . I'm sure you'll love it .
Is the factory fully-automated ? Not completely . Our production process is partially-automated . We use robots on the production line for routine assembly jobs but some of the work is still done manually . What about supply of parts to the production line ? Well , the parts are automatically selected from the store room using a bar-code system . And there is an automatic feeder which takes them to the conveyor belt at the start of the production line .
Not completely . Our production process is partially-automated . We use robots on the production line for routine assembly jobs but some of the work is still done manually . What about supply of parts to the production line ? Well , the parts are automatically selected from the store room using a bar-code system . And there is an automatic feeder which takes them to the conveyor belt at the start of the production line . What about the smaller components ?
How much does it cost for a bus pass ? It'll be $ 65 for a monthly pass . Is there anything cheaper than that ? If you're in school , you can get a student pass .
It'll be $ 65 for a monthly pass . Is there anything cheaper than that ? If you're in school , you can get a student pass . Well , I am how much will that cost ?
Is there anything cheaper than that ? If you're in school , you can get a student pass . Well , I am how much will that cost ? The pass is free .
If you're in school , you can get a student pass . Well , I am how much will that cost ? The pass is free . I don't have to pay for anything ?
Well , I am how much will that cost ? The pass is free . I don't have to pay for anything ? You'll only have to pay for the monthly sticker .
The pass is free . I don't have to pay for anything ? You'll only have to pay for the monthly sticker . How much is the monthly sticker ?
I don't have to pay for anything ? You'll only have to pay for the monthly sticker . How much is the monthly sticker ? It's $ 24 for each month .
You'll only have to pay for the monthly sticker . How much is the monthly sticker ? It's $ 24 for each month . I'll take the student bus pass .
How come it is slow as a snail today ? You mean the network connection ? Yes , I wanted to look for some information on the company page just now . It took me almost one minute to open it . Then there is no response for any click . I have the same question . I can ' t send out mails . We ' d better call the IT department and ask them to check it immediately .
OK , let's find somebody then . Good . I'll take care of it . Wait a second , Vince . You know what ? Why don't you let me handle it ? Are you sure ? Do you have somebody in mind ?
Good . I'll take care of it . Wait a second , Vince . You know what ? Why don't you let me handle it ? Are you sure ? Do you have somebody in mind ? Yeah . Let me see if he'll do it , and I'll get back to you .
Wait a second , Vince . You know what ? Why don't you let me handle it ? Are you sure ? Do you have somebody in mind ? Yeah . Let me see if he'll do it , and I'll get back to you . OK . Just keep in mind it has to be somebody who can get along with Elvin .
Are you planning on voting ? Yes . Are you ? I will be voting tomorrow . What ' s your polling place ?
Yes . Are you ? I will be voting tomorrow . What ' s your polling place ? My polling place is at the park up the street .
I will be voting tomorrow . What ' s your polling place ? My polling place is at the park up the street . Oh , yeah ?
What ' s your polling place ? My polling place is at the park up the street . Oh , yeah ? Yeah , where is yours ?
My polling place is at the park up the street . Oh , yeah ? Yeah , where is yours ? I don ' t know .
Oh , yeah ? Yeah , where is yours ? I don ' t know . How is it you don ' t know ?
Yeah , where is yours ? I don ' t know . How is it you don ' t know ? The location of my polling place never came in the mail .
I don ' t know . How is it you don ' t know ? The location of my polling place never came in the mail . You can always just check online .
I have a reservation for a single with bath . We are sorry , but single rooms have been occupied . What's the room rate ? It is a little expensive for me , do you have any other rooms ? Then how about this room , with just shower ?
We are sorry , but single rooms have been occupied . What's the room rate ? It is a little expensive for me , do you have any other rooms ? Then how about this room , with just shower ? May I see the room ? I ' ll take this room . Is the rate for the room only ?
I'm broke , and I have to catch another bus . Why don't you have any money for another bus ? I got hungry and bought some chips . That was smart .
Why don't you have any money for another bus ? I got hungry and bought some chips . That was smart . Anyway , do you have any change I can use for the bus ?
I got hungry and bought some chips . That was smart . Anyway , do you have any change I can use for the bus ? I don't have any .
That was smart . Anyway , do you have any change I can use for the bus ? I don't have any . I don't know how I'm going to get home .
Anyway , do you have any change I can use for the bus ? I don't have any . I don't know how I'm going to get home . Get a transfer from the bus driver .
I don't have any . I don't know how I'm going to get home . Get a transfer from the bus driver . How much is a transfer ?
I don't know how I'm going to get home . Get a transfer from the bus driver . How much is a transfer ? It doesn't cost anything .
Get a transfer from the bus driver . How much is a transfer ? It doesn't cost anything . That's great ! Thanks for your help .
Are you going home now ? No , I'm not . What are you going to do ? Are you going to work late ? No , I'm not . I'm going to look for an apartment .
No , I'm not . What are you going to do ? Are you going to work late ? No , I'm not . I'm going to look for an apartment . An apartment ? Why ?
What are you going to do ? Are you going to work late ? No , I'm not . I'm going to look for an apartment . An apartment ? Why ? I'm going to try to find a place near the office .
No , I'm not . I'm going to look for an apartment . An apartment ? Why ? I'm going to try to find a place near the office . Where are you living now ?
An apartment ? Why ? I'm going to try to find a place near the office . Where are you living now ? Out in the suburbs . It's a long trip to work every day .
I'm going to try to find a place near the office . Where are you living now ? Out in the suburbs . It's a long trip to work every day . How are you going to find an apartment ?
Where are you living now ? Out in the suburbs . It's a long trip to work every day . How are you going to find an apartment ? I'm going to buy a newspaper and check the classified ads .
Out in the suburbs . It's a long trip to work every day . How are you going to find an apartment ? I'm going to buy a newspaper and check the classified ads . Apartments in the city are expensive .
Excuse me , can I have an earphone please ? Sure , but you have to pay $ 3 for it . OK . Here you are . Well , ou can't hear music until takeoff .
Good afternoon . This is Michelle Li speaking , calling on behalf of IBA . Is Mr Meng available at all ? This is Mr Meng speaking , Michelle . Oh , hello ! Sorry about that . I'm just calling to say that we've received your new Corporate Credit Card from HQ . That was quick ! I wasn't expecting it until later this week .
This is Mr Meng speaking , Michelle . Oh , hello ! Sorry about that . I'm just calling to say that we've received your new Corporate Credit Card from HQ . That was quick ! I wasn't expecting it until later this week . Yes , our application procedures have speeded up since we started using the new fast-track system .
Oh , hello ! Sorry about that . I'm just calling to say that we've received your new Corporate Credit Card from HQ . That was quick ! I wasn't expecting it until later this week . Yes , our application procedures have speeded up since we started using the new fast-track system . Shall I come in and collect it ?
That was quick ! I wasn't expecting it until later this week . Yes , our application procedures have speeded up since we started using the new fast-track system . Shall I come in and collect it ? Or we can send it to you . But if you would like to use it at the ATM , you'll need to wait for your PIN number .
Yes , our application procedures have speeded up since we started using the new fast-track system . Shall I come in and collect it ? Or we can send it to you . But if you would like to use it at the ATM , you'll need to wait for your PIN number . Mmmm ... if I come in and collect it this afternoon , is there any way I could use it today ? Petty cash is getting low , so I need to draw some money .
Shall I come in and collect it ? Or we can send it to you . But if you would like to use it at the ATM , you'll need to wait for your PIN number . Mmmm ... if I come in and collect it this afternoon , is there any way I could use it today ? Petty cash is getting low , so I need to draw some money . As long as you bring your ID , etc , we can serve you over the counter . But you won't be able to use the ATM until your new PIN number arrives .
I ' Ve come to hear about your offer for bristles . We have the offer ready for you . Let me see ... here it is . 100 cases Houston Bristles , 57 mm , at 10 pounds sterling per kilogram , C . I . F European Main Ports , for shipment in June 2001 . The offer is valid for five days . Why , your price has soared . It ' s almost 25 % higher than last year ' s . It would be impossible for us to push any sales at such a price . I ' m a little surprised to hear you say that . You know very well that markets for bristles have gone up a great deal in recent months . The price we offer compares favorably with quotations you can get elsewhere .
We have the offer ready for you . Let me see ... here it is . 100 cases Houston Bristles , 57 mm , at 10 pounds sterling per kilogram , C . I . F European Main Ports , for shipment in June 2001 . The offer is valid for five days . Why , your price has soared . It ' s almost 25 % higher than last year ' s . It would be impossible for us to push any sales at such a price . I ' m a little surprised to hear you say that . You know very well that markets for bristles have gone up a great deal in recent months . The price we offer compares favorably with quotations you can get elsewhere . I ' m afraid I can ' t agree with you there . I must point out your price is higher than some of the quotations we ' Ve received from other sources .
Why , your price has soared . It ' s almost 25 % higher than last year ' s . It would be impossible for us to push any sales at such a price . I ' m a little surprised to hear you say that . You know very well that markets for bristles have gone up a great deal in recent months . The price we offer compares favorably with quotations you can get elsewhere . I ' m afraid I can ' t agree with you there . I must point out your price is higher than some of the quotations we ' Ve received from other sources . But you must take the quality into consideration . Everyone in the trade knows that US ' s bristles are of superior quality to those from other countries .
I ' m a little surprised to hear you say that . You know very well that markets for bristles have gone up a great deal in recent months . The price we offer compares favorably with quotations you can get elsewhere . I ' m afraid I can ' t agree with you there . I must point out your price is higher than some of the quotations we ' Ve received from other sources . But you must take the quality into consideration . Everyone in the trade knows that US ' s bristles are of superior quality to those from other countries . I agree that yours are of better quality . But there ' s competition from synthetic products , too . You can ' t very well ignore that . Prices for synthetic bristles haven ' t changed much over the years .
I ' m afraid I can ' t agree with you there . I must point out your price is higher than some of the quotations we ' Ve received from other sources . But you must take the quality into consideration . Everyone in the trade knows that US ' s bristles are of superior quality to those from other countries . I agree that yours are of better quality . But there ' s competition from synthetic products , too . You can ' t very well ignore that . Prices for synthetic bristles haven ' t changed much over the years . There ' s practically no substitute for bristles for certain uses . That ' s why demand for natural bristles keeps rising in spite of cheaper synthetic ones . To be frank with you , if it were not for the long - standing relationship between us , we would hardly be willing to make you a firm offer at this price .
It was nice talking to you . Why are you trying to rush me off the phone ? I really have to go . Why ? I still wanted to talk to you .
Why are you trying to rush me off the phone ? I really have to go . Why ? I still wanted to talk to you . I have things to do .
I really have to go . Why ? I still wanted to talk to you . I have things to do . Like what ?
Why ? I still wanted to talk to you . I have things to do . Like what ? Don't be nosey .
I have things to do . Like what ? Don't be nosey . I'm not . I just want to know .
Like what ? Don't be nosey . I'm not . I just want to know . Well , it's really none of your business .
Don't be nosey . I'm not . I just want to know . Well , it's really none of your business . That's harsh .
I'm not . I just want to know . Well , it's really none of your business . That's harsh . I'm sorry , but I have to go .
Good afternoon . My goodness ! It ' s the afternoon ? Doesn ' t the time fly ! Do come in and sit down . Thank you . What ' s the time ? My watch has stopped .
My goodness ! It ' s the afternoon ? Doesn ' t the time fly ! Do come in and sit down . Thank you . What ' s the time ? My watch has stopped . It ' s half past twelve .
Thank you . What ' s the time ? My watch has stopped . It ' s half past twelve . When do you have lunch ?
What ' s the time ? My watch has stopped . It ' s half past twelve . When do you have lunch ? From one to two .
It ' s half past twelve . When do you have lunch ? From one to two . What do you normally eat ?
When do you have lunch ? From one to two . What do you normally eat ? We usually go to the cafeteria .
From one to two . What do you normally eat ? We usually go to the cafeteria . Oh , it ' s time to have lunch now .
I am sorry , but I cannot stay for the rest of class today . Why do you need to leave early ? I don ' t feel so good . What doesn ' t feel right ?
Why do you need to leave early ? I don ' t feel so good . What doesn ' t feel right ? I feel as if I am going to be sick to my stomach .
I don ' t feel so good . What doesn ' t feel right ? I feel as if I am going to be sick to my stomach . Perhaps you should get checked out at the Student Health Center before you go home .
What doesn ' t feel right ? I feel as if I am going to be sick to my stomach . Perhaps you should get checked out at the Student Health Center before you go home . I have some medicine at home that I could take .
I feel as if I am going to be sick to my stomach . Perhaps you should get checked out at the Student Health Center before you go home . I have some medicine at home that I could take . Are you going to be OK to drive home , or would you like someone to go with you ?
Perhaps you should get checked out at the Student Health Center before you go home . I have some medicine at home that I could take . Are you going to be OK to drive home , or would you like someone to go with you ? Thank you , but my friend is in the library , and he can give me a ride home .
I would like to take a trip to the beach this weekend . A trip to the beach would be fun . How is the weather going to be ? The forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend . So do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach ?
A trip to the beach would be fun . How is the weather going to be ? The forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend . So do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach ? It sounds like it will be .
The forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend . So do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach ? It sounds like it will be . I really hope it doesn't get cold .
So do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach ? It sounds like it will be . I really hope it doesn't get cold . That would ruin things , I want to go so badly .
It sounds like it will be . I really hope it doesn't get cold . That would ruin things , I want to go so badly . The weather in California is unpredictable , so you never know .
I really hope it doesn't get cold . That would ruin things , I want to go so badly . The weather in California is unpredictable , so you never know . That is true . The weather is constantly changing .
That would ruin things , I want to go so badly . The weather in California is unpredictable , so you never know . That is true . The weather is constantly changing . It would be nice if the weather would never change .
The weather in California is unpredictable , so you never know . That is true . The weather is constantly changing . It would be nice if the weather would never change . That would be great , then we could plan things sooner .
Do you believe in god ? Not at all . I ' m an agnostic . do you ? I ' m not sure . Why don ' t you believe there is a god ? I think everything has a scientific explanation rather than a theological one .
Not at all . I ' m an agnostic . do you ? I ' m not sure . Why don ' t you believe there is a god ? I think everything has a scientific explanation rather than a theological one . I basically believe in science over theology . I mean , I believe in evolution for example . However , there are many things that science hasn ' t explained yet .
I ' m not sure . Why don ' t you believe there is a god ? I think everything has a scientific explanation rather than a theological one . I basically believe in science over theology . I mean , I believe in evolution for example . However , there are many things that science hasn ' t explained yet . I ' m sure that science will explain everything eventually . I think that the strangest thing about religion is that so many religions people act in ways that their religion claims are wrong .
I think everything has a scientific explanation rather than a theological one . I basically believe in science over theology . I mean , I believe in evolution for example . However , there are many things that science hasn ' t explained yet . I ' m sure that science will explain everything eventually . I think that the strangest thing about religion is that so many religions people act in ways that their religion claims are wrong . For example ?
I basically believe in science over theology . I mean , I believe in evolution for example . However , there are many things that science hasn ' t explained yet . I ' m sure that science will explain everything eventually . I think that the strangest thing about religion is that so many religions people act in ways that their religion claims are wrong . For example ? Religions preach tolerance , but many wars are caused by intolerant religious fanatics .
Welcome to IBA . Can I help you ? Yes , please . I'm here for an International Settlement . Our company has to effect payment , and it needs to be done today . Here's the advice slip for the payment . Thanks . I'm sorry to say that you need to get this stamped . There is no stamp on this slip and it is essential before I can process it for you . I see . So , I need to stamp it . And sign it too ?
Yes , please . I'm here for an International Settlement . Our company has to effect payment , and it needs to be done today . Here's the advice slip for the payment . Thanks . I'm sorry to say that you need to get this stamped . There is no stamp on this slip and it is essential before I can process it for you . I see . So , I need to stamp it . And sign it too ? Yes , that's right . Down here , at the bottom right hand corner to show that you agree to pay the printed amount .
I'm in 507 . I have a few problems with my room . What is that problem , sir ? There are cockroaches in my room . Are you sure , sir ? Flies I could believe , but cockroaches ?
What is that problem , sir ? There are cockroaches in my room . Are you sure , sir ? Flies I could believe , but cockroaches ? I've counted nine different cockroaches , and I accidentally stepped on another one .
There are cockroaches in my room . Are you sure , sir ? Flies I could believe , but cockroaches ? I've counted nine different cockroaches , and I accidentally stepped on another one . Sir , we run a spotless and cockroach-less hotel .
Are you sure , sir ? Flies I could believe , but cockroaches ? I've counted nine different cockroaches , and I accidentally stepped on another one . Sir , we run a spotless and cockroach-less hotel . You dare to doubt me ?
Daddy , are you going to the park with us this weekend ? Honey , I have a lot of work to do . So you can't go with us , right ? No .
Honey , I have a lot of work to do . So you can't go with us , right ? No . Daddy , you always arrange your schedule so tight on weekdays . You should have a rest on weekends .
So you can't go with us , right ? No . Daddy , you always arrange your schedule so tight on weekdays . You should have a rest on weekends . What park do you want to go to ?
No . Daddy , you always arrange your schedule so tight on weekdays . You should have a rest on weekends . What park do you want to go to ? Daniel wants to go to the aquarium . While Mom wants to visit the Summer Palace .
Daddy , you always arrange your schedule so tight on weekdays . You should have a rest on weekends . What park do you want to go to ? Daniel wants to go to the aquarium . While Mom wants to visit the Summer Palace . Haven't we been these places already ?
What park do you want to go to ? Daniel wants to go to the aquarium . While Mom wants to visit the Summer Palace . Haven't we been these places already ? Yeah . I don't agree with them , but I don't have a better choice .
Daniel wants to go to the aquarium . While Mom wants to visit the Summer Palace . Haven't we been these places already ? Yeah . I don't agree with them , but I don't have a better choice . What about the Olympic park ?
Haven't we been these places already ? Yeah . I don't agree with them , but I don't have a better choice . What about the Olympic park ? Right , ah . It is so close to our home . How come we've never thought of that ?
Yeah . I don't agree with them , but I don't have a better choice . What about the Olympic park ? Right , ah . It is so close to our home . How come we've never thought of that ? The Olympic Park has a small forest . It is fit for picnic .
Excuse me . Can I open a postal savings account in your office ? Of course . What kind of postal savings account do you want to open ? Hum .. Can you recommend me one with high interest ? OK . We offer a few different kinds of postal saving services . They have different interest rates .
Of course . What kind of postal savings account do you want to open ? Hum .. Can you recommend me one with high interest ? OK . We offer a few different kinds of postal saving services . They have different interest rates . I want the one with the highest interest rate .
Hum .. Can you recommend me one with high interest ? OK . We offer a few different kinds of postal saving services . They have different interest rates . I want the one with the highest interest rate . That would be our Savers Plus account . You must pay 10 000 yuan into your deposit account . In this way you can get 5 % dividend at the end of the year .
OK . We offer a few different kinds of postal saving services . They have different interest rates . I want the one with the highest interest rate . That would be our Savers Plus account . You must pay 10 000 yuan into your deposit account . In this way you can get 5 % dividend at the end of the year . All right . I'II open this one .
I want the one with the highest interest rate . That would be our Savers Plus account . You must pay 10 000 yuan into your deposit account . In this way you can get 5 % dividend at the end of the year . All right . I'II open this one . Just fill out these forms , and I ' ll be with you in one second .
Thank you for organizing this great baby shower for me ! I ' Ve always been to baby showers but never actually had one held for me ! Let ' s get started ! Ok , let ' s start opening some presents ! Oh look ! What a great little bib for the baby ! This will definitely come in handy ! Oh wow , you also got me a stroller ! That ' s so great ! Thank you ! This next one is from Betty .
Ok , let ' s start opening some presents ! Oh look ! What a great little bib for the baby ! This will definitely come in handy ! Oh wow , you also got me a stroller ! That ' s so great ! Thank you ! This next one is from Betty . A highchair and car seat ! Wow Betty , thank you so much ! I really appreciate it !
Oh look ! What a great little bib for the baby ! This will definitely come in handy ! Oh wow , you also got me a stroller ! That ' s so great ! Thank you ! This next one is from Betty . A highchair and car seat ! Wow Betty , thank you so much ! I really appreciate it ! One more from Carla .
This next one is from Betty . A highchair and car seat ! Wow Betty , thank you so much ! I really appreciate it ! One more from Carla . A playpen and crib ! Thanks Carla ! This is just what I needed !
A highchair and car seat ! Wow Betty , thank you so much ! I really appreciate it ! One more from Carla . A playpen and crib ! Thanks Carla ! This is just what I needed ! OK , that ' s all of them . No more gifts . Now who wants to guess when the baby is due ?
Ahhs ! I'm beat ! What happened to you ? You look like you got hit by a tornado ! I just got back from fighting the crowds . You mean at the mall ? Was there a sale ?
What happened to you ? You look like you got hit by a tornado ! I just got back from fighting the crowds . You mean at the mall ? Was there a sale ? Yeah . For five minutes , everything was half off . It was total chaos ...
I just got back from fighting the crowds . You mean at the mall ? Was there a sale ? Yeah . For five minutes , everything was half off . It was total chaos ... Cool !
I like to open up a savings account please . O . K . We offer a few different kinds . I want the one with the highest interest rate . That would be our Saver's Plus account .
O . K . We offer a few different kinds . I want the one with the highest interest rate . That would be our Saver's Plus account . 4 . 5 % , that's good . How much money do I have to keep in it to get that rate ?
I want the one with the highest interest rate . That would be our Saver's Plus account . 4 . 5 % , that's good . How much money do I have to keep in it to get that rate ? You have to maintain a balance of $ 10,000 in the account or the rate drops to 3 % .
That would be our Saver's Plus account . 4 . 5 % , that's good . How much money do I have to keep in it to get that rate ? You have to maintain a balance of $ 10,000 in the account or the rate drops to 3 % . All right . I ' ll open one of those .
4 . 5 % , that's good . How much money do I have to keep in it to get that rate ? You have to maintain a balance of $ 10,000 in the account or the rate drops to 3 % . All right . I ' ll open one of those . Just fill out these forms , and I ' ll be with you in one second .
That China-gown of Tang-Dynasty style is so beautiful . Would you show it to me , please ? Absolutely . Here it is . Could I try it on ? Please do , the fitting-room is over there .
Absolutely . Here it is . Could I try it on ? Please do , the fitting-room is over there . It feels a little tight around the waist . Do you have a bigger one ?
Could I try it on ? Please do , the fitting-room is over there . It feels a little tight around the waist . Do you have a bigger one ? I'm sorry . We don't have this color in your size . We have some green ones in your size . Would you please have a look at this green one ?
Please do , the fitting-room is over there . It feels a little tight around the waist . Do you have a bigger one ? I'm sorry . We don't have this color in your size . We have some green ones in your size . Would you please have a look at this green one ? OK . How much does it cost ?
Hello , could I speak to Allison , please ? I'm sorry , he's out at the moment . When do you expect him back ? I think he'll be back in about an hour at least .
I'm sorry , he's out at the moment . When do you expect him back ? I think he'll be back in about an hour at least . Well , may I leave a message ?
When do you expect him back ? I think he'll be back in about an hour at least . Well , may I leave a message ? Yes , of course .
I think he'll be back in about an hour at least . Well , may I leave a message ? Yes , of course . Would you please ask him to call Chris when he gets back ?
Well , may I leave a message ? Yes , of course . Would you please ask him to call Chris when he gets back ? Ok . Does he know your number ?
Yes , of course . Would you please ask him to call Chris when he gets back ? Ok . Does he know your number ? I'm afraid he doesn't . My mobile is 139- 2477 - 4026 .
Come in , Arnold . Have a seat . Good morning . Would you like something to drink ? No , thank you . I just had two cups of coffee at my desk .
Good morning . Would you like something to drink ? No , thank you . I just had two cups of coffee at my desk . So , you're a serious coffee drinker .
Would you like something to drink ? No , thank you . I just had two cups of coffee at my desk . So , you're a serious coffee drinker . Yes , it keeps me going . Sometimes I think I'm addicted .
No , thank you . I just had two cups of coffee at my desk . So , you're a serious coffee drinker . Yes , it keeps me going . Sometimes I think I'm addicted . Well , coffee isn't such a bad thing . Everyone has to have something . For me , it's cigars . Are you a cigar smoker ?
So , you're a serious coffee drinker . Yes , it keeps me going . Sometimes I think I'm addicted . Well , coffee isn't such a bad thing . Everyone has to have something . For me , it's cigars . Are you a cigar smoker ? No , I've tried them . But I'm not really a smoker .
Yes , it keeps me going . Sometimes I think I'm addicted . Well , coffee isn't such a bad thing . Everyone has to have something . For me , it's cigars . Are you a cigar smoker ? No , I've tried them . But I'm not really a smoker . Well , what would you like to talk to me about ?
Well , coffee isn't such a bad thing . Everyone has to have something . For me , it's cigars . Are you a cigar smoker ? No , I've tried them . But I'm not really a smoker . Well , what would you like to talk to me about ? I wanted to set up this meeting with you to discuss a little proposal .
No , I've tried them . But I'm not really a smoker . Well , what would you like to talk to me about ? I wanted to set up this meeting with you to discuss a little proposal . I'm glad when people have new ideas around here . Tell me about it .
Well , what would you like to talk to me about ? I wanted to set up this meeting with you to discuss a little proposal . I'm glad when people have new ideas around here . Tell me about it . It is about the staff meetings . You know how we have a staff meeting every Tuesday .
I wanted to set up this meeting with you to discuss a little proposal . I'm glad when people have new ideas around here . Tell me about it . It is about the staff meetings . You know how we have a staff meeting every Tuesday . Yes .
I'm glad when people have new ideas around here . Tell me about it . It is about the staff meetings . You know how we have a staff meeting every Tuesday . Yes . Well , I have been thinking about it . And I believe we could do things more efficiently here .
It is about the staff meetings . You know how we have a staff meeting every Tuesday . Yes . Well , I have been thinking about it . And I believe we could do things more efficiently here . What do you suggest ?
Yes . Well , I have been thinking about it . And I believe we could do things more efficiently here . What do you suggest ? The way it is now , the staff from all four branches get together once a week . We meet for one hour . But I think a lot of time is wasted in transportation .
Well , I have been thinking about it . And I believe we could do things more efficiently here . What do you suggest ? The way it is now , the staff from all four branches get together once a week . We meet for one hour . But I think a lot of time is wasted in transportation . You mean because people have to go across town to get here .
What do you suggest ? The way it is now , the staff from all four branches get together once a week . We meet for one hour . But I think a lot of time is wasted in transportation . You mean because people have to go across town to get here . Yes . Some people spend half of the morning on the road .
The way it is now , the staff from all four branches get together once a week . We meet for one hour . But I think a lot of time is wasted in transportation . You mean because people have to go across town to get here . Yes . Some people spend half of the morning on the road . That's true . But our staff meetings are very important , Arnold . I don't know how we can function without them .
You mean because people have to go across town to get here . Yes . Some people spend half of the morning on the road . That's true . But our staff meetings are very important , Arnold . I don't know how we can function without them . I think they are important too . That ' s why I want people to have a better attitude about them .
Yes . Some people spend half of the morning on the road . That's true . But our staff meetings are very important , Arnold . I don't know how we can function without them . I think they are important too . That ' s why I want people to have a better attitude about them . I know a lot of people think the meetings aren't too useful . I'm aware of that .
That's true . But our staff meetings are very important , Arnold . I don't know how we can function without them . I think they are important too . That ' s why I want people to have a better attitude about them . I know a lot of people think the meetings aren't too useful . I'm aware of that . Here's what I propose . I think we should meet once every two weeks , but meet for ninety minutes or more .
I think they are important too . That ' s why I want people to have a better attitude about them . I know a lot of people think the meetings aren't too useful . I'm aware of that . Here's what I propose . I think we should meet once every two weeks , but meet for ninety minutes or more . Well .
I know a lot of people think the meetings aren't too useful . I'm aware of that . Here's what I propose . I think we should meet once every two weeks , but meet for ninety minutes or more . Well . I also think the meetings should be more focused . And I would be willing to take responsibility for that .
Here's what I propose . I think we should meet once every two weeks , but meet for ninety minutes or more . Well . I also think the meetings should be more focused . And I would be willing to take responsibility for that . You mean you want to run the meetings ?
Well . I also think the meetings should be more focused . And I would be willing to take responsibility for that . You mean you want to run the meetings ? No , not really run them . But I could help organize them . I could discuss meeting topics with you , and then prepare a schedule for each meeting . I could then send an e-mail to all the staff to explain the coming meeting . This way the meetings would become more focused , and people would prepare better .
I also think the meetings should be more focused . And I would be willing to take responsibility for that . You mean you want to run the meetings ? No , not really run them . But I could help organize them . I could discuss meeting topics with you , and then prepare a schedule for each meeting . I could then send an e-mail to all the staff to explain the coming meeting . This way the meetings would become more focused , and people would prepare better . Hmm . But we would meet every two weeks .
You mean you want to run the meetings ? No , not really run them . But I could help organize them . I could discuss meeting topics with you , and then prepare a schedule for each meeting . I could then send an e-mail to all the staff to explain the coming meeting . This way the meetings would become more focused , and people would prepare better . Hmm . But we would meet every two weeks . I really think it would work . The meetings could be longer , and better organized .
No , not really run them . But I could help organize them . I could discuss meeting topics with you , and then prepare a schedule for each meeting . I could then send an e-mail to all the staff to explain the coming meeting . This way the meetings would become more focused , and people would prepare better . Hmm . But we would meet every two weeks . I really think it would work . The meetings could be longer , and better organized . I am not against the idea , Arnold . It may really be more efficient , as you say . I'll tell you what we can do . Why don't we try your proposal for a month , and see how it works .
Hmm . But we would meet every two weeks . I really think it would work . The meetings could be longer , and better organized . I am not against the idea , Arnold . It may really be more efficient , as you say . I'll tell you what we can do . Why don't we try your proposal for a month , and see how it works . Excellent . I would be happy to get started on it .
Good morning , Madam . What can I do for you ? Can you show me some traditional Chinese arts and crafts ? Maybe sandalwood fan is good . Would you show me some ?
Can you show me some traditional Chinese arts and crafts ? Maybe sandalwood fan is good . Would you show me some ? Of course .
Maybe sandalwood fan is good . Would you show me some ? Of course . They really smell fragrant . How much is a real sandalwood fan ?
Would you show me some ? Of course . They really smell fragrant . How much is a real sandalwood fan ? The small ones are one hundred yuan for each . And the big ones are two hundred and thirty yuan .
Of course . They really smell fragrant . How much is a real sandalwood fan ? The small ones are one hundred yuan for each . And the big ones are two hundred and thirty yuan . I'll take two small ones and a big one .
They really smell fragrant . How much is a real sandalwood fan ? The small ones are one hundred yuan for each . And the big ones are two hundred and thirty yuan . I'll take two small ones and a big one . What else are you interested in ?
The small ones are one hundred yuan for each . And the big ones are two hundred and thirty yuan . I'll take two small ones and a big one . What else are you interested in ? I'm afraid not .
Hello . I want to send the computer to my sister in Shanghai by logistics transport . OK . Is it in the box ? May I see it ? Yes . This is the computer and this is the keyboard and the monitor . Is there anything else ?
OK . Is it in the box ? May I see it ? Yes . This is the computer and this is the keyboard and the monitor . Is there anything else ? There are a mouse and a camera .
Yes . This is the computer and this is the keyboard and the monitor . Is there anything else ? There are a mouse and a camera . Is that all ?
Is there anything else ? There are a mouse and a camera . Is that all ? Yes . How much is it to send these things to Shanghai by regular delivery ?
There are a mouse and a camera . Is that all ? Yes . How much is it to send these things to Shanghai by regular delivery ? It depends on the weight of these things . Generally speaking , we will charge you ten yuan for one kilogram .
Is that all ? Yes . How much is it to send these things to Shanghai by regular delivery ? It depends on the weight of these things . Generally speaking , we will charge you ten yuan for one kilogram . I see . Can you weigh them for me , please ?
Yes . How much is it to send these things to Shanghai by regular delivery ? It depends on the weight of these things . Generally speaking , we will charge you ten yuan for one kilogram . I see . Can you weigh them for me , please ? Please go over there to weigh them .
You want to argue your ticket today ? Yes . That is why I'm here . Tell me your argument . I was pulled over for allegedly speeding .
Yes . That is why I'm here . Tell me your argument . I was pulled over for allegedly speeding . Are you sure you weren't speeding ?
Tell me your argument . I was pulled over for allegedly speeding . Are you sure you weren't speeding ? To be honest , I really wasn't .
I was pulled over for allegedly speeding . Are you sure you weren't speeding ? To be honest , I really wasn't . What speed were you going ?
Are you sure you weren't speeding ? To be honest , I really wasn't . What speed were you going ? I was under the speed limit . I was going 35 , when the speed limit was 40 .
To be honest , I really wasn't . What speed were you going ? I was under the speed limit . I was going 35 , when the speed limit was 40 . I'm just going to let you go , since the arresting officer isn't here .
What speed were you going ? I was under the speed limit . I was going 35 , when the speed limit was 40 . I'm just going to let you go , since the arresting officer isn't here . What about my ticket ? Do I still need to pay ?
I was under the speed limit . I was going 35 , when the speed limit was 40 . I'm just going to let you go , since the arresting officer isn't here . What about my ticket ? Do I still need to pay ? Don't worry about it .
Taxi ! Where will you go , sir ? Friendship Hotel . OK , it's not far from here .
Where will you go , sir ? Friendship Hotel . OK , it's not far from here . I have something important to do , can you fast the speed ?
Friendship Hotel . OK , it's not far from here . I have something important to do , can you fast the speed ? Sure , I'll try my best . Here we are .
OK , it's not far from here . I have something important to do , can you fast the speed ? Sure , I'll try my best . Here we are . How much should I pay you ?
I have something important to do , can you fast the speed ? Sure , I'll try my best . Here we are . How much should I pay you ? The reading on the meter is 15 yuan .
Sure , I'll try my best . Here we are . How much should I pay you ? The reading on the meter is 15 yuan . Here's 20 yuan , keep the change .
what do you think about the public service advertisement for quiting smoking ? while I think it's great that they're trying to get people to quit smoking , but I don't really care for the advertisement . why not ? the fish hook that they use is quite disturbing !
while I think it's great that they're trying to get people to quit smoking , but I don't really care for the advertisement . why not ? the fish hook that they use is quite disturbing ! it's a pun . They use the fish hook to make you think about how you can get hooked on smoking .
why not ? the fish hook that they use is quite disturbing ! it's a pun . They use the fish hook to make you think about how you can get hooked on smoking . I know , but I think it's not really appropriate for young children .
the fish hook that they use is quite disturbing ! it's a pun . They use the fish hook to make you think about how you can get hooked on smoking . I know , but I think it's not really appropriate for young children . I think they're trying to scare the young people so that they don't ever start smoking .
it's a pun . They use the fish hook to make you think about how you can get hooked on smoking . I know , but I think it's not really appropriate for young children . I think they're trying to scare the young people so that they don't ever start smoking . all advertisers like to catch young people because they know the meaning of loyalty .
I know , but I think it's not really appropriate for young children . I think they're trying to scare the young people so that they don't ever start smoking . all advertisers like to catch young people because they know the meaning of loyalty . perhaps you're right , , though . Maybe the advertisement would be more effective with adults anyhow .
I think they're trying to scare the young people so that they don't ever start smoking . all advertisers like to catch young people because they know the meaning of loyalty . perhaps you're right , , though . Maybe the advertisement would be more effective with adults anyhow . I have nothing against them putting the advertisements in magazines and newspapers that are read by adults , but I don't think they should have their ad on billboards where children can see them .
all advertisers like to catch young people because they know the meaning of loyalty . perhaps you're right , , though . Maybe the advertisement would be more effective with adults anyhow . I have nothing against them putting the advertisements in magazines and newspapers that are read by adults , but I don't think they should have their ad on billboards where children can see them . that's a good point . I think I was so delighted to see that a billboard was being used to promote health that I didn't think about how children might understand the ad .
Janice , I can't find the document I was working on last month . Can you help me to look for it ? Susan , I'm sorry . Did you look up those files I requested ? Yes , but I still can not find it . Maybe it is in this cabinet . I couldn't find the files you request , even though I checked all the cross-references . I don't think it's there .
Susan , I'm sorry . Did you look up those files I requested ? Yes , but I still can not find it . Maybe it is in this cabinet . I couldn't find the files you request , even though I checked all the cross-references . I don't think it's there . I am sure that document was filed .
Yes , but I still can not find it . Maybe it is in this cabinet . I couldn't find the files you request , even though I checked all the cross-references . I don't think it's there . I am sure that document was filed . Well , let me check again under a different heading .
I couldn't find the files you request , even though I checked all the cross-references . I don't think it's there . I am sure that document was filed . Well , let me check again under a different heading . Good idea ! It seems that I asked you to put it in Nova's files .
Excuse me , but could you tell me the way to the railway station ? The railway station ? Just go down this street and turn left at the second corner . The station is at the end of that street . How long will it take me to get there ? It's about a ten-minute walk .
The railway station ? Just go down this street and turn left at the second corner . The station is at the end of that street . How long will it take me to get there ? It's about a ten-minute walk . That's very clear . I think I can find my way now . Thank you .
Good morning ! May I help you ? Yes . My wife and I are interested in renting a house for the summer . Do you want a furnished house or an unfurnished one ? Furnished .
Yes . My wife and I are interested in renting a house for the summer . Do you want a furnished house or an unfurnished one ? Furnished . Very well . How long do you want the house ? All summer ?
Do you want a furnished house or an unfurnished one ? Furnished . Very well . How long do you want the house ? All summer ? No , not all summer . Just for six weeks .
Furnished . Very well . How long do you want the house ? All summer ? No , not all summer . Just for six weeks . I'm afraid I can only rent it for two months .
Very well . How long do you want the house ? All summer ? No , not all summer . Just for six weeks . I'm afraid I can only rent it for two months . My holiday is only six weeks , but I think my brother and his family would take it for the other two weeks . Is the house in good condition ?
I see there are some workmen on the site . When is the building work due to start ? Well , it'll take three weeks to demolish the old building and clear away the debris . We should be ready to start the construction work in week 23 . How long will the sub contractors be on site ? About ten weeks in total if everything goes according to plan .
I see myself as being honest , diligent , persevering and creative . And I have a strong sense of responsibility . How about your psychological resilience ? I think I can work well under pressure , if necessary . How would you deal with those who are not easy to get along with ? I will just be sincere and friendly to others , and I believe they will treat me the same way .
How about your psychological resilience ? I think I can work well under pressure , if necessary . How would you deal with those who are not easy to get along with ? I will just be sincere and friendly to others , and I believe they will treat me the same way . You seem to be a kind-hearted lady .
I think I can work well under pressure , if necessary . How would you deal with those who are not easy to get along with ? I will just be sincere and friendly to others , and I believe they will treat me the same way . You seem to be a kind-hearted lady . Thank you . I simply believe the goodness of human nature .
How would you deal with those who are not easy to get along with ? I will just be sincere and friendly to others , and I believe they will treat me the same way . You seem to be a kind-hearted lady . Thank you . I simply believe the goodness of human nature . Please tell me your weaknesses if you can .
I am dropping off my prescription to get it filled . You can come back in twenty minutes , and it will be ready . If I couldn ' t wait , could the prescription be mailed to me ? Yes , you can have it delivered or filled at any location in our HMO . When should I take this medication ?
You can come back in twenty minutes , and it will be ready . If I couldn ' t wait , could the prescription be mailed to me ? Yes , you can have it delivered or filled at any location in our HMO . When should I take this medication ? You need to take it at bedtime .
If I couldn ' t wait , could the prescription be mailed to me ? Yes , you can have it delivered or filled at any location in our HMO . When should I take this medication ? You need to take it at bedtime . Should I take this medicine on an empty stomach ?
Yes , you can have it delivered or filled at any location in our HMO . When should I take this medication ? You need to take it at bedtime . Should I take this medicine on an empty stomach ? Don ' t mix alcohol with this medication , but you can take it with or without food .
When should I take this medication ? You need to take it at bedtime . Should I take this medicine on an empty stomach ? Don ' t mix alcohol with this medication , but you can take it with or without food . What are the side effects of this medication ?
Dear , can you drive me to the clinic ? I'm afraid I can't . Why ? Well , my car won't start . I don't know what's the matter with it . Could it be the battery ?
I'm afraid I can't . Why ? Well , my car won't start . I don't know what's the matter with it . Could it be the battery ? No , I don't think it could be . I checked the battery two days ago . It must be other problems .
Why ? Well , my car won't start . I don't know what's the matter with it . Could it be the battery ? No , I don't think it could be . I checked the battery two days ago . It must be other problems . Well , I suppose it could be the gas .
Well , my car won't start . I don't know what's the matter with it . Could it be the battery ? No , I don't think it could be . I checked the battery two days ago . It must be other problems . Well , I suppose it could be the gas . No , there is plenty of gas . I filled it up yesterday .
Could it be the battery ? No , I don't think it could be . I checked the battery two days ago . It must be other problems . Well , I suppose it could be the gas . No , there is plenty of gas . I filled it up yesterday . Perhaps it's the starter then ?
Hey , Mary . We're back . Have you eaten yet ? I had some bread for breakfast . Let's go out for brunch . Brunch ? It is a meal that combines breakfast and lunch . On Sundays , many Americans sleep late and go out for brunch . Those who go to church without having breakfast have brunch also .
Can you give me a hand with some things in the kitchen ? I don ' t think I can finish everything in time . Ok , what do you want me to do ? First of all , I need you to do the drying up . I ' m almost finished the washing up . I ' m going to clean the cooker when I finish . Ok . I ' ll put the plates and cutlery away as I dry them . Where is the tea towel ? Oh , here it is . We ' ll have this finished in no time with two if us working on it .
Ok , what do you want me to do ? First of all , I need you to do the drying up . I ' m almost finished the washing up . I ' m going to clean the cooker when I finish . Ok . I ' ll put the plates and cutlery away as I dry them . Where is the tea towel ? Oh , here it is . We ' ll have this finished in no time with two if us working on it . While you ' re cleaning the cooker , I ' ll wipe the worktop . That was a great meat , by the way .
First of all , I need you to do the drying up . I ' m almost finished the washing up . I ' m going to clean the cooker when I finish . Ok . I ' ll put the plates and cutlery away as I dry them . Where is the tea towel ? Oh , here it is . We ' ll have this finished in no time with two if us working on it . While you ' re cleaning the cooker , I ' ll wipe the worktop . That was a great meat , by the way . Actually , it was just some leftovers from yesterday . I made far too much food to eat alone . I am glad you could come over to help me finish it .
Ok . I ' ll put the plates and cutlery away as I dry them . Where is the tea towel ? Oh , here it is . We ' ll have this finished in no time with two if us working on it . While you ' re cleaning the cooker , I ' ll wipe the worktop . That was a great meat , by the way . Actually , it was just some leftovers from yesterday . I made far too much food to eat alone . I am glad you could come over to help me finish it . My pleasure ! This tea towel ' s a little ragged . Do you have another one ?
We ' ll have this finished in no time with two if us working on it . While you ' re cleaning the cooker , I ' ll wipe the worktop . That was a great meat , by the way . Actually , it was just some leftovers from yesterday . I made far too much food to eat alone . I am glad you could come over to help me finish it . My pleasure ! This tea towel ' s a little ragged . Do you have another one ? Yes . Look in that drawer . I should throw the old one out .
Good morning , sir . May I help you ? Yes , I'd like to settle my bill . Certainly sir . May I have your room key , please ? Sure . Here you are . Just a moment , please . I'll draw up your bill for you ... Thank you for waiting , sir . Your bill totals two thousand six hundred and fifty-eight yuan , including the phone and laundry .
Yes , I'd like to settle my bill . Certainly sir . May I have your room key , please ? Sure . Here you are . Just a moment , please . I'll draw up your bill for you ... Thank you for waiting , sir . Your bill totals two thousand six hundred and fifty-eight yuan , including the phone and laundry . That much ! Would you mind letting me have a look at it ?
Certainly sir . May I have your room key , please ? Sure . Here you are . Just a moment , please . I'll draw up your bill for you ... Thank you for waiting , sir . Your bill totals two thousand six hundred and fifty-eight yuan , including the phone and laundry . That much ! Would you mind letting me have a look at it ? Not at all , sir . Here you are .
Sure . Here you are . Just a moment , please . I'll draw up your bill for you ... Thank you for waiting , sir . Your bill totals two thousand six hundred and fifty-eight yuan , including the phone and laundry . That much ! Would you mind letting me have a look at it ? Not at all , sir . Here you are . Thanks . Well , It seems to be right . How much is that in dollars , please ?
Just a moment , please . I'll draw up your bill for you ... Thank you for waiting , sir . Your bill totals two thousand six hundred and fifty-eight yuan , including the phone and laundry . That much ! Would you mind letting me have a look at it ? Not at all , sir . Here you are . Thanks . Well , It seems to be right . How much is that in dollars , please ? Just a moment , sir . I'll calculate that for you . It comes to 305 dollars and 52 cents at today's exchange rate .
That much ! Would you mind letting me have a look at it ? Not at all , sir . Here you are . Thanks . Well , It seems to be right . How much is that in dollars , please ? Just a moment , sir . I'll calculate that for you . It comes to 305 dollars and 52 cents at today's exchange rate . I see . OK .
Not at all , sir . Here you are . Thanks . Well , It seems to be right . How much is that in dollars , please ? Just a moment , sir . I'll calculate that for you . It comes to 305 dollars and 52 cents at today's exchange rate . I see . OK . How would you like to make the payment ?
Thanks . Well , It seems to be right . How much is that in dollars , please ? Just a moment , sir . I'll calculate that for you . It comes to 305 dollars and 52 cents at today's exchange rate . I see . OK . How would you like to make the payment ? In cash , please . Here you are .
Just a moment , sir . I'll calculate that for you . It comes to 305 dollars and 52 cents at today's exchange rate . I see . OK . How would you like to make the payment ? In cash , please . Here you are . Thank you , sir ... Here is your change . Could you check it , please ? Thank you for choosing our hotel . I hope you enjoyed your stay .
I see . OK . How would you like to make the payment ? In cash , please . Here you are . Thank you , sir ... Here is your change . Could you check it , please ? Thank you for choosing our hotel . I hope you enjoyed your stay . By the way , please forward my mail to this address .
Could you project what you would like to be doing five years from now ? As I have some administrative experience from my last job , I may use my organizational and planning skills in the future . How do you plan to accomplish this ? By doing everything necessary and for further study . How long would you like to stay with this company ?
As I have some administrative experience from my last job , I may use my organizational and planning skills in the future . How do you plan to accomplish this ? By doing everything necessary and for further study . How long would you like to stay with this company ? How long I will stay with the company depends on whether the company and I are satisfied with each other .
How do you plan to accomplish this ? By doing everything necessary and for further study . How long would you like to stay with this company ? How long I will stay with the company depends on whether the company and I are satisfied with each other . What do you think of this industry's outlook in five years ?
Can you tell me where it hurts ? I am so glad they called you . It feels like something is really wrong with my stomach ! Does it hurt when I push here ? It ' s mostly on my right side . Right here ! Have you been feeling this way for awhile ?
I am so glad they called you . It feels like something is really wrong with my stomach ! Does it hurt when I push here ? It ' s mostly on my right side . Right here ! Have you been feeling this way for awhile ? I started feeling kind of sick last night after dinner , but this morning the pain got really bad !
Does it hurt when I push here ? It ' s mostly on my right side . Right here ! Have you been feeling this way for awhile ? I started feeling kind of sick last night after dinner , but this morning the pain got really bad ! Have you eaten anything unusual lately ?
It ' s mostly on my right side . Right here ! Have you been feeling this way for awhile ? I started feeling kind of sick last night after dinner , but this morning the pain got really bad ! Have you eaten anything unusual lately ? No , not that I remember .
Have you been feeling this way for awhile ? I started feeling kind of sick last night after dinner , but this morning the pain got really bad ! Have you eaten anything unusual lately ? No , not that I remember . We are going to take you to an emergency room right now .
Thank god you are open ! I have an emergency ! Hello , Mr . Henderson what can I do for you ? I need this dress and this suit dry cleaned ASAP ! OK , I can have it ready by the end of the week . No , you don ' t understand , I need this tomorrow morning ! I accidentally spilled beer all over my wife ' s dress and we have a wedding to attend tomorrow ! She ' s gonna kill me !
Hello , Mr . Henderson what can I do for you ? I need this dress and this suit dry cleaned ASAP ! OK , I can have it ready by the end of the week . No , you don ' t understand , I need this tomorrow morning ! I accidentally spilled beer all over my wife ' s dress and we have a wedding to attend tomorrow ! She ' s gonna kill me ! OK , I can have it ready tomorrow afternoon , but this suit is also very stained . I can ' t guarantee we can remove it completely .
I need this dress and this suit dry cleaned ASAP ! OK , I can have it ready by the end of the week . No , you don ' t understand , I need this tomorrow morning ! I accidentally spilled beer all over my wife ' s dress and we have a wedding to attend tomorrow ! She ' s gonna kill me ! OK , I can have it ready tomorrow afternoon , but this suit is also very stained . I can ' t guarantee we can remove it completely . Fine ! Can you also iron and starch this shirt ?
OK , I can have it ready by the end of the week . No , you don ' t understand , I need this tomorrow morning ! I accidentally spilled beer all over my wife ' s dress and we have a wedding to attend tomorrow ! She ' s gonna kill me ! OK , I can have it ready tomorrow afternoon , but this suit is also very stained . I can ' t guarantee we can remove it completely . Fine ! Can you also iron and starch this shirt ? Certainly .
Good coming , sir . What can I do for you ? Good coming . I would like to open a new account . I want to deposit 500 dollars . Very good , sir . What kind would you like ? Could you tell me how many kinds there are in your bank ? Besides the checking account , there's a monthly savings account and a daily interest account .
Good coming . I would like to open a new account . I want to deposit 500 dollars . Very good , sir . What kind would you like ? Could you tell me how many kinds there are in your bank ? Besides the checking account , there's a monthly savings account and a daily interest account . Oh , I think I'd like to take the monthly savings account then .
Very good , sir . What kind would you like ? Could you tell me how many kinds there are in your bank ? Besides the checking account , there's a monthly savings account and a daily interest account . Oh , I think I'd like to take the monthly savings account then . Would you fill out this form ?
Could you tell me how many kinds there are in your bank ? Besides the checking account , there's a monthly savings account and a daily interest account . Oh , I think I'd like to take the monthly savings account then . Would you fill out this form ? OK . Here you are .
Besides the checking account , there's a monthly savings account and a daily interest account . Oh , I think I'd like to take the monthly savings account then . Would you fill out this form ? OK . Here you are . All right . And here's your deposit book .
Oh , I think I'd like to take the monthly savings account then . Would you fill out this form ? OK . Here you are . All right . And here's your deposit book . Thank you . Goodbye .
Let's have a look at the map first . All right . Wukesong stop is quite a few stops from here . Let's buy some tickets . The train is coming . There are a lot of people waiting here . let's stand in a better position to get on the train Well , it's not as crowded as we expected , is it ?
Good morning . May I help you ? Yes . I'm looking for an apartment , I'd like two bedrooms . All right . Have a seat , please . Let me ask you a few questions . First of all , may I have your name , please ? My name's Donald Eakins . How do you spell your last name , Mr . Eakins .
Yes . I'm looking for an apartment , I'd like two bedrooms . All right . Have a seat , please . Let me ask you a few questions . First of all , may I have your name , please ? My name's Donald Eakins . How do you spell your last name , Mr . Eakins . It's E-A-K-I-N-S .
All right . Have a seat , please . Let me ask you a few questions . First of all , may I have your name , please ? My name's Donald Eakins . How do you spell your last name , Mr . Eakins . It's E-A-K-I-N-S . E-A-K-I-N-S . First name , Donald . And what's your present address , Mr . Eakins ?
My name's Donald Eakins . How do you spell your last name , Mr . Eakins . It's E-A-K-I-N-S . E-A-K-I-N-S . First name , Donald . And what's your present address , Mr . Eakins ? It's 1446 Pine Street .
How do you spell your last name , Mr . Eakins . It's E-A-K-I-N-S . E-A-K-I-N-S . First name , Donald . And what's your present address , Mr . Eakins ? It's 1446 Pine Street . 1446 Pine . That's in San Francisco , isn't it ?
I'd like to extend my visa for another two years . Are you on a tourist visa or a student visa ? Student visa . What is the reason for extension ? I'll go into a practical training as soon as I receive my Master ' s degree from the University of Pennsylvania early next month .
Lisa , is there a milk section ? No , there's no such section . The dairy section is where you'll find milk and cheese . What's Condiments ? That's where you'll find things like salt and pepper . Oh , I see .
No , there's no such section . The dairy section is where you'll find milk and cheese . What's Condiments ? That's where you'll find things like salt and pepper . Oh , I see . Let's go to aisle 4 to pick up some pasta for tonight .
What's Condiments ? That's where you'll find things like salt and pepper . Oh , I see . Let's go to aisle 4 to pick up some pasta for tonight . Great ! Pasta for dinner .
That's where you'll find things like salt and pepper . Oh , I see . Let's go to aisle 4 to pick up some pasta for tonight . Great ! Pasta for dinner . And let's get a loaf of bread at the bakery for breakfast .
Oh , I see . Let's go to aisle 4 to pick up some pasta for tonight . Great ! Pasta for dinner . And let's get a loaf of bread at the bakery for breakfast . Maybe we should get a shopping cart .
Have you seen the sales report for last quarter ? Who do you think is our digest threat ? From the numbers , it seems like Forest Inc . is our digest competitor ... Le'Ban and Markford are also major contenders in our market . Le'Ban is the new kid on the block , it's amazing they've had such tremendous success so soon ... With them on the scene , the competition is outthrough . here's information about our competitor's recent market activities ... Thanks , this will be a big help in putting together next quarter's marketing strategies . With competition this intense , we'll have to step up production even more . We need a price we can compete with .
From the numbers , it seems like Forest Inc . is our digest competitor ... Le'Ban and Markford are also major contenders in our market . Le'Ban is the new kid on the block , it's amazing they've had such tremendous success so soon ... With them on the scene , the competition is outthrough . here's information about our competitor's recent market activities ... Thanks , this will be a big help in putting together next quarter's marketing strategies . With competition this intense , we'll have to step up production even more . We need a price we can compete with . We're in a very competitive environment . It's sink or saimin this market .
We want to order some of these products . Mr . Thomas , this is a standard size . Can you supply us right away ? Yes , we have plenty on hand right now . Good , we'll take 500 suits .
Hello . Excuse me . Yes . Can I help you ? Do you remember me ? I just had lunch here a half hour ago . Of course I remember you . I think I lost my wallet here .
Yes . Can I help you ? Do you remember me ? I just had lunch here a half hour ago . Of course I remember you . I think I lost my wallet here . Oh , no . Really ? I didn't see anything .
Do you remember me ? I just had lunch here a half hour ago . Of course I remember you . I think I lost my wallet here . Oh , no . Really ? I didn't see anything . Really ? You didn't find a wallet ?
Of course I remember you . I think I lost my wallet here . Oh , no . Really ? I didn't see anything . Really ? You didn't find a wallet ? No , I didn't . Would you like to go look by the table with me ?
I think I lost my wallet here . Oh , no . Really ? I didn't see anything . Really ? You didn't find a wallet ? No , I didn't . Would you like to go look by the table with me ? Yes , I would . It's not here . And it's not on the floor . Has anyone sat at this table since we left ?
Oh , no . Really ? I didn't see anything . Really ? You didn't find a wallet ? No , I didn't . Would you like to go look by the table with me ? Yes , I would . It's not here . And it's not on the floor . Has anyone sat at this table since we left ? No . It's been empty the whole time .
Really ? You didn't find a wallet ? No , I didn't . Would you like to go look by the table with me ? Yes , I would . It's not here . And it's not on the floor . Has anyone sat at this table since we left ? No . It's been empty the whole time . Hmm . I don't know how it could have happened .
No , I didn't . Would you like to go look by the table with me ? Yes , I would . It's not here . And it's not on the floor . Has anyone sat at this table since we left ? No . It's been empty the whole time . Hmm . I don't know how it could have happened . I remember , sir , that your friend took the bill . You didn't pay for the lunch yourself , did you ?
Yes , I would . It's not here . And it's not on the floor . Has anyone sat at this table since we left ? No . It's been empty the whole time . Hmm . I don't know how it could have happened . I remember , sir , that your friend took the bill . You didn't pay for the lunch yourself , did you ? No . My friend did .
No . It's been empty the whole time . Hmm . I don't know how it could have happened . I remember , sir , that your friend took the bill . You didn't pay for the lunch yourself , did you ? No . My friend did . Then are you sure you took your wallet out of your pocket while you were here ?
Hmm . I don't know how it could have happened . I remember , sir , that your friend took the bill . You didn't pay for the lunch yourself , did you ? No . My friend did . Then are you sure you took your wallet out of your pocket while you were here ? No , I'm not sure . But I usually take out my wallet when I sit down . It ' s uncomfortable to sit on it . So I usually put it next to me on the table .
I remember , sir , that your friend took the bill . You didn't pay for the lunch yourself , did you ? No . My friend did . Then are you sure you took your wallet out of your pocket while you were here ? No , I'm not sure . But I usually take out my wallet when I sit down . It ' s uncomfortable to sit on it . So I usually put it next to me on the table . Maybe you lost it before you came here . Or maybe you left it at home .
No . My friend did . Then are you sure you took your wallet out of your pocket while you were here ? No , I'm not sure . But I usually take out my wallet when I sit down . It ' s uncomfortable to sit on it . So I usually put it next to me on the table . Maybe you lost it before you came here . Or maybe you left it at home . I don't think it's at home . I think I had it when I left the house . But what should I do ?
Then are you sure you took your wallet out of your pocket while you were here ? No , I'm not sure . But I usually take out my wallet when I sit down . It ' s uncomfortable to sit on it . So I usually put it next to me on the table . Maybe you lost it before you came here . Or maybe you left it at home . I don't think it's at home . I think I had it when I left the house . But what should I do ? Well , the first thing you should do is make sure it's not at home . Then , if it isn't , you need to call your credit card companies and cancel your cards . Next , you need to replace whatever you lost , your driver's license , things like that .
No , I'm not sure . But I usually take out my wallet when I sit down . It ' s uncomfortable to sit on it . So I usually put it next to me on the table . Maybe you lost it before you came here . Or maybe you left it at home . I don't think it's at home . I think I had it when I left the house . But what should I do ? Well , the first thing you should do is make sure it's not at home . Then , if it isn't , you need to call your credit card companies and cancel your cards . Next , you need to replace whatever you lost , your driver's license , things like that . Should I call the police ?
Maybe you lost it before you came here . Or maybe you left it at home . I don't think it's at home . I think I had it when I left the house . But what should I do ? Well , the first thing you should do is make sure it's not at home . Then , if it isn't , you need to call your credit card companies and cancel your cards . Next , you need to replace whatever you lost , your driver's license , things like that . Should I call the police ? You can if you want . But the police usually don't do anything about lost wallets .
I don't think it's at home . I think I had it when I left the house . But what should I do ? Well , the first thing you should do is make sure it's not at home . Then , if it isn't , you need to call your credit card companies and cancel your cards . Next , you need to replace whatever you lost , your driver's license , things like that . Should I call the police ? You can if you want . But the police usually don't do anything about lost wallets . Hmm . I'll go home and check . Maybe you're right . Maybe it's at home .
Well , the first thing you should do is make sure it's not at home . Then , if it isn't , you need to call your credit card companies and cancel your cards . Next , you need to replace whatever you lost , your driver's license , things like that . Should I call the police ? You can if you want . But the police usually don't do anything about lost wallets . Hmm . I'll go home and check . Maybe you're right . Maybe it's at home . I'm sorry we couldn't find it , sir .
Can I help you , Miss ? I would like to order 2 office-style cabinets and desk calendars . We want office-style cabinets in white . The catalogue number is 90 - f - 2356 . How soon do you want it ? Could you deliver it tomorrow ? No problem .
I would like to order 2 office-style cabinets and desk calendars . We want office-style cabinets in white . The catalogue number is 90 - f - 2356 . How soon do you want it ? Could you deliver it tomorrow ? No problem . Please handle the items carefully .
How soon do you want it ? Could you deliver it tomorrow ? No problem . Please handle the items carefully . Certainly .
Do you want to know what really motivates Vince to be nice to me ? OK . What ? It isn't gratitude . It's fear . Vince is afraid I'll jump to a competitor . You wouldn't do that . Would you ? I might . Vince knows he needs to keep me happy .
Excuse me , but I'm not feeling too well . I think I'm going to throw up . There's an airsickness bag behind the seat that's in front of you . I must've missed it . Is this your first time flying ? Yes . I'm going to San Francisco .
There's an airsickness bag behind the seat that's in front of you . I must've missed it . Is this your first time flying ? Yes . I'm going to San Francisco . Oh , it's a beautiful city . I think you'll like it .
I must've missed it . Is this your first time flying ? Yes . I'm going to San Francisco . Oh , it's a beautiful city . I think you'll like it . Hey , I'm feeling much better already .
Is this your first time flying ? Yes . I'm going to San Francisco . Oh , it's a beautiful city . I think you'll like it . Hey , I'm feeling much better already . Sometimes if you don't think about it , that sick feeling will go away on its own .
Yes . I'm going to San Francisco . Oh , it's a beautiful city . I think you'll like it . Hey , I'm feeling much better already . Sometimes if you don't think about it , that sick feeling will go away on its own . Thanks . By the way , my name is Mary .
Good morning , Miss . Good morning . Could you tell me where I can find the Clothing Department ? On the left of the elevator of the 3rd floor . I ' d like to buy a woolen vest for my grandpa . I ' m sure you can find your favorite there .
Good morning . Could you tell me where I can find the Clothing Department ? On the left of the elevator of the 3rd floor . I ' d like to buy a woolen vest for my grandpa . I ' m sure you can find your favorite there . Thank you very much .
Would you like to come by and play bridge ? Well , let's see . Why don't we go dancing for a change ? We haven't done that for a long time . Well , to tell the truth , I don't really feel like it tonight . I had a pretty hard day and I'm sort of tired . Hmm . Well , in that case , we could go to the movies . Oh , we always go to the movies . Can't we do something different ?
Well , let's see . Why don't we go dancing for a change ? We haven't done that for a long time . Well , to tell the truth , I don't really feel like it tonight . I had a pretty hard day and I'm sort of tired . Hmm . Well , in that case , we could go to the movies . Oh , we always go to the movies . Can't we do something different ? Well , do you have any suggestions ?
Well , to tell the truth , I don't really feel like it tonight . I had a pretty hard day and I'm sort of tired . Hmm . Well , in that case , we could go to the movies . Oh , we always go to the movies . Can't we do something different ? Well , do you have any suggestions ? Let's see . How do you feel about playing bridge ?
Hmm . Well , in that case , we could go to the movies . Oh , we always go to the movies . Can't we do something different ? Well , do you have any suggestions ? Let's see . How do you feel about playing bridge ? It's OK with me , but we don't have any beer and things .
Oh , we always go to the movies . Can't we do something different ? Well , do you have any suggestions ? Let's see . How do you feel about playing bridge ? It's OK with me , but we don't have any beer and things . Well , shall I call Janet and ask her and Tom to come over , and I'll go to the store and buy some stuff .
Well , do you have any suggestions ? Let's see . How do you feel about playing bridge ? It's OK with me , but we don't have any beer and things . Well , shall I call Janet and ask her and Tom to come over , and I'll go to the store and buy some stuff . OK .
Hello , Steven . How do you get along with your job ? Actually , I learn many things from it . I find that I am a quick learner in new things . Practice makes perfect . By the way , what do you learn from your job ? At first I didn't know anything about the machine . Now I know how to operate it . Besides , the work gives me a sense of fulfillment and achievement . Yeah , you are a good learner . I must commend you for your good performance .
Actually , I learn many things from it . I find that I am a quick learner in new things . Practice makes perfect . By the way , what do you learn from your job ? At first I didn't know anything about the machine . Now I know how to operate it . Besides , the work gives me a sense of fulfillment and achievement . Yeah , you are a good learner . I must commend you for your good performance . Thank you . That's a long way to go for my job .
Practice makes perfect . By the way , what do you learn from your job ? At first I didn't know anything about the machine . Now I know how to operate it . Besides , the work gives me a sense of fulfillment and achievement . Yeah , you are a good learner . I must commend you for your good performance . Thank you . That's a long way to go for my job . I appreciate your effort very much . The coffee break is over ; it's about time we set to work .
Excuse me . I've been waiting for my main dish for quite a time . Yes , sir . Just a minute , please , I'll check with the kitchen . Thank you for waiting . It takes another ten to fifteen minutes , I'm afraid . We have an appointment in half an hour . I see .
Yes , sir . Just a minute , please , I'll check with the kitchen . Thank you for waiting . It takes another ten to fifteen minutes , I'm afraid . We have an appointment in half an hour . I see . Do you have anything else I can have instead ?
Thank you for waiting . It takes another ten to fifteen minutes , I'm afraid . We have an appointment in half an hour . I see . Do you have anything else I can have instead ? Well , yes . How about beef stew ? We can serve you at once .
Excuse me , but could you tell me the way to the railway station ? The railway station ? Just go down this street and turn left at the second corner . The station is at the end of that street . How long will it take me to get there ? It's about a ten-minute walk . That's very clear . I think I can find my way now . Thank you .
How beautiful the flower is ! Really , it's so beautiful . You like it . Well , I'll gather in for you . You mustn't pick it in this place . Where it is ?
Good morning , sir . Is there a bank near here ? There is one . 5 blocks away from here ? Well , that's too far . Can you change some money for me ? Surely , of course . What kind of currency have you got ? RIB .
There is one . 5 blocks away from here ? Well , that's too far . Can you change some money for me ? Surely , of course . What kind of currency have you got ? RIB . How much would you like to change ?
Well , Mr . Smith . That's a nasty infection you have . Yes . Is there anything you can give me to get rid of it , doctor ? I'm going to prescribe some antibiotics and some cream to ease the itching and burning . Ok , thank you ! Where should I buy them ? The pharmacy will give you a discount since you came to the clinic .
Yes . Is there anything you can give me to get rid of it , doctor ? I'm going to prescribe some antibiotics and some cream to ease the itching and burning . Ok , thank you ! Where should I buy them ? The pharmacy will give you a discount since you came to the clinic . Great ! What floor is pharmacy on ?
I'm going to prescribe some antibiotics and some cream to ease the itching and burning . Ok , thank you ! Where should I buy them ? The pharmacy will give you a discount since you came to the clinic . Great ! What floor is pharmacy on ? The fourth . I'll send the prescription down there so you can just pick it up on your way out .
Please put your baggage on the counter and open it , let me have a look . Yes , sir . Please examine it . Anything subject to duty in your suitcase ? No , sir . Nothing except my personal belongings , such as clothes , notebooks and some gifts . Any cigarettes or liquor ?
Yes , sir . Please examine it . Anything subject to duty in your suitcase ? No , sir . Nothing except my personal belongings , such as clothes , notebooks and some gifts . Any cigarettes or liquor ? I have cigarettes for my own use .
Anything subject to duty in your suitcase ? No , sir . Nothing except my personal belongings , such as clothes , notebooks and some gifts . Any cigarettes or liquor ? I have cigarettes for my own use . I think you'll have to pay some duty on these cigarettes because they exceed the quota . And this article is liable for duty .
No , sir . Nothing except my personal belongings , such as clothes , notebooks and some gifts . Any cigarettes or liquor ? I have cigarettes for my own use . I think you'll have to pay some duty on these cigarettes because they exceed the quota . And this article is liable for duty . How much duty should I pay ?
Any cigarettes or liquor ? I have cigarettes for my own use . I think you'll have to pay some duty on these cigarettes because they exceed the quota . And this article is liable for duty . How much duty should I pay ? One hundred dollars .
I have cigarettes for my own use . I think you'll have to pay some duty on these cigarettes because they exceed the quota . And this article is liable for duty . How much duty should I pay ? One hundred dollars . Here is the money .
I think you'll have to pay some duty on these cigarettes because they exceed the quota . And this article is liable for duty . How much duty should I pay ? One hundred dollars . Here is the money . Just a moment . I'll make out your duty memo . ( Writing and giving the memo to Mr . Green ) Take it and pay the girl over there .
Comfort Inn , may I help you ? I ' m looking for a hotel near the convention center . You ' re in luck ! We ' re just a two-minute drive from there . Would you like to make a reservation ? Not just yet . I have one or two questions . How much for a single ? During the peak season , a single room goes for 50 dollars on a night . But we ' Ve got a Single Super Saver Special going on right now -- only $ 30 a night . And we ' Ve also extended our checkout time 00 in
I ' m looking for a hotel near the convention center . You ' re in luck ! We ' re just a two-minute drive from there . Would you like to make a reservation ? Not just yet . I have one or two questions . How much for a single ? During the peak season , a single room goes for 50 dollars on a night . But we ' Ve got a Single Super Saver Special going on right now -- only $ 30 a night . And we ' Ve also extended our checkout time 00 in That ' s a good deal . Since this is a working trip , I wonder if you have meeting rooms where I can get together with some clients .
You ' re in luck ! We ' re just a two-minute drive from there . Would you like to make a reservation ? Not just yet . I have one or two questions . How much for a single ? During the peak season , a single room goes for 50 dollars on a night . But we ' Ve got a Single Super Saver Special going on right now -- only $ 30 a night . And we ' Ve also extended our checkout time 00 in That ' s a good deal . Since this is a working trip , I wonder if you have meeting rooms where I can get together with some clients . Yes , we have five meeting rooms , of various sizes . We can accommodate large meetings and small , informal gatherings as well . Of course , if you have many small meeting , you might consider checking
Not just yet . I have one or two questions . How much for a single ? During the peak season , a single room goes for 50 dollars on a night . But we ' Ve got a Single Super Saver Special going on right now -- only $ 30 a night . And we ' Ve also extended our checkout time 00 in That ' s a good deal . Since this is a working trip , I wonder if you have meeting rooms where I can get together with some clients . Yes , we have five meeting rooms , of various sizes . We can accommodate large meetings and small , informal gatherings as well . Of course , if you have many small meeting , you might consider checking That sounds great . Do you accept checks ?
What ' s up ? I guess there is some kind of virus seeking into my computer , I can ' t send out this e-mail . Do you have the number of the text port ? Do you mind I have a look at your computer ? Of course not , I appreciate that . Well , it has nothing to do with virus . The problem is your attachment is a bit larger . It has exceeded the e-mail capacity .
I guess there is some kind of virus seeking into my computer , I can ' t send out this e-mail . Do you have the number of the text port ? Do you mind I have a look at your computer ? Of course not , I appreciate that . Well , it has nothing to do with virus . The problem is your attachment is a bit larger . It has exceeded the e-mail capacity . I see . What can I do now ?
Hi , I'm George . I'll be your waiter this evening . Are you ready to order or do you need a few more minutes ? I'm ready now . I'd like the roast chicken and a side order of corn . And would you like an appetizer before your meal ? The soup of the day is our delicious tomato soup . I'll pass on the soup , but I'd like a garden salad . Can I get you anything to drink ?
I'm ready now . I'd like the roast chicken and a side order of corn . And would you like an appetizer before your meal ? The soup of the day is our delicious tomato soup . I'll pass on the soup , but I'd like a garden salad . Can I get you anything to drink ? Yes , I'd like a glass of iced tea .
And would you like an appetizer before your meal ? The soup of the day is our delicious tomato soup . I'll pass on the soup , but I'd like a garden salad . Can I get you anything to drink ? Yes , I'd like a glass of iced tea . Okay . I'll be back in a minute with your drink and salad .
Hello ? Hi , Deborah ! This is John . I'm calling from Australia . What are you doing in Australia ? I'm attending a conference in Sydney this week . Remember ? Oh , right . What time is it there ?
Hi , Deborah ! This is John . I'm calling from Australia . What are you doing in Australia ? I'm attending a conference in Sydney this week . Remember ? Oh , right . What time is it there ? It's 10:00 P . M . And it's four o'clock in Los Angeles , right ?
What are you doing in Australia ? I'm attending a conference in Sydney this week . Remember ? Oh , right . What time is it there ? It's 10:00 P . M . And it's four o'clock in Los Angeles , right ? Yes - four o'clock in the morning .
I'm attending a conference in Sydney this week . Remember ? Oh , right . What time is it there ? It's 10:00 P . M . And it's four o'clock in Los Angeles , right ? Yes - four o'clock in the morning . 4:00 A . M . ? I'm really sorry .
Oh , damn . There ' s another traffic jam on the highway . How can there be a traffic jam on a 16 - lane highway every day ? There are just too many people , and too many cars . I wonder if there was an accident . No , they just said it too many people were trying to get off at the Capitol exits .
How can there be a traffic jam on a 16 - lane highway every day ? There are just too many people , and too many cars . I wonder if there was an accident . No , they just said it too many people were trying to get off at the Capitol exits . Well , let ' s put on some music . We ' re going to be stuck in this for a while .
There are just too many people , and too many cars . I wonder if there was an accident . No , they just said it too many people were trying to get off at the Capitol exits . Well , let ' s put on some music . We ' re going to be stuck in this for a while . All right , what do you want to listen to ?
I wonder if there was an accident . No , they just said it too many people were trying to get off at the Capitol exits . Well , let ' s put on some music . We ' re going to be stuck in this for a while . All right , what do you want to listen to ? How about some Beatles ?
Here is the document you asked for this morning . Oh , you are so efficient . I thought you might give it to me tomorrow . Thanks . You ' re welcome . You know , these days I have been reflecting on my biggest weakness procrastination . The more I think about it , the more I hate myself for being so disorganized . I decided to change the situation as soon as possible . Otherwise I will be more regretful later . This is encouraging news , good for you ! What is your solution , then ? The most useful method is to make plans and set priorities . It helps me to manage time well and get the most important things done at the first place .
Well , Peter , you have to do better than that next time , won ' t you ? Have I really got to do those exams again , Dad ? Of course , you have . You must try harder this time . And must I go back to school ? No , you needn ' t do that . You ' d better get a part-time job somewhere and go to evening classes .
Have I really got to do those exams again , Dad ? Of course , you have . You must try harder this time . And must I go back to school ? No , you needn ' t do that . You ' d better get a part-time job somewhere and go to evening classes . But Dad , I should be working full-time at my age . I ' m nearly 17 .
Of course , you have . You must try harder this time . And must I go back to school ? No , you needn ' t do that . You ' d better get a part-time job somewhere and go to evening classes . But Dad , I should be working full-time at my age . I ' m nearly 17 . You ought to have worked harder then you wouldn ' t have failed your exams . You have to take a job and study .
And must I go back to school ? No , you needn ' t do that . You ' d better get a part-time job somewhere and go to evening classes . But Dad , I should be working full-time at my age . I ' m nearly 17 . You ought to have worked harder then you wouldn ' t have failed your exams . You have to take a job and study . What else I ' Ve got to do ? Join the army ?
Good morning , sir . Can I help you ? Yes , I need to check-in for the eleven 20 flight to New York , please . O . K . Ticket , please . Here you are . Would you like a window or an aisle seat , Mr . Smith ?
Yes , I need to check-in for the eleven 20 flight to New York , please . O . K . Ticket , please . Here you are . Would you like a window or an aisle seat , Mr . Smith ? I want an aisle seat as close to the exit door as possible , please .
O . K . Ticket , please . Here you are . Would you like a window or an aisle seat , Mr . Smith ? I want an aisle seat as close to the exit door as possible , please . Very well . Do you have any bags to check ?
Here you are . Would you like a window or an aisle seat , Mr . Smith ? I want an aisle seat as close to the exit door as possible , please . Very well . Do you have any bags to check ? No , I just have this one small bag .
Would you like a window or an aisle seat , Mr . Smith ? I want an aisle seat as close to the exit door as possible , please . Very well . Do you have any bags to check ? No , I just have this one small bag . Here you are , seat 12c . Please go to gate 23 after passing through the security checkpoint .
I want an aisle seat as close to the exit door as possible , please . Very well . Do you have any bags to check ? No , I just have this one small bag . Here you are , seat 12c . Please go to gate 23 after passing through the security checkpoint . Thank you .
Very well . Do you have any bags to check ? No , I just have this one small bag . Here you are , seat 12c . Please go to gate 23 after passing through the security checkpoint . Thank you . Have a nice day .
Ahh ... What a fine day ! I do feel like an outdoor exercise . How about taking a walk in the park ? OK . It ' s delightful to have a walk in the park with the air so fresh . ( After they enter the park ) Oh , it's so quiet here . We have the park to ourselves , only you and me ! Don't you see many people over there ? Just on your left .
How about taking a walk in the park ? OK . It ' s delightful to have a walk in the park with the air so fresh . ( After they enter the park ) Oh , it's so quiet here . We have the park to ourselves , only you and me ! Don't you see many people over there ? Just on your left . Oh , I see them . Some are doing Taijiquan , some are performing swordplay , some are practising the Chinese Wushu .
Hello , this is Hilton Hotel . How may I help you ? Hi . I would like to make a reservation on this Friday . OK . What kind of room do you want ? We have single rooms , twin rooms , double rooms and suites available on Friday . I want a single room with ocean view . Do you have one ? Let me check . Yes .
Hi . I would like to make a reservation on this Friday . OK . What kind of room do you want ? We have single rooms , twin rooms , double rooms and suites available on Friday . I want a single room with ocean view . Do you have one ? Let me check . Yes . OK . I will take it .
OK . What kind of room do you want ? We have single rooms , twin rooms , double rooms and suites available on Friday . I want a single room with ocean view . Do you have one ? Let me check . Yes . OK . I will take it . When do you check in ? How long are you planning to stay ? Do you have any special requirements ?
I want a single room with ocean view . Do you have one ? Let me check . Yes . OK . I will take it . When do you check in ? How long are you planning to stay ? Do you have any special requirements ? I guess I am going to arrive at 9:00 in the morning and I would like to leave at 200 in the afternoon on Sunday . Please give me a room away from the elevator . I hate noises while I am sleeping .
What's the matter ? Checking out , please . Can I have your keys , please ? Thank you . Here's your statement . Excuse me . What are these charges ? Oh , these are the phone charges and these are for something from the bar .
Checking out , please . Can I have your keys , please ? Thank you . Here's your statement . Excuse me . What are these charges ? Oh , these are the phone charges and these are for something from the bar . Wait a minute . I made a phone call , but I never made a connection .
Can I have your keys , please ? Thank you . Here's your statement . Excuse me . What are these charges ? Oh , these are the phone charges and these are for something from the bar . Wait a minute . I made a phone call , but I never made a connection . I know , sir . Those aren't telephone company charges . Those are hotel charges .
Excuse me . What are these charges ? Oh , these are the phone charges and these are for something from the bar . Wait a minute . I made a phone call , but I never made a connection . I know , sir . Those aren't telephone company charges . Those are hotel charges . Isn't that a bit excessive ?
Oh , these are the phone charges and these are for something from the bar . Wait a minute . I made a phone call , but I never made a connection . I know , sir . Those aren't telephone company charges . Those are hotel charges . Isn't that a bit excessive ? I'm sorry , sir . It's our policy .
Wait a minute . I made a phone call , but I never made a connection . I know , sir . Those aren't telephone company charges . Those are hotel charges . Isn't that a bit excessive ? I'm sorry , sir . It's our policy . OK . Here is the money .
I am a student in Cambridge University . I read your ad , I want to know something more about your room , please ? It's a big bedroom with a drawing room , facing a beautiful wood . Is there a bathroom ? No , but there is one downstairs , which my daughter used some years ago . It sounds good . Could I go and see it myself ?
It's a big bedroom with a drawing room , facing a beautiful wood . Is there a bathroom ? No , but there is one downstairs , which my daughter used some years ago . It sounds good . Could I go and see it myself ? Certainly , you're welcome anytime .
Is there a bathroom ? No , but there is one downstairs , which my daughter used some years ago . It sounds good . Could I go and see it myself ? Certainly , you're welcome anytime . See you later !
No , but there is one downstairs , which my daughter used some years ago . It sounds good . Could I go and see it myself ? Certainly , you're welcome anytime . See you later ! ( after a while ) Good afternoon , Mrs . Smith . I called you just now .
It sounds good . Could I go and see it myself ? Certainly , you're welcome anytime . See you later ! ( after a while ) Good afternoon , Mrs . Smith . I called you just now . Welcome ! Come in , please !
Certainly , you're welcome anytime . See you later ! ( after a while ) Good afternoon , Mrs . Smith . I called you just now . Welcome ! Come in , please ! Yes .
See you later ! ( after a while ) Good afternoon , Mrs . Smith . I called you just now . Welcome ! Come in , please ! Yes . This way please . Your room is upstairs ... Here it is .
( after a while ) Good afternoon , Mrs . Smith . I called you just now . Welcome ! Come in , please ! Yes . This way please . Your room is upstairs ... Here it is . Wonderful ! A modest , comfortable room . Ah , a beautiful window , through which I can see a beautiful scene , and hear the birds singing . How nice !
Welcome ! Come in , please ! Yes . This way please . Your room is upstairs ... Here it is . Wonderful ! A modest , comfortable room . Ah , a beautiful window , through which I can see a beautiful scene , and hear the birds singing . How nice ! Yes , if you want to wash something , there is a separate lavatory room outside .
Yes . This way please . Your room is upstairs ... Here it is . Wonderful ! A modest , comfortable room . Ah , a beautiful window , through which I can see a beautiful scene , and hear the birds singing . How nice ! Yes , if you want to wash something , there is a separate lavatory room outside . Excellent ! I like it ! When can I move in ?
This way please . Your room is upstairs ... Here it is . Wonderful ! A modest , comfortable room . Ah , a beautiful window , through which I can see a beautiful scene , and hear the birds singing . How nice ! Yes , if you want to wash something , there is a separate lavatory room outside . Excellent ! I like it ! When can I move in ? Anytime you like .
Is this the counter to pick up parcels ? Yes , it is . I want to pick up my parcels . Please show me your parcel order . OK . Here you are .
Yes , it is . I want to pick up my parcels . Please show me your parcel order . OK . Here you are . Let me check your parcel number . Song Ping's parcel number should be CP 06230221 5 CN . Here is your parcel .
I want to pick up my parcels . Please show me your parcel order . OK . Here you are . Let me check your parcel number . Song Ping's parcel number should be CP 06230221 5 CN . Here is your parcel . Thank you .
Doctor , save my baby , please What symptoms does he have ? He has had a fever for one day . Just now at home , he had febrile convulsions with teeth and fists clenched and eyes turned up . We were at a loss what to do . We called an ambulance and brought the baby here . How long did the convulsion last ? About 3 minutes .
What symptoms does he have ? He has had a fever for one day . Just now at home , he had febrile convulsions with teeth and fists clenched and eyes turned up . We were at a loss what to do . We called an ambulance and brought the baby here . How long did the convulsion last ? About 3 minutes . Does he have any other complaints ?
He has had a fever for one day . Just now at home , he had febrile convulsions with teeth and fists clenched and eyes turned up . We were at a loss what to do . We called an ambulance and brought the baby here . How long did the convulsion last ? About 3 minutes . Does he have any other complaints ? Three days ago , he began to cough , sneeze and have a running nose . Yesterday , he began to have a fever .
How long did the convulsion last ? About 3 minutes . Does he have any other complaints ? Three days ago , he began to cough , sneeze and have a running nose . Yesterday , he began to have a fever . Have you taken his temperature ?
About 3 minutes . Does he have any other complaints ? Three days ago , he began to cough , sneeze and have a running nose . Yesterday , he began to have a fever . Have you taken his temperature ? It was 38 ° C this morning and it was 39 ° C just now .
Does he have any other complaints ? Three days ago , he began to cough , sneeze and have a running nose . Yesterday , he began to have a fever . Have you taken his temperature ? It was 38 ° C this morning and it was 39 ° C just now . Let me examine him to see if there is any rash . No rash .
Three days ago , he began to cough , sneeze and have a running nose . Yesterday , he began to have a fever . Have you taken his temperature ? It was 38 ° C this morning and it was 39 ° C just now . Let me examine him to see if there is any rash . No rash . Is it serious ? Is it meningitis ?
Have you taken his temperature ? It was 38 ° C this morning and it was 39 ° C just now . Let me examine him to see if there is any rash . No rash . Is it serious ? Is it meningitis ? No , it is not meningitis . Just a high fever and convulsions , which results from a virus upper respiratory tract inflection .
It was 38 ° C this morning and it was 39 ° C just now . Let me examine him to see if there is any rash . No rash . Is it serious ? Is it meningitis ? No , it is not meningitis . Just a high fever and convulsions , which results from a virus upper respiratory tract inflection . Does he have to be admitted to hospital ?
Let me examine him to see if there is any rash . No rash . Is it serious ? Is it meningitis ? No , it is not meningitis . Just a high fever and convulsions , which results from a virus upper respiratory tract inflection . Does he have to be admitted to hospital ? No . No need for admission . I'll give the baby analgia nose drops to bring down the temperature first . Then I will give you a prescription . The pink tablets are used for his fever . When his temperature is over 38 ° C , give him one tablet . The other tablets are sedatives for his convulsions . The white liquid is for the cold . Give the baby plenty of water to drink .
I've brought this dress back to exchange it . That's not a problem . Leave it with me , and find something that you like . I was hoping you'd have something on sale today . We have nothing on sale today . But we're having a big sale next weekend . Is the sale going to include dresses ?
That's not a problem . Leave it with me , and find something that you like . I was hoping you'd have something on sale today . We have nothing on sale today . But we're having a big sale next weekend . Is the sale going to include dresses ? Everything you can see will be on sale .
I was hoping you'd have something on sale today . We have nothing on sale today . But we're having a big sale next weekend . Is the sale going to include dresses ? Everything you can see will be on sale . I like the sound of that . I'll just come back next weekend .
What are you reading ? Oh , it ' s the latest novel by Ray Blue . It ' s a sic-fi thriller . I thought he usually wrote horror books . He does . He ' s good at this genre too . It ' s a captivating read . We ' re going to the bookshop . Would you like to join us ?
Oh , it ' s the latest novel by Ray Blue . It ' s a sic-fi thriller . I thought he usually wrote horror books . He does . He ' s good at this genre too . It ' s a captivating read . We ' re going to the bookshop . Would you like to join us ? Yes , I would . I need to buy a textbook for my course and , as you know , I love browsing through the latest paperbacks .
I thought he usually wrote horror books . He does . He ' s good at this genre too . It ' s a captivating read . We ' re going to the bookshop . Would you like to join us ? Yes , I would . I need to buy a textbook for my course and , as you know , I love browsing through the latest paperbacks . Me too . I need something to read on the flight to New York . I can never sleep on planes . Sarah wants to pick up some children ' s books for her daughter .
He does . He ' s good at this genre too . It ' s a captivating read . We ' re going to the bookshop . Would you like to join us ? Yes , I would . I need to buy a textbook for my course and , as you know , I love browsing through the latest paperbacks . Me too . I need something to read on the flight to New York . I can never sleep on planes . Sarah wants to pick up some children ' s books for her daughter . I want to look at nelson Mandela ' s autobiography .
Have you worked out the offers . Mr . Thou ? Yes , we have . Here's our CIF quotation sheet . Please have a careful look . Are the prices on the list firm offers ? Yes . All the quotations on the list are subject to our final confirmation . I wonder whether there are any changes in your prices .
Yes , we have . Here's our CIF quotation sheet . Please have a careful look . Are the prices on the list firm offers ? Yes . All the quotations on the list are subject to our final confirmation . I wonder whether there are any changes in your prices . All these products are our best-selling lines . The prices of our products will change according to that of the international market demand . And we are always open to negotiate , especially on larger orders . What do you have in mind ?
Are the prices on the list firm offers ? Yes . All the quotations on the list are subject to our final confirmation . I wonder whether there are any changes in your prices . All these products are our best-selling lines . The prices of our products will change according to that of the international market demand . And we are always open to negotiate , especially on larger orders . What do you have in mind ? How long does your offer remain valid ? I need some time to get my supervisors on board with this plan .
Billy , you don ' t look too well . Maybe you should take the day off school . But Mom ! Today we ' re playing football ! I love football ! You ' Ve got a fever and playing football isn ' t a good idea for a boy with a fever . What ' s that on your arm ? I don ' t know . It was there when I woke up this morning . It ' s rash . I ' d better take you to see the doctor . How did you get that bruise on your leg ?
But Mom ! Today we ' re playing football ! I love football ! You ' Ve got a fever and playing football isn ' t a good idea for a boy with a fever . What ' s that on your arm ? I don ' t know . It was there when I woke up this morning . It ' s rash . I ' d better take you to see the doctor . How did you get that bruise on your leg ? I bashed it against the chair in my room .
You ' Ve got a fever and playing football isn ' t a good idea for a boy with a fever . What ' s that on your arm ? I don ' t know . It was there when I woke up this morning . It ' s rash . I ' d better take you to see the doctor . How did you get that bruise on your leg ? I bashed it against the chair in my room . Does it hurt ?
I don ' t know . It was there when I woke up this morning . It ' s rash . I ' d better take you to see the doctor . How did you get that bruise on your leg ? I bashed it against the chair in my room . Does it hurt ? A little , but not much .
It ' s rash . I ' d better take you to see the doctor . How did you get that bruise on your leg ? I bashed it against the chair in my room . Does it hurt ? A little , but not much . Here . Put this wet towel on your face to keep your temperature down . I ' ll take you to the doctor ' s after breakfast .
I bashed it against the chair in my room . Does it hurt ? A little , but not much . Here . Put this wet towel on your face to keep your temperature down . I ' ll take you to the doctor ' s after breakfast . If I ' m better this afternoon , can I go to school ?
Canton Hotel . I'd like to reserve a double room . I will be arriving next Monday , the 12th . My name is Wilson . A double room for the 12th ? The name is Wilson ? Yes , that's right . How long will you be staying ?
I'd like to reserve a double room . I will be arriving next Monday , the 12th . My name is Wilson . A double room for the 12th ? The name is Wilson ? Yes , that's right . How long will you be staying ? Three or four days , perhaps longer .
Did you see the picture of the guy on the front page of the newspaper this morning ? No . I haven't had a chance to read the paper yet . you've got to see it . It's an unbelievable picture ! What's so interesting about it ? Well , this guy fell asleep on the sofa and when he woke up , half his face had been bitten off !
No . I haven't had a chance to read the paper yet . you've got to see it . It's an unbelievable picture ! What's so interesting about it ? Well , this guy fell asleep on the sofa and when he woke up , half his face had been bitten off ! What ? How did that happen ?
you've got to see it . It's an unbelievable picture ! What's so interesting about it ? Well , this guy fell asleep on the sofa and when he woke up , half his face had been bitten off ! What ? How did that happen ? They think his dog was trying to wake him up and couldn't , so ended up biting him in his face .
What's so interesting about it ? Well , this guy fell asleep on the sofa and when he woke up , half his face had been bitten off ! What ? How did that happen ? They think his dog was trying to wake him up and couldn't , so ended up biting him in his face . Wow . What does his look like now ?
Well , this guy fell asleep on the sofa and when he woke up , half his face had been bitten off ! What ? How did that happen ? They think his dog was trying to wake him up and couldn't , so ended up biting him in his face . Wow . What does his look like now ? It looks pretty frightening . He doesn't have any lips , so all you can see are his gums and teeth . Most of his nose and chin are missing too .
What ? How did that happen ? They think his dog was trying to wake him up and couldn't , so ended up biting him in his face . Wow . What does his look like now ? It looks pretty frightening . He doesn't have any lips , so all you can see are his gums and teeth . Most of his nose and chin are missing too . What did he look like before his dog bit his face off ?
They think his dog was trying to wake him up and couldn't , so ended up biting him in his face . Wow . What does his look like now ? It looks pretty frightening . He doesn't have any lips , so all you can see are his gums and teeth . Most of his nose and chin are missing too . What did he look like before his dog bit his face off ? He was actually quite handsome . What a shame .
Wow . What does his look like now ? It looks pretty frightening . He doesn't have any lips , so all you can see are his gums and teeth . Most of his nose and chin are missing too . What did he look like before his dog bit his face off ? He was actually quite handsome . What a shame . What's he going to do now ?
Good afternoon . May I help you ? Yes , I ' m here to see Joanna Stevens . I have an appointment at four . Certainly , may I take your name ? I ' ll let her know you ' Ve arrived . Sure , it ' s Josh O ' Neil . Ms . Stevens will be with you momentarily . Can I offer you something to drink ?
Yes , I ' m here to see Joanna Stevens . I have an appointment at four . Certainly , may I take your name ? I ' ll let her know you ' Ve arrived . Sure , it ' s Josh O ' Neil . Ms . Stevens will be with you momentarily . Can I offer you something to drink ? Yes , a coffee would be nice , thank you .
Good morning . Madam . What can I do for you today ? Hello . I hope you can help me ; I'm a little worried about my new card . What seems to be the problem ? I received my new card this morning , but I'm unable to use it . Oh ? You mean , the ATM machine has eaten it ?
Hello . I hope you can help me ; I'm a little worried about my new card . What seems to be the problem ? I received my new card this morning , but I'm unable to use it . Oh ? You mean , the ATM machine has eaten it ? No , it's right here , see ? The ATM will not accept it !
What seems to be the problem ? I received my new card this morning , but I'm unable to use it . Oh ? You mean , the ATM machine has eaten it ? No , it's right here , see ? The ATM will not accept it ! You said you received your card this morning , am I right ?
I received my new card this morning , but I'm unable to use it . Oh ? You mean , the ATM machine has eaten it ? No , it's right here , see ? The ATM will not accept it ! You said you received your card this morning , am I right ? Yes . I was told it would be activated and ready to use right away . So , what's gone wrong ?
Oh ? You mean , the ATM machine has eaten it ? No , it's right here , see ? The ATM will not accept it ! You said you received your card this morning , am I right ? Yes . I was told it would be activated and ready to use right away . So , what's gone wrong ? Did you receive your PIN number yet , Madam ? You see , unless you have your new PIN number , to match your new card , you cannot use it . We usually send that separately , around one day after the card , for security reasons .
Are you interested in mountaineering ? Yes , in some sense . I should say I like mountain climbing , you know , because I'm not so professional . How about you I'm the same with you , an amateur mountain climber . I went climbing in the Rocky Mountains with my friends last summer vacation . We spent two days in the mountains . How did you spend the night there ? We pitched a tent in the night , waiting for the sunrise . Wow ! It was too beautiful .
Yes , in some sense . I should say I like mountain climbing , you know , because I'm not so professional . How about you I'm the same with you , an amateur mountain climber . I went climbing in the Rocky Mountains with my friends last summer vacation . We spent two days in the mountains . How did you spend the night there ? We pitched a tent in the night , waiting for the sunrise . Wow ! It was too beautiful . I had a similar experience , but that was on the top of Tasha Mountain in my country .
I'm the same with you , an amateur mountain climber . I went climbing in the Rocky Mountains with my friends last summer vacation . We spent two days in the mountains . How did you spend the night there ? We pitched a tent in the night , waiting for the sunrise . Wow ! It was too beautiful . I had a similar experience , but that was on the top of Tasha Mountain in my country . Tasha Mountain ? It's very famous in China , isn't ?
How did you spend the night there ? We pitched a tent in the night , waiting for the sunrise . Wow ! It was too beautiful . I had a similar experience , but that was on the top of Tasha Mountain in my country . Tasha Mountain ? It's very famous in China , isn't ? Yes . It is one of the Five Mountains .
We pitched a tent in the night , waiting for the sunrise . Wow ! It was too beautiful . I had a similar experience , but that was on the top of Tasha Mountain in my country . Tasha Mountain ? It's very famous in China , isn't ? Yes . It is one of the Five Mountains . I want to climb Tasha Mountain this summer vacation . Would you be my guide ?
I would like to open an account please . Do you have any form of ID ? I have my Tennis Club card . Is that good enough ? I ' m afraid not . It has to be a passport or a valid driver ' s license . Oh ... wait a minute ... here ' s my driver ' s license .
Do you have any form of ID ? I have my Tennis Club card . Is that good enough ? I ' m afraid not . It has to be a passport or a valid driver ' s license . Oh ... wait a minute ... here ' s my driver ' s license . OK , just fill in this application . You can sit over there . This brochure explains our services . We have free checking , and you will be given a debit card and on ATM card . There is no service
John , it ' s time to get up . It can ' t be time to get up yet . It is . Hurry up ! You ' ll be late for school . What ' s the time ? It ' s nearly half past seven .
It can ' t be time to get up yet . It is . Hurry up ! You ' ll be late for school . What ' s the time ? It ' s nearly half past seven . My watch says ten past .
It is . Hurry up ! You ' ll be late for school . What ' s the time ? It ' s nearly half past seven . My watch says ten past . It ' s slow . Hurry up ! The bus goes at twenty to eight .
What ' s the time ? It ' s nearly half past seven . My watch says ten past . It ' s slow . Hurry up ! The bus goes at twenty to eight . Are you sure half past seven ?
It ' s nearly half past seven . My watch says ten past . It ' s slow . Hurry up ! The bus goes at twenty to eight . Are you sure half past seven ? Positive . I ' ll put the radio on .
My watch says ten past . It ' s slow . Hurry up ! The bus goes at twenty to eight . Are you sure half past seven ? Positive . I ' ll put the radio on . It ' s only seven o ' clock . Your watch is fast .
It ' s slow . Hurry up ! The bus goes at twenty to eight . Are you sure half past seven ? Positive . I ' ll put the radio on . It ' s only seven o ' clock . Your watch is fast . No , it isn ' t . It ' s stopped . I forgot to wind it up last night .
Do you have a swimming pool in this hotel ? We don't have a swimming pool , sir , but we do have swim stations in the gym . I never heard of a swim station . Is that like a train or bus station ? It's just a deep bathtub with a current of water that you swim against . Holy cow ! I never heard of such a thing . How much do they cost ?
We don't have a swimming pool , sir , but we do have swim stations in the gym . I never heard of a swim station . Is that like a train or bus station ? It's just a deep bathtub with a current of water that you swim against . Holy cow ! I never heard of such a thing . How much do they cost ? As a guest , sir , you pay nothing .
I never heard of a swim station . Is that like a train or bus station ? It's just a deep bathtub with a current of water that you swim against . Holy cow ! I never heard of such a thing . How much do they cost ? As a guest , sir , you pay nothing . This sounds better every second . Now , when can I use the stations ?
It's just a deep bathtub with a current of water that you swim against . Holy cow ! I never heard of such a thing . How much do they cost ? As a guest , sir , you pay nothing . This sounds better every second . Now , when can I use the stations ? If you want to swim , you can visit the gym any day between 7 a . m . and 10 p . m .
Holy cow ! I never heard of such a thing . How much do they cost ? As a guest , sir , you pay nothing . This sounds better every second . Now , when can I use the stations ? If you want to swim , you can visit the gym any day between 7 a . m . and 10 p . m . Oh , boy ! This is going to be great . I'm going to the gym right now !
Good evening , Mr . Lee and thank you for choosing our airline . We have just discovered that this flight is overbooked . Would you like to volunteer to give up your seat ? Overbooked ? Give up my seat ? I don ' t understand . From time to time we have a situation in which there are more passengers than there are seats on the aircraft . That ' s overbooked . I know what overbooked is , I just don ' t understand how that could happen ? Actually it ' s a common practice to overbook , as passengers often don ' t take their flight as scheduled . Most of the time there is no problem but today , more passengers arrived than we have seats ,
Overbooked ? Give up my seat ? I don ' t understand . From time to time we have a situation in which there are more passengers than there are seats on the aircraft . That ' s overbooked . I know what overbooked is , I just don ' t understand how that could happen ? Actually it ' s a common practice to overbook , as passengers often don ' t take their flight as scheduled . Most of the time there is no problem but today , more passengers arrived than we have seats , So who has to stay behind ?
From time to time we have a situation in which there are more passengers than there are seats on the aircraft . That ' s overbooked . I know what overbooked is , I just don ' t understand how that could happen ? Actually it ' s a common practice to overbook , as passengers often don ' t take their flight as scheduled . Most of the time there is no problem but today , more passengers arrived than we have seats , So who has to stay behind ? Well , first we ask for volunteers . If someone like yourself volunteers , they receive a free round trip ticket to be used within one year . If no one volunteers we just have to select someone .
We came too early . There're still three hours before the performance starts . I know . Sorry , I shouldn't have rushed you , but I just couldn't stay at home and wait . Never mind . What about taking a look around the theater ? Why not ? I'd love to do that . Here we go . There is a museum of the Beijing Opera art .
I know . Sorry , I shouldn't have rushed you , but I just couldn't stay at home and wait . Never mind . What about taking a look around the theater ? Why not ? I'd love to do that . Here we go . There is a museum of the Beijing Opera art . Wow . Look at this . So delicate and beautiful . Did ancient Chinese people really wear them ?
Never mind . What about taking a look around the theater ? Why not ? I'd love to do that . Here we go . There is a museum of the Beijing Opera art . Wow . Look at this . So delicate and beautiful . Did ancient Chinese people really wear them ? Not really . They are just opera costumes . Do you like the embroidery ?
Why not ? I'd love to do that . Here we go . There is a museum of the Beijing Opera art . Wow . Look at this . So delicate and beautiful . Did ancient Chinese people really wear them ? Not really . They are just opera costumes . Do you like the embroidery ? I surely do . They must have had advanced machine in ancient China to do that .
Here we go . There is a museum of the Beijing Opera art . Wow . Look at this . So delicate and beautiful . Did ancient Chinese people really wear them ? Not really . They are just opera costumes . Do you like the embroidery ? I surely do . They must have had advanced machine in ancient China to do that . No , no , no . They are all handmade , girl . You know , the ancient Chinese women were supposed to be good at needlework .
Good afternoon , ma'am . May I help you ? Yes . Can I deposit valuables here ? Of course , you can . Please put your articles in this bag and seal it . OK . Thank you . Here is your tag .
Yes . Can I deposit valuables here ? Of course , you can . Please put your articles in this bag and seal it . OK . Thank you . Here is your tag . Would you tell me the rate per day for depositing my bag ?
Of course , you can . Please put your articles in this bag and seal it . OK . Thank you . Here is your tag . Would you tell me the rate per day for depositing my bag ? Sure , madam . Only one dollar .
OK . Thank you . Here is your tag . Would you tell me the rate per day for depositing my bag ? Sure , madam . Only one dollar . When does the cloakroom close ?
Thank you . Here is your tag . Would you tell me the rate per day for depositing my bag ? Sure , madam . Only one dollar . When does the cloakroom close ? This cloakroom is open until 10 p . m .
Would you tell me the rate per day for depositing my bag ? Sure , madam . Only one dollar . When does the cloakroom close ? This cloakroom is open until 10 p . m . Oh , dear ! I won't be back until about 11:30 tonight . Where can I pick up my bag ?
Sure , madam . Only one dollar . When does the cloakroom close ? This cloakroom is open until 10 p . m . Oh , dear ! I won't be back until about 11:30 tonight . Where can I pick up my bag ? We will transfer your bag to the Lobby Floor Cloakroom . You may collect it there , madam .
When does the cloakroom close ? This cloakroom is open until 10 p . m . Oh , dear ! I won't be back until about 11:30 tonight . Where can I pick up my bag ? We will transfer your bag to the Lobby Floor Cloakroom . You may collect it there , madam . I see . Thanks a lot .
I want to send some money to Australia . Could you handle it for me ? Yes , madam , how much would you like to remit ? 2,000 AD $ . Which would you like to remit , by mail or by cable ? What is the difference between them ?
Yes , madam , how much would you like to remit ? 2,000 AD $ . Which would you like to remit , by mail or by cable ? What is the difference between them ? The cable will take less time for your account , in the meantime , the regular service charge is also higher than that of the mail one .
2,000 AD $ . Which would you like to remit , by mail or by cable ? What is the difference between them ? The cable will take less time for your account , in the meantime , the regular service charge is also higher than that of the mail one . Well , I think the cable is better .
Which would you like to remit , by mail or by cable ? What is the difference between them ? The cable will take less time for your account , in the meantime , the regular service charge is also higher than that of the mail one . Well , I think the cable is better . OK , please fill in the application form giving the name and address of beneficiary , your name and telephone .
What is the difference between them ? The cable will take less time for your account , in the meantime , the regular service charge is also higher than that of the mail one . Well , I think the cable is better . OK , please fill in the application form giving the name and address of beneficiary , your name and telephone . All right . Here you are .
The cable will take less time for your account , in the meantime , the regular service charge is also higher than that of the mail one . Well , I think the cable is better . OK , please fill in the application form giving the name and address of beneficiary , your name and telephone . All right . Here you are . Everything is OK . The commission is 50 yuan .
I would like to order a waistcoat . Have you chosen the material ? Yes , I want it to made of tweed . Fine . And the charge is $ 100 . When will it be available ?
Please come in and sit down . I'm happy to finally meet you . Same here . I've been looking forward to this . I ' m sorry I kept you waiting so long . I'm running a little late today . No problem . That happens to all of us , it goes badly with the traffic . Thank you . Can I offer you some refreshment ?
Hi , I would like to return this TV . Sure , do you have the receipt ? Yeah here you go . Actually I also want to return this keyboard . Ok . may I ask what is the reason for returning these products ? The TV flickers a lot when I am watching a movie and at times the image is not very clear .
Sure , do you have the receipt ? Yeah here you go . Actually I also want to return this keyboard . Ok . may I ask what is the reason for returning these products ? The TV flickers a lot when I am watching a movie and at times the image is not very clear . I see , and what about the keyboard ?
Yeah here you go . Actually I also want to return this keyboard . Ok . may I ask what is the reason for returning these products ? The TV flickers a lot when I am watching a movie and at times the image is not very clear . I see , and what about the keyboard ? I spilled some coffee on it and now it won't work .
Ok . may I ask what is the reason for returning these products ? The TV flickers a lot when I am watching a movie and at times the image is not very clear . I see , and what about the keyboard ? I spilled some coffee on it and now it won't work . I am sorry mam , but we can only exchange or refund defective products , we cannot take responsibility for misuse or damages .
My warmest congratulations on your promotion ! Thanks . It ' s nothing special actually . Don ' t say that . It owes to your efforts and team spirit . Oh , it was nothing . Anyone could have done it . I still have a lot to learn yet . You are very modest . Best luck in your new position .
Yes , sir . May I help you ? Please I'd like a ticket to New York . For today ? No , early saturday morning . We have a flight that we'll put you there at ten AM . Is that ok ?
Please I'd like a ticket to New York . For today ? No , early saturday morning . We have a flight that we'll put you there at ten AM . Is that ok ? Nothing earlier ? I prefer flight at nine thirty .
For today ? No , early saturday morning . We have a flight that we'll put you there at ten AM . Is that ok ? Nothing earlier ? I prefer flight at nine thirty . I'm afraid not , unless you want a night flight .
No , early saturday morning . We have a flight that we'll put you there at ten AM . Is that ok ? Nothing earlier ? I prefer flight at nine thirty . I'm afraid not , unless you want a night flight . No , exactly not
We have a flight that we'll put you there at ten AM . Is that ok ? Nothing earlier ? I prefer flight at nine thirty . I'm afraid not , unless you want a night flight . No , exactly not How about afternoon ?
Hi ! Fiona ? I almost didn't recognize you . You are much thinner since I last saw you . Yes . I have lost about ten kilos . How did you do it ? I am on a diet . And I do more exercise regularly . What's the secret then ?
Yes . I have lost about ten kilos . How did you do it ? I am on a diet . And I do more exercise regularly . What's the secret then ? It lies in perseverance .
How did you do it ? I am on a diet . And I do more exercise regularly . What's the secret then ? It lies in perseverance . Well . It's hard for me . I can't keep doing exercise .
May , is this the Hall of Ancient China ? Yes . Look at these historical relics here , amazing ! Why are they all in glass boxes ? For protection . Some relics will turn to dust if exposed to air . So there isn't air in the glass boxes ?
Yes . Look at these historical relics here , amazing ! Why are they all in glass boxes ? For protection . Some relics will turn to dust if exposed to air . So there isn't air in the glass boxes ? No , there isn't . They are all vacuumed .
Why are they all in glass boxes ? For protection . Some relics will turn to dust if exposed to air . So there isn't air in the glass boxes ? No , there isn't . They are all vacuumed . I wonder how old these things are , thousands of years ?
For protection . Some relics will turn to dust if exposed to air . So there isn't air in the glass boxes ? No , there isn't . They are all vacuumed . I wonder how old these things are , thousands of years ? Yeah , they all come from a very ancient time .
So there isn't air in the glass boxes ? No , there isn't . They are all vacuumed . I wonder how old these things are , thousands of years ? Yeah , they all come from a very ancient time . Hey , look at the three-leg cup . I've seen it on TV .
No , there isn't . They are all vacuumed . I wonder how old these things are , thousands of years ? Yeah , they all come from a very ancient time . Hey , look at the three-leg cup . I've seen it on TV . The bronze cup was made 4,000 years ago . It's priceless !
I wonder how old these things are , thousands of years ? Yeah , they all come from a very ancient time . Hey , look at the three-leg cup . I've seen it on TV . The bronze cup was made 4,000 years ago . It's priceless ! Yeah , it has no value at all . Who will use this cup today ?
Yeah , they all come from a very ancient time . Hey , look at the three-leg cup . I've seen it on TV . The bronze cup was made 4,000 years ago . It's priceless ! Yeah , it has no value at all . Who will use this cup today ? Danny , priceless means so valuable that you can't put a price on it .
Were you a leader when you were in college ? Yes . I was Propaganda department minister of our university . Did you get any honors or awards at your university ? No . It ' s a pity about it . Were you involved in any club activities at your university ?
Yes . I was Propaganda department minister of our university . Did you get any honors or awards at your university ? No . It ' s a pity about it . Were you involved in any club activities at your university ? Yes . I was a member of the basketball Society . I like playing basketball .
Did you get any honors or awards at your university ? No . It ' s a pity about it . Were you involved in any club activities at your university ? Yes . I was a member of the basketball Society . I like playing basketball . What extracurricular activities did you usually take part in at your college ?
Can you tell me , Ms . Smith , about the training programs you initiated this year ? We ran a call center training service and language program to ensure that our customer service representatives are well trained . What ' s the result ? We directly attribute an increase in our customer service feedback of 50 % to the increase in language skills and training that our employees have received . That seems very impressive . Good work !
Excuse me . We're leaving today . I'd like to pay our bills now . OK . By the way , I'd like to tell you that the check-out time is 12 I see . Have you used any hotel services this morning or had breakfast at the hotel dining room , Mr . Green ? Yes , my friend and I just had breakfast at the dining room , but we didn't use any services .
OK . By the way , I'd like to tell you that the check-out time is 12 I see . Have you used any hotel services this morning or had breakfast at the hotel dining room , Mr . Green ? Yes , my friend and I just had breakfast at the dining room , but we didn't use any services . How about the charge for the days you shared the room with your friend ?
I see . Have you used any hotel services this morning or had breakfast at the hotel dining room , Mr . Green ? Yes , my friend and I just had breakfast at the dining room , but we didn't use any services . How about the charge for the days you shared the room with your friend ? Please add to my account .
Have you used any hotel services this morning or had breakfast at the hotel dining room , Mr . Green ? Yes , my friend and I just had breakfast at the dining room , but we didn't use any services . How about the charge for the days you shared the room with your friend ? Please add to my account . The total for the eight days is five hundred sixty yuan .
We need to call an emergency meeting as soon as possible about this . OK . Let me send a memo around . Schedule it for this afternoon , when Ken gets back . I don ' t think he ' s back today . Oh , that ' s right . Go ahead anyways . I ' ll fill him in . We can ' t lose this order under any circumstances !
Is this the baggage claim area for flight KB256 ? Yes , we are on the same plane . But I am a transfer passenger . I have a connecting flight to Miami . So you have to bring your baggage to the transfer check-in area . Yes . It ' s quite troublesome .
Oh , gosh ! I feel everything around me is against me . Don't take it too hard . There are some tips you should know in job-hunting of 2010 . Well , I am all ears . Maybe they are helpful . Firstly , you must always show your best to the interviewer . And secondly , try to avoid spamming through e-mails , because this will make the reader go crazy . The last but not the least , there is no substitute for pounding the pavement in such a digital age . I understand what you mean , and I will not upset myself . Face it .
Excuse me . Could you please tell me how to get to the nearest cinema ? Turn left at the second light . You can't miss it . Will it take me long to get there ? No . It's not far at all . Thank you very much .
I would like to speak to you , if you don ' t mind . What would you like to speak to me about ? I would like to talk to you about this year ' s election . Is that right ? I am a volunteer for this year ' s campaign .
What would you like to speak to me about ? I would like to talk to you about this year ' s election . Is that right ? I am a volunteer for this year ' s campaign . That ' s wonderful . I am impressed at someone so young taking a stand .
I would like to talk to you about this year ' s election . Is that right ? I am a volunteer for this year ' s campaign . That ' s wonderful . I am impressed at someone so young taking a stand . I know history is about to be made , and I would like to be a part of it .
Is that right ? I am a volunteer for this year ' s campaign . That ' s wonderful . I am impressed at someone so young taking a stand . I know history is about to be made , and I would like to be a part of it . That ' s fantastic .
I am a volunteer for this year ' s campaign . That ' s wonderful . I am impressed at someone so young taking a stand . I know history is about to be made , and I would like to be a part of it . That ' s fantastic . Are you planning on voting ?
That ' s wonderful . I am impressed at someone so young taking a stand . I know history is about to be made , and I would like to be a part of it . That ' s fantastic . Are you planning on voting ? I ' m going to vote .
I know history is about to be made , and I would like to be a part of it . That ' s fantastic . Are you planning on voting ? I ' m going to vote . Go to your polling place early on Election Day .
Would you help me figure out what to do about the office party ? I would be happy to help . What would you like me to help with , food or entertainment ? I would like to help you with both . That will work out fine . To make sure everything goes together , do you think this party should be casual or dressy ? A dressy party would be fun !
I would be happy to help . What would you like me to help with , food or entertainment ? I would like to help you with both . That will work out fine . To make sure everything goes together , do you think this party should be casual or dressy ? A dressy party would be fun ! That will work out fine . Do you think that Chinese or Continental food would be best ?
I would like to help you with both . That will work out fine . To make sure everything goes together , do you think this party should be casual or dressy ? A dressy party would be fun ! That will work out fine . Do you think that Chinese or Continental food would be best ? We should probably have both .
That will work out fine . To make sure everything goes together , do you think this party should be casual or dressy ? A dressy party would be fun ! That will work out fine . Do you think that Chinese or Continental food would be best ? We should probably have both . Yes , that will work out fine . Should we hire a band or bring in a DJ ?
A dressy party would be fun ! That will work out fine . Do you think that Chinese or Continental food would be best ? We should probably have both . Yes , that will work out fine . Should we hire a band or bring in a DJ ? Maybe we could do both !
Smells good ! What ' s for breakfast ? Well , since we are getting up so late , I decided to make a big breakfast ! Nice ! Brunch ! Kind of , so I made scrambled and soft boiled eggs , some french toast and buttermilk pancakes ! Wow ! You really went all out ! Did you make any coffee ?
Well , since we are getting up so late , I decided to make a big breakfast ! Nice ! Brunch ! Kind of , so I made scrambled and soft boiled eggs , some french toast and buttermilk pancakes ! Wow ! You really went all out ! Did you make any coffee ? Yeah , just the way you like it ! I also put out some cereal and muesli if you feel like having something more light .
Nice ! Brunch ! Kind of , so I made scrambled and soft boiled eggs , some french toast and buttermilk pancakes ! Wow ! You really went all out ! Did you make any coffee ? Yeah , just the way you like it ! I also put out some cereal and muesli if you feel like having something more light . Looks good ! I ' ll squeeze us some fresh orange juice .
Come in , please . Good morning ! I am Anna Lu . I've come for an interview which was arranged . Oh , I see . I am Jack White , Personnel Manager . Take a seat , please . Glad to meet you , Mr . White . Miss Lu , have you got any experience in restaurant service ?
Good morning ! I am Anna Lu . I've come for an interview which was arranged . Oh , I see . I am Jack White , Personnel Manager . Take a seat , please . Glad to meet you , Mr . White . Miss Lu , have you got any experience in restaurant service ? Yes . Since I entered college , I have been working at a fast food restaurant as a part-time waitress .
Oh , I see . I am Jack White , Personnel Manager . Take a seat , please . Glad to meet you , Mr . White . Miss Lu , have you got any experience in restaurant service ? Yes . Since I entered college , I have been working at a fast food restaurant as a part-time waitress . For how long ?
Glad to meet you , Mr . White . Miss Lu , have you got any experience in restaurant service ? Yes . Since I entered college , I have been working at a fast food restaurant as a part-time waitress . For how long ? 3 years .
Miss Lu , have you got any experience in restaurant service ? Yes . Since I entered college , I have been working at a fast food restaurant as a part-time waitress . For how long ? 3 years . Our restaurant receives a lot of foreign customers . Can you serve them in English ?
Yes . Since I entered college , I have been working at a fast food restaurant as a part-time waitress . For how long ? 3 years . Our restaurant receives a lot of foreign customers . Can you serve them in English ? That's why I applied for this job . Now I am studying Hotel English in my college , and I am quite familiar with the western courtesy and restaurant etiquette . I am sure my public relation skills will leave a strong impression on your customers .
For how long ? 3 years . Our restaurant receives a lot of foreign customers . Can you serve them in English ? That's why I applied for this job . Now I am studying Hotel English in my college , and I am quite familiar with the western courtesy and restaurant etiquette . I am sure my public relation skills will leave a strong impression on your customers . You must know our working hours are very long and overtime work is frequent .
3 years . Our restaurant receives a lot of foreign customers . Can you serve them in English ? That's why I applied for this job . Now I am studying Hotel English in my college , and I am quite familiar with the western courtesy and restaurant etiquette . I am sure my public relation skills will leave a strong impression on your customers . You must know our working hours are very long and overtime work is frequent . I don't mind that .
Our restaurant receives a lot of foreign customers . Can you serve them in English ? That's why I applied for this job . Now I am studying Hotel English in my college , and I am quite familiar with the western courtesy and restaurant etiquette . I am sure my public relation skills will leave a strong impression on your customers . You must know our working hours are very long and overtime work is frequent . I don't mind that . I think I will give you a 3 months ' trial . The salary for this period is 800 yuan a month with no bonus . After that period if we both feel satisfied , a formal contract would be signed .
That's why I applied for this job . Now I am studying Hotel English in my college , and I am quite familiar with the western courtesy and restaurant etiquette . I am sure my public relation skills will leave a strong impression on your customers . You must know our working hours are very long and overtime work is frequent . I don't mind that . I think I will give you a 3 months ' trial . The salary for this period is 800 yuan a month with no bonus . After that period if we both feel satisfied , a formal contract would be signed . When am I supposed to start working ?
You must know our working hours are very long and overtime work is frequent . I don't mind that . I think I will give you a 3 months ' trial . The salary for this period is 800 yuan a month with no bonus . After that period if we both feel satisfied , a formal contract would be signed . When am I supposed to start working ? Next monday . Bring your resume and diploma with you .
I don't mind that . I think I will give you a 3 months ' trial . The salary for this period is 800 yuan a month with no bonus . After that period if we both feel satisfied , a formal contract would be signed . When am I supposed to start working ? Next monday . Bring your resume and diploma with you . Yes , I will . Thank you , Mr . White . Goodbye !
Congratulations , Francis . Your hard working finally pays off . I am so happy for your promotion . Thanks , Monica . Without support from you and other colleagues , I would not have made it . I hope I could get promoted some day . Tell me about your experience , ok ? Well , just saying that you wanted to get promoted is not enough , you need to write down your desirable position and an available plan for achieving that adjective . Don ' t be afraid of taking challenging . They might be opportunities and failing is not fatal . You learn more from that actually . Sometimes , you need to fail to be successful . How do you think if I volunteer for some work ?
How slowly you drive ! I'm sorry . Something is wrong with my taxi . Where does it go wrong ? Let me stop my car for check . Oh , my god . I got a flat tyre . Can it keep going ?
Well , it's illegal to bring food and drinks into the theater . Too bad . I did anyway . No wonder you brought such a big bag today . I brought Strawberry Sticks . See ? Those are the ones that are pre-dipped in sweet coating !
Oh , come on , Ultraman ! What's up , Bro ? What's in the bulletin ? It says that there will be a blackout from 5 p . m . to 7 p . m . in our neighborhood today . Blackout ? Even the TV has the limit . Don't you know you will look like a monster in the blackout ?
What's up , Bro ? What's in the bulletin ? It says that there will be a blackout from 5 p . m . to 7 p . m . in our neighborhood today . Blackout ? Even the TV has the limit . Don't you know you will look like a monster in the blackout ? Oops , no , Daddy can't watch American Idol , either !
It says that there will be a blackout from 5 p . m . to 7 p . m . in our neighborhood today . Blackout ? Even the TV has the limit . Don't you know you will look like a monster in the blackout ? Oops , no , Daddy can't watch American Idol , either ! That's not the point . Come on , can you imagine that there will be no electricity on such a hot day ?
Blackout ? Even the TV has the limit . Don't you know you will look like a monster in the blackout ? Oops , no , Daddy can't watch American Idol , either ! That's not the point . Come on , can you imagine that there will be no electricity on such a hot day ? Oh , my god ! No air-conditioner !
Don't you know you will look like a monster in the blackout ? Oops , no , Daddy can't watch American Idol , either ! That's not the point . Come on , can you imagine that there will be no electricity on such a hot day ? Oh , my god ! No air-conditioner ! OK , since you are the smart one , can you come up with a better plan ? So that we won't be baked like cookies here .
Oops , no , Daddy can't watch American Idol , either ! That's not the point . Come on , can you imagine that there will be no electricity on such a hot day ? Oh , my god ! No air-conditioner ! OK , since you are the smart one , can you come up with a better plan ? So that we won't be baked like cookies here . How about playing Barbie out there in the neighborhood ?
That's not the point . Come on , can you imagine that there will be no electricity on such a hot day ? Oh , my god ! No air-conditioner ! OK , since you are the smart one , can you come up with a better plan ? So that we won't be baked like cookies here . How about playing Barbie out there in the neighborhood ? Barbie ? You know , I might be seven , but I'm not a girl .
Oh , my god ! No air-conditioner ! OK , since you are the smart one , can you come up with a better plan ? So that we won't be baked like cookies here . How about playing Barbie out there in the neighborhood ? Barbie ? You know , I might be seven , but I'm not a girl . Do you have a better plan ?
Good morning , Mr Zhang , I wonder whether you have got an answer from your superior . Yes , we had a meting about it yesterday afternoon . What's the answer ? We decided that we could agree to your price , but we are a bit worried about the slow delivery . Let me see . I quoted your delivery in three months , didn't I ?
Yes , we had a meting about it yesterday afternoon . What's the answer ? We decided that we could agree to your price , but we are a bit worried about the slow delivery . Let me see . I quoted your delivery in three months , didn't I ? Yes , but we hope that the wool could reach us as soon as possible .
What's the answer ? We decided that we could agree to your price , but we are a bit worried about the slow delivery . Let me see . I quoted your delivery in three months , didn't I ? Yes , but we hope that the wool could reach us as soon as possible . I thought you would be worried about it . So I rang Auckland last night . As you are our biggest customer , they agreed to ship the order on the first vessel available that will leave Auckland next month .
We decided that we could agree to your price , but we are a bit worried about the slow delivery . Let me see . I quoted your delivery in three months , didn't I ? Yes , but we hope that the wool could reach us as soon as possible . I thought you would be worried about it . So I rang Auckland last night . As you are our biggest customer , they agreed to ship the order on the first vessel available that will leave Auckland next month . Good , if you agree we'll draft the agreement right away and sign it then .
Did you lock the doors ? All except the back door . I left that open for Tim . He took the dog for a walk . Well , I'm going on to bed . I'm beat . Okay . I'm going to stay up a while . I've got to go over the household budget . We're a little overspent this month . Please tell Tim to close the door to the basement . I don't want the dog down there tonight .
Isn't it past your bedtime already ? I am not sleepy . It's getting late , and you have to wake up early tomorrow . There is no way that I can fall asleep right now . Try listening to some soft music .
I am not sleepy . It's getting late , and you have to wake up early tomorrow . There is no way that I can fall asleep right now . Try listening to some soft music . It won't work . I'm nowhere close to being tired .
It's getting late , and you have to wake up early tomorrow . There is no way that I can fall asleep right now . Try listening to some soft music . It won't work . I'm nowhere close to being tired . I really don't care , just go to sleep .
There is no way that I can fall asleep right now . Try listening to some soft music . It won't work . I'm nowhere close to being tired . I really don't care , just go to sleep . What if I stay up and do something , until I get tired ?
Try listening to some soft music . It won't work . I'm nowhere close to being tired . I really don't care , just go to sleep . What if I stay up and do something , until I get tired ? You'll be up all night if I let you do that .
It won't work . I'm nowhere close to being tired . I really don't care , just go to sleep . What if I stay up and do something , until I get tired ? You'll be up all night if I let you do that . I'm going to get to sleep eventually .
I really don't care , just go to sleep . What if I stay up and do something , until I get tired ? You'll be up all night if I let you do that . I'm going to get to sleep eventually . You need to go to sleep now , so go to sleep .
Why are you reading the classifieds ? What do you need ? I'm looking for a bookcase , but I don't want to buy a new one . Are you having any luck ? Not really . There aren't any used bookcases listed . But there are a few rummage sales on Saturday . I think I'll go to them . Do you mind if I go with you ?
I'm looking for a bookcase , but I don't want to buy a new one . Are you having any luck ? Not really . There aren't any used bookcases listed . But there are a few rummage sales on Saturday . I think I'll go to them . Do you mind if I go with you ? Not at all . These private sales are great places to bargain . And sometimes you can find terrific things among all the junk .
Are you having any luck ? Not really . There aren't any used bookcases listed . But there are a few rummage sales on Saturday . I think I'll go to them . Do you mind if I go with you ? Not at all . These private sales are great places to bargain . And sometimes you can find terrific things among all the junk . I learned to negotiate from my mother . I thought I was pretty good at bargaining , but I had a problem the other day at Kimble's Department Store .
Not really . There aren't any used bookcases listed . But there are a few rummage sales on Saturday . I think I'll go to them . Do you mind if I go with you ? Not at all . These private sales are great places to bargain . And sometimes you can find terrific things among all the junk . I learned to negotiate from my mother . I thought I was pretty good at bargaining , but I had a problem the other day at Kimble's Department Store . What happened ?
Would you like something to drink ? Yes please . Do you have any teas ? Of course we have lots of teas ? What do you recommend ? What about a green tea or perhaps a jasmine tea ?
Yes please . Do you have any teas ? Of course we have lots of teas ? What do you recommend ? What about a green tea or perhaps a jasmine tea ? What ' s this one ?
Of course we have lots of teas ? What do you recommend ? What about a green tea or perhaps a jasmine tea ? What ' s this one ? That ' s Oolong tea -- it ' s a Cantonese tea .
Hi . I need more amenities , please . Could you be a little more specific , sir ? Well , to be more specific , the free stuff , like soap , lotion , and shampoo . I understand . Now , you're saying that you've already used up all your amenities ? Oh , no ! I've got all I need for my stay here .
Could you be a little more specific , sir ? Well , to be more specific , the free stuff , like soap , lotion , and shampoo . I understand . Now , you're saying that you've already used up all your amenities ? Oh , no ! I've got all I need for my stay here . So , what's the problem ?
Well , to be more specific , the free stuff , like soap , lotion , and shampoo . I understand . Now , you're saying that you've already used up all your amenities ? Oh , no ! I've got all I need for my stay here . So , what's the problem ? I need souvenirs !
I understand . Now , you're saying that you've already used up all your amenities ? Oh , no ! I've got all I need for my stay here . So , what's the problem ? I need souvenirs ! You want some souvenirs !
Oh , no ! I've got all I need for my stay here . So , what's the problem ? I need souvenirs ! You want some souvenirs ! Yes , yes . Souvenirs .
So , what's the problem ? I need souvenirs ! You want some souvenirs ! Yes , yes . Souvenirs . But , sir , our souvenir shop carries all those items .
I need souvenirs ! You want some souvenirs ! Yes , yes . Souvenirs . But , sir , our souvenir shop carries all those items . That's not the same thing . If you buy hotel souvenirs , they have no sentimental value .
Can I help you , sir ? Yes , I'd like to look at some suits . Oh , this way please . What size do you wear ? Size 41 . I want something in dark flannel . How about this one ?
Yes , I'd like to look at some suits . Oh , this way please . What size do you wear ? Size 41 . I want something in dark flannel . How about this one ? It feels all right . But if it were a darker color , I'd like it better . This seems too light for winter . Do you think you could get me one ?
Oh , this way please . What size do you wear ? Size 41 . I want something in dark flannel . How about this one ? It feels all right . But if it were a darker color , I'd like it better . This seems too light for winter . Do you think you could get me one ? All right . I'll show you something darker . Do you like this one ?
Size 41 . I want something in dark flannel . How about this one ? It feels all right . But if it were a darker color , I'd like it better . This seems too light for winter . Do you think you could get me one ? All right . I'll show you something darker . Do you like this one ? It looks good . But can I try it on ?
How about this one ? It feels all right . But if it were a darker color , I'd like it better . This seems too light for winter . Do you think you could get me one ? All right . I'll show you something darker . Do you like this one ? It looks good . But can I try it on ? Of course . Let me help you .
It feels all right . But if it were a darker color , I'd like it better . This seems too light for winter . Do you think you could get me one ? All right . I'll show you something darker . Do you like this one ? It looks good . But can I try it on ? Of course . Let me help you . Thanks . It's comfortable . Well , how much is it , please ?
All right . I'll show you something darker . Do you like this one ? It looks good . But can I try it on ? Of course . Let me help you . Thanks . It's comfortable . Well , how much is it , please ? $ 280 .
How many languages can you speak ? Besides Chinese , I can speak English and French . You mean you can read and write both of them ? No , I can only carry on a simple conversation in French . Can you read and write English well ?
Besides Chinese , I can speak English and French . You mean you can read and write both of them ? No , I can only carry on a simple conversation in French . Can you read and write English well ? I can speak the language better than read and write .
You mean you can read and write both of them ? No , I can only carry on a simple conversation in French . Can you read and write English well ? I can speak the language better than read and write . Do you speak the language well enough to communicate with people of English-speaking countries ?
No , I can only carry on a simple conversation in French . Can you read and write English well ? I can speak the language better than read and write . Do you speak the language well enough to communicate with people of English-speaking countries ? I think so . I used to be an interpreter .
Can you read and write English well ? I can speak the language better than read and write . Do you speak the language well enough to communicate with people of English-speaking countries ? I think so . I used to be an interpreter . Do you think your English is good enough to do desk work ?
I'm going to buy a new living room set . Where are you going to buy one ? I'm really not sure . You like my living room set , don't you ? Where did you buy it ?
Where are you going to buy one ? I'm really not sure . You like my living room set , don't you ? Where did you buy it ? I found mine at IKEA .
I'm really not sure . You like my living room set , don't you ? Where did you buy it ? I found mine at IKEA . Are they expensive ?
You like my living room set , don't you ? Where did you buy it ? I found mine at IKEA . Are they expensive ? Everything I got from IKEA cost me a couple thousand .
Where did you buy it ? I found mine at IKEA . Are they expensive ? Everything I got from IKEA cost me a couple thousand . Is the furniture crafted well ?
I found mine at IKEA . Are they expensive ? Everything I got from IKEA cost me a couple thousand . Is the furniture crafted well ? The furniture isn't built cheap .
Are they expensive ? Everything I got from IKEA cost me a couple thousand . Is the furniture crafted well ? The furniture isn't built cheap . I'll pay the money , as long as I'm getting what I pay for .
I'd like to make sure my plane reservation is in order . May I have your flight number , please ? World Airlines , Flight 201 . And your name , please ? John Anderson .
May I have your flight number , please ? World Airlines , Flight 201 . And your name , please ? John Anderson . Yes , sir . You're booked on Flight 201 , leaving in one hour .
Hello , ma ' am . Can I help you ? I ' m looking for a sweater . What size are you looking for ? Well , I ' m looking for size 10 but you don ' t have it . How about this one ? I think it looks terrific on you .
I ' m looking for a sweater . What size are you looking for ? Well , I ' m looking for size 10 but you don ' t have it . How about this one ? I think it looks terrific on you . Yes , I like the color . Can I try it on ?
What size are you looking for ? Well , I ' m looking for size 10 but you don ' t have it . How about this one ? I think it looks terrific on you . Yes , I like the color . Can I try it on ? Sure . The fitting room is on your right .
Well , I ' m looking for size 10 but you don ' t have it . How about this one ? I think it looks terrific on you . Yes , I like the color . Can I try it on ? Sure . The fitting room is on your right . It fits well . I like it a lot . What do you think ?
How about this one ? I think it looks terrific on you . Yes , I like the color . Can I try it on ? Sure . The fitting room is on your right . It fits well . I like it a lot . What do you think ? You look pretty in red .
Yes , I like the color . Can I try it on ? Sure . The fitting room is on your right . It fits well . I like it a lot . What do you think ? You look pretty in red . Oh , it ' s my favorite . How much is it ?
Sure . The fitting room is on your right . It fits well . I like it a lot . What do you think ? You look pretty in red . Oh , it ' s my favorite . How much is it ? $ 29 . 99 .
It fits well . I like it a lot . What do you think ? You look pretty in red . Oh , it ' s my favorite . How much is it ? $ 29 . 99 . Okay . I ' ll take it . Thank you very much for your help .
Good Morning . What can I do for you ? Good Morning , I have a bad cough , and I want to see an internist . Do you have a registration card ? No , I don ' t . I ' m a tourist . Then you need to register as a new patient . Can I have a look at you ID card ? I need your name , age , occupation , address and contacting number .
Good Morning , I have a bad cough , and I want to see an internist . Do you have a registration card ? No , I don ' t . I ' m a tourist . Then you need to register as a new patient . Can I have a look at you ID card ? I need your name , age , occupation , address and contacting number . Here you are .
Do you have a registration card ? No , I don ' t . I ' m a tourist . Then you need to register as a new patient . Can I have a look at you ID card ? I need your name , age , occupation , address and contacting number . Here you are . Thanks . Which kind of medicine do you prefer , western medicine or traditional Chinese medicine ?
No , I don ' t . I ' m a tourist . Then you need to register as a new patient . Can I have a look at you ID card ? I need your name , age , occupation , address and contacting number . Here you are . Thanks . Which kind of medicine do you prefer , western medicine or traditional Chinese medicine ? I ' d like to try traditional Chinese medicine . I heard it really works quite well if you know what you're doing .
Hello , this is Steven from Blue Sky Co . May I speak to Mr . James ? Speaking . Excuse my troubling you . You purchased our products last year and now I am following up to find out about their workings . Are they still in good condition now ? Yeah , exactly ! I bought them last year . En ... at present , they are still in good state . That's it ! All of them have first-class quality and performance . Besides , we adopt advanced technology . Now we have developed new products . They are much better than what you have bought .
Speaking . Excuse my troubling you . You purchased our products last year and now I am following up to find out about their workings . Are they still in good condition now ? Yeah , exactly ! I bought them last year . En ... at present , they are still in good state . That's it ! All of them have first-class quality and performance . Besides , we adopt advanced technology . Now we have developed new products . They are much better than what you have bought . Your company is developing so fast . Maybe later on I will plan to buy more .
Excuse my troubling you . You purchased our products last year and now I am following up to find out about their workings . Are they still in good condition now ? Yeah , exactly ! I bought them last year . En ... at present , they are still in good state . That's it ! All of them have first-class quality and performance . Besides , we adopt advanced technology . Now we have developed new products . They are much better than what you have bought . Your company is developing so fast . Maybe later on I will plan to buy more . That's great ! Thanks for your support . If any , please remember to call us . I am afraid I have to say goodbye now ! Bye , Mr . James !
My name is Mary , and I will be your waitress tonight . Thank you , Mary . We have been looking forward to trying out this restaurant . Before your main course , would you like to order an appetizer ? Sure , that sounds great . Where are your appetizers listed ? There is a special appetizer menu right here in the center of the table .
Thank you , Mary . We have been looking forward to trying out this restaurant . Before your main course , would you like to order an appetizer ? Sure , that sounds great . Where are your appetizers listed ? There is a special appetizer menu right here in the center of the table . The chicken and cheese quesadilla looks good . Is that pretty good ?
Before your main course , would you like to order an appetizer ? Sure , that sounds great . Where are your appetizers listed ? There is a special appetizer menu right here in the center of the table . The chicken and cheese quesadilla looks good . Is that pretty good ? You know , that is one of my favorites !
Sure , that sounds great . Where are your appetizers listed ? There is a special appetizer menu right here in the center of the table . The chicken and cheese quesadilla looks good . Is that pretty good ? You know , that is one of my favorites ! OK , I'll take one order of that .
There is a special appetizer menu right here in the center of the table . The chicken and cheese quesadilla looks good . Is that pretty good ? You know , that is one of my favorites ! OK , I'll take one order of that . You could choose another appetizer for half price to share .
Excuse me . Do you speak English ? Yes , I do . How can I help you ? Well , I've just arrived in my room , but there are no instructions in English about the facilities available ! Could you help me for a moment ? Of course not . What exactly would you like to know ? First , what is the number for room service ?
Yes , I do . How can I help you ? Well , I've just arrived in my room , but there are no instructions in English about the facilities available ! Could you help me for a moment ? Of course not . What exactly would you like to know ? First , what is the number for room service ? It's 1200 . Room service is available 24 hours a day .
Well , I've just arrived in my room , but there are no instructions in English about the facilities available ! Could you help me for a moment ? Of course not . What exactly would you like to know ? First , what is the number for room service ? It's 1200 . Room service is available 24 hours a day . Very good . Now , could you help me to adjust the air conditioning , please ? It's too hot in my room .
Of course not . What exactly would you like to know ? First , what is the number for room service ? It's 1200 . Room service is available 24 hours a day . Very good . Now , could you help me to adjust the air conditioning , please ? It's too hot in my room . Yes , the control unit is on the wall next to the bathroom . Is 24 ° C all right ?
First , what is the number for room service ? It's 1200 . Room service is available 24 hours a day . Very good . Now , could you help me to adjust the air conditioning , please ? It's too hot in my room . Yes , the control unit is on the wall next to the bathroom . Is 24 ° C all right ? Yes , that's perfect . Another thing , if need more items for the mini-bar , which Number should I call ?
It's 1200 . Room service is available 24 hours a day . Very good . Now , could you help me to adjust the air conditioning , please ? It's too hot in my room . Yes , the control unit is on the wall next to the bathroom . Is 24 ° C all right ? Yes , that's perfect . Another thing , if need more items for the mini-bar , which Number should I call ? You should call the Housekeeping Department on 2300 . They will replace any stock for you immediately .
Very good . Now , could you help me to adjust the air conditioning , please ? It's too hot in my room . Yes , the control unit is on the wall next to the bathroom . Is 24 ° C all right ? Yes , that's perfect . Another thing , if need more items for the mini-bar , which Number should I call ? You should call the Housekeeping Department on 2300 . They will replace any stock for you immediately . I see . So , is it possible to make international phone calls from my room ?
Yes , the control unit is on the wall next to the bathroom . Is 24 ° C all right ? Yes , that's perfect . Another thing , if need more items for the mini-bar , which Number should I call ? You should call the Housekeeping Department on 2300 . They will replace any stock for you immediately . I see . So , is it possible to make international phone calls from my room ? That's no problem . Just dial 9 to get an outside line , and then dial the number as usual .
Yes , that's perfect . Another thing , if need more items for the mini-bar , which Number should I call ? You should call the Housekeeping Department on 2300 . They will replace any stock for you immediately . I see . So , is it possible to make international phone calls from my room ? That's no problem . Just dial 9 to get an outside line , and then dial the number as usual . Well , thanks a lot for your help .
You should call the Housekeeping Department on 2300 . They will replace any stock for you immediately . I see . So , is it possible to make international phone calls from my room ? That's no problem . Just dial 9 to get an outside line , and then dial the number as usual . Well , thanks a lot for your help . No problem , sir . If there's anything else you need , you can find me at the desk by the elevator , or you can call housekeeping if I'm not there .
I see . So , is it possible to make international phone calls from my room ? That's no problem . Just dial 9 to get an outside line , and then dial the number as usual . Well , thanks a lot for your help . No problem , sir . If there's anything else you need , you can find me at the desk by the elevator , or you can call housekeeping if I'm not there . OK , goodbye .
Well , Mr . Smith . That ' s a nasty infection you have . Yes . Is there anything you can give me to get rid of it , Doctor ? I ' m going to prescribe some antibiotics , and some cream to ease the itching and burning . OK . Thank you . Where should I buy them ? The pharmacy will give you a discount since you came to the clinic .
Yes . Is there anything you can give me to get rid of it , Doctor ? I ' m going to prescribe some antibiotics , and some cream to ease the itching and burning . OK . Thank you . Where should I buy them ? The pharmacy will give you a discount since you came to the clinic . Great . What floor is the pharmacy on ?
I ' m going to prescribe some antibiotics , and some cream to ease the itching and burning . OK . Thank you . Where should I buy them ? The pharmacy will give you a discount since you came to the clinic . Great . What floor is the pharmacy on ? The fourth . I ' ll send the prescription down there , so you can just pick it up on your way out .
Please give me a piece of ' New York Daily ' . You are late . The last piece has sold out . Really ? Is there ' Wall Street Journal ' , please ? There are several , take a piece . The crash appears in the headline . It is famous for offering catastrophe stories . I have a long flight for ten hours . I need to choose a magazine .
You are late . The last piece has sold out . Really ? Is there ' Wall Street Journal ' , please ? There are several , take a piece . The crash appears in the headline . It is famous for offering catastrophe stories . I have a long flight for ten hours . I need to choose a magazine . There are various magazines in the rack .
Really ? Is there ' Wall Street Journal ' , please ? There are several , take a piece . The crash appears in the headline . It is famous for offering catastrophe stories . I have a long flight for ten hours . I need to choose a magazine . There are various magazines in the rack . Give me the latest issue of ' National Geographic ' .
There are several , take a piece . The crash appears in the headline . It is famous for offering catastrophe stories . I have a long flight for ten hours . I need to choose a magazine . There are various magazines in the rack . Give me the latest issue of ' National Geographic ' . That's the top magazine in America and is popular with young people . OK . It is totally 30 dollars .
I have a long flight for ten hours . I need to choose a magazine . There are various magazines in the rack . Give me the latest issue of ' National Geographic ' . That's the top magazine in America and is popular with young people . OK . It is totally 30 dollars . Here you are .
Hello , how are you doing today ? I ' Ve been having trouble breathing lately . Have you had any type of cold lately ? No , I haven ' t had a cold . I just have a heavy feeling in my chest when I try to breathe . Do you have any allergies that you know of ?
I ' Ve been having trouble breathing lately . Have you had any type of cold lately ? No , I haven ' t had a cold . I just have a heavy feeling in my chest when I try to breathe . Do you have any allergies that you know of ? No , I don ' t have any allergies that I know of .
Have you had any type of cold lately ? No , I haven ' t had a cold . I just have a heavy feeling in my chest when I try to breathe . Do you have any allergies that you know of ? No , I don ' t have any allergies that I know of . Does this happen all the time or mostly when you are active ?
No , I haven ' t had a cold . I just have a heavy feeling in my chest when I try to breathe . Do you have any allergies that you know of ? No , I don ' t have any allergies that I know of . Does this happen all the time or mostly when you are active ? It happens a lot when I work out .
Do you have any allergies that you know of ? No , I don ' t have any allergies that I know of . Does this happen all the time or mostly when you are active ? It happens a lot when I work out . I am going to send you to a pulmonary specialist who can run tests on you for asthma .
Emergency road service . May I help you ? I have a flat tyre . All right . What's your membership card , please ? 489 3362 1978 . And your name ?
I have a flat tyre . All right . What's your membership card , please ? 489 3362 1978 . And your name ? Eve .
All right . What's your membership card , please ? 489 3362 1978 . And your name ? Eve . What's the expiration date on your card ?
489 3362 1978 . And your name ? Eve . What's the expiration date on your card ? It's July 16,2009 .
And your name ? Eve . What's the expiration date on your card ? It's July 16,2009 . Where is your car now ?
Eve . What's the expiration date on your card ? It's July 16,2009 . Where is your car now ? It's on the west street , near Royal Hotel .
What's the expiration date on your card ? It's July 16,2009 . Where is your car now ? It's on the west street , near Royal Hotel . And which direction were you going ?
It's July 16,2009 . Where is your car now ? It's on the west street , near Royal Hotel . And which direction were you going ? I was going west .
Where is your car now ? It's on the west street , near Royal Hotel . And which direction were you going ? I was going west . What is the make and model of your car ?
It's on the west street , near Royal Hotel . And which direction were you going ? I was going west . What is the make and model of your car ? BMW 530 .
And which direction were you going ? I was going west . What is the make and model of your car ? BMW 530 . What color is it ?
I was going west . What is the make and model of your car ? BMW 530 . What color is it ? It's red .
What is the make and model of your car ? BMW 530 . What color is it ? It's red . What's your licence plate number ?
BMW 530 . What color is it ? It's red . What's your licence plate number ? SAY 201 .
Oh , I ' m staving . I ' d like to try some real Chinese cuisine . What would you recommend waiter ? Well , depends . You see , there are eight famous Chinese food cuisines , for instance , sichuan cuisine and HUNAN cuisine . There're all spicy or hot of heard . That ' s right . If you have hot dishes , you can try some . It might be too hot for me .
Well , depends . You see , there are eight famous Chinese food cuisines , for instance , sichuan cuisine and HUNAN cuisine . There're all spicy or hot of heard . That ' s right . If you have hot dishes , you can try some . It might be too hot for me . And there are Cantonese cuisine and Kiangsu cuisine .. Most people like them .
There're all spicy or hot of heard . That ' s right . If you have hot dishes , you can try some . It might be too hot for me . And there are Cantonese cuisine and Kiangsu cuisine .. Most people like them . What about any special Beijing dishes ?
That ' s right . If you have hot dishes , you can try some . It might be too hot for me . And there are Cantonese cuisine and Kiangsu cuisine .. Most people like them . What about any special Beijing dishes ? There ' re Beijing roast duck .
It might be too hot for me . And there are Cantonese cuisine and Kiangsu cuisine .. Most people like them . What about any special Beijing dishes ? There ' re Beijing roast duck . OH , yes . I heard of a lot of about it . I like very much to try it . Where can I find it ?
And there are Cantonese cuisine and Kiangsu cuisine .. Most people like them . What about any special Beijing dishes ? There ' re Beijing roast duck . OH , yes . I heard of a lot of about it . I like very much to try it . Where can I find it ? You can find it in most restaurant . The best place certainly is Quanjude restaurant .
What about any special Beijing dishes ? There ' re Beijing roast duck . OH , yes . I heard of a lot of about it . I like very much to try it . Where can I find it ? You can find it in most restaurant . The best place certainly is Quanjude restaurant . Is it near here ?
There ' re Beijing roast duck . OH , yes . I heard of a lot of about it . I like very much to try it . Where can I find it ? You can find it in most restaurant . The best place certainly is Quanjude restaurant . Is it near here ? Not too near but not too far either . A taxi will take you there in fifteen minutes . the traffic is not too bad , I mean .
OH , yes . I heard of a lot of about it . I like very much to try it . Where can I find it ? You can find it in most restaurant . The best place certainly is Quanjude restaurant . Is it near here ? Not too near but not too far either . A taxi will take you there in fifteen minutes . the traffic is not too bad , I mean . Well , thank you for your information . What ' s the name of that restaurant again ?
You can find it in most restaurant . The best place certainly is Quanjude restaurant . Is it near here ? Not too near but not too far either . A taxi will take you there in fifteen minutes . the traffic is not too bad , I mean . Well , thank you for your information . What ' s the name of that restaurant again ? Let me write it down on a piece of paper for you . You can show to the taxi driver .
Hello , Can I speak to Tom , please ? I'm afraid he is not in at the moment . May I ask what time he will come back ? I think he will come back at 3 p . m . Do you want to call later ? Or would you like to leave a message for him ? I'd like to leave a message . Please ask him to call me back as soon as he returns . I'm A and he has my number .
I'm afraid he is not in at the moment . May I ask what time he will come back ? I think he will come back at 3 p . m . Do you want to call later ? Or would you like to leave a message for him ? I'd like to leave a message . Please ask him to call me back as soon as he returns . I'm A and he has my number . OK . I will do that .
May I ask what time he will come back ? I think he will come back at 3 p . m . Do you want to call later ? Or would you like to leave a message for him ? I'd like to leave a message . Please ask him to call me back as soon as he returns . I'm A and he has my number . OK . I will do that . Thank you very much . Bye .
What would you have ? I'll try Chinese wine . What about this dry red ? It's good indeed , it never goes to the head . OK . Give me one , please . Here it is .
I'll try Chinese wine . What about this dry red ? It's good indeed , it never goes to the head . OK . Give me one , please . Here it is . Thank you .
Hello Mr . Jones , please have a seat . Thank you for coming in today . I have read your resume . You completed University in England ? Yes , I went to Cambridge . After graduation , I started right away into the advertising industry . Later , I made a bit of a switch to focus on marketing research . So , what experience do you have ? I have ten years marketing experience . This includes both entry level and management positions . In my last position , I worked my way up to being director of the marking department . I can see that from your resume . Your last position was marketing director for a pharmaceutical company , is that right ? Later , why did you decide to leave your former post ?
Yes , I went to Cambridge . After graduation , I started right away into the advertising industry . Later , I made a bit of a switch to focus on marketing research . So , what experience do you have ? I have ten years marketing experience . This includes both entry level and management positions . In my last position , I worked my way up to being director of the marking department . I can see that from your resume . Your last position was marketing director for a pharmaceutical company , is that right ? Later , why did you decide to leave your former post ? I felt after five years in one place , I was ready for something new . I would like to have a job that is challenging , something that I can see and do new things every day . I loved many things about my former job , and I left with amiable feelings on both sides . I was just ready for something new .
So , what experience do you have ? I have ten years marketing experience . This includes both entry level and management positions . In my last position , I worked my way up to being director of the marking department . I can see that from your resume . Your last position was marketing director for a pharmaceutical company , is that right ? Later , why did you decide to leave your former post ? I felt after five years in one place , I was ready for something new . I would like to have a job that is challenging , something that I can see and do new things every day . I loved many things about my former job , and I left with amiable feelings on both sides . I was just ready for something new . I see . Do you want to work full-time or part-time ?
I have ten years marketing experience . This includes both entry level and management positions . In my last position , I worked my way up to being director of the marking department . I can see that from your resume . Your last position was marketing director for a pharmaceutical company , is that right ? Later , why did you decide to leave your former post ? I felt after five years in one place , I was ready for something new . I would like to have a job that is challenging , something that I can see and do new things every day . I loved many things about my former job , and I left with amiable feelings on both sides . I was just ready for something new . I see . Do you want to work full-time or part-time ? I would rather work full-time .
I can see that from your resume . Your last position was marketing director for a pharmaceutical company , is that right ? Later , why did you decide to leave your former post ? I felt after five years in one place , I was ready for something new . I would like to have a job that is challenging , something that I can see and do new things every day . I loved many things about my former job , and I left with amiable feelings on both sides . I was just ready for something new . I see . Do you want to work full-time or part-time ? I would rather work full-time . I'll make note of that . Now , what are your salary expectations ?
Welcome to the McDonald's . What will it be for you , madam ? One Big Mac and French Fries . Is there anything else ? Give me one coke , please . Is this to go or to eat here ?
One Big Mac and French Fries . Is there anything else ? Give me one coke , please . Is this to go or to eat here ? To go , please .
Is there anything else ? Give me one coke , please . Is this to go or to eat here ? To go , please . That comes to four dollars and ten cents .
Give me one coke , please . Is this to go or to eat here ? To go , please . That comes to four dollars and ten cents . And can I have some ketchup , please ?
How may I help you today ? I need to open a second account . What kind of account would you like to open ? I need another savings account . Do you have another account with us ?
I need to open a second account . What kind of account would you like to open ? I need another savings account . Do you have another account with us ? I sure do .
What kind of account would you like to open ? I need another savings account . Do you have another account with us ? I sure do . Would you like to transfer money from that account into your new one ?
I need another savings account . Do you have another account with us ? I sure do . Would you like to transfer money from that account into your new one ? That ' s fine .
Do you have another account with us ? I sure do . Would you like to transfer money from that account into your new one ? That ' s fine . How much would you like to transfer ?
I sure do . Would you like to transfer money from that account into your new one ? That ' s fine . How much would you like to transfer ? Transfer $ 100 .
Would you like to transfer money from that account into your new one ? That ' s fine . How much would you like to transfer ? Transfer $ 100 . Give me a moment while I complete your transaction .
What are you doing here today ? I would like to fight my ticket . Is the arresting officer in the courtroom today ? Yes , the officer is here today . What's your case ?
I would like to fight my ticket . Is the arresting officer in the courtroom today ? Yes , the officer is here today . What's your case ? I was pulled over for running a red light , but I never did .
Is the arresting officer in the courtroom today ? Yes , the officer is here today . What's your case ? I was pulled over for running a red light , but I never did . Do you believe that the officer lied ?
Yes , the officer is here today . What's your case ? I was pulled over for running a red light , but I never did . Do you believe that the officer lied ? There was a camera on the signal . So , he was obviously lying .
What's your case ? I was pulled over for running a red light , but I never did . Do you believe that the officer lied ? There was a camera on the signal . So , he was obviously lying . Your license plate was caught on camera ?
I was pulled over for running a red light , but I never did . Do you believe that the officer lied ? There was a camera on the signal . So , he was obviously lying . Your license plate was caught on camera ? A picture of my license plate was never taken .
Do you believe that the officer lied ? There was a camera on the signal . So , he was obviously lying . Your license plate was caught on camera ? A picture of my license plate was never taken . Since there is no picture of your license plate on record , I'm going to let you go .
I think that you look very cute today . Is that right ? This is a brand new outfit . What store did you get it from ? I went to Macy's and picked it out . I love your outfit right now .
Is that right ? This is a brand new outfit . What store did you get it from ? I went to Macy's and picked it out . I love your outfit right now . Well , I think you look nice today too .
What store did you get it from ? I went to Macy's and picked it out . I love your outfit right now . Well , I think you look nice today too . Thanks . I found these new shoes earlier at the store .
I went to Macy's and picked it out . I love your outfit right now . Well , I think you look nice today too . Thanks . I found these new shoes earlier at the store . I think that those are some really nice shoes . What kind are they ?
I love your outfit right now . Well , I think you look nice today too . Thanks . I found these new shoes earlier at the store . I think that those are some really nice shoes . What kind are they ? These are Chucks .
Well , I think you look nice today too . Thanks . I found these new shoes earlier at the store . I think that those are some really nice shoes . What kind are they ? These are Chucks . Your shoes look really nice . How much did you get them for ?
Thanks . I found these new shoes earlier at the store . I think that those are some really nice shoes . What kind are they ? These are Chucks . Your shoes look really nice . How much did you get them for ? They only cost me about forty dollars .
Could I see the manager please ? I have a complaint to make . Yes , I ' m the manager here . What can I do for you , Madam ? Did you have the room checked before we move in ? Which room are you in ? 1808 . The toilet doesn ' t work properly ; the water doesn ' t run in the shower .
shall we dance ? sure . i suppose you dance much . oh . no as a matter of fact , i haven't danced for a long time . but i can see you dance wonderfully well . thanks for flattering me .  i think you dance much right ?
sure . i suppose you dance much . oh . no as a matter of fact , i haven't danced for a long time . but i can see you dance wonderfully well . thanks for flattering me .  i think you dance much right ? no , just occasionally
oh . no as a matter of fact , i haven't danced for a long time . but i can see you dance wonderfully well . thanks for flattering me .  i think you dance much right ? no , just occasionally oh , i like this music very much , let's tango .
Is everything to your satisfaction ? No , the steak was recommended , but it is not very fresh . Oh , sorry to hear that . This is quite unusual . I will look into the matter . This is very annoying . I'm sorry , sir . Do you wish to try something else ? That would be on the house , of course .
No , the steak was recommended , but it is not very fresh . Oh , sorry to hear that . This is quite unusual . I will look into the matter . This is very annoying . I'm sorry , sir . Do you wish to try something else ? That would be on the house , of course . No , I don't risk it .
Oh , sorry to hear that . This is quite unusual . I will look into the matter . This is very annoying . I'm sorry , sir . Do you wish to try something else ? That would be on the house , of course . No , I don't risk it . How about a delicious dessert then , with our compliment ?
This is very annoying . I'm sorry , sir . Do you wish to try something else ? That would be on the house , of course . No , I don't risk it . How about a delicious dessert then , with our compliment ? I'm not keen on dessert as a habit . They are fattening .
You're looking rather pale , why ? I couldn't sleep well recently . You'd get plenty of sleep for you work so hard . I always drink too much wine in the evening . You shan't drink more wine in the evening .
I couldn't sleep well recently . You'd get plenty of sleep for you work so hard . I always drink too much wine in the evening . You shan't drink more wine in the evening . Yes , you are right .
You'd get plenty of sleep for you work so hard . I always drink too much wine in the evening . You shan't drink more wine in the evening . Yes , you are right . And you'd take some exercise every day .
Ahhs ! I'm beat ! What happened to you ? You look like you got hit by a tornado ! I just got back from fighting the crowds . You mean at the mall ? Was there a sale ? Yeah . For five minutes , everything was half off . It was total chaos ...
What happened to you ? You look like you got hit by a tornado ! I just got back from fighting the crowds . You mean at the mall ? Was there a sale ? Yeah . For five minutes , everything was half off . It was total chaos ... Cool !
Right , let me run through your options . You can go ahead and cash your undue Large-Amount Deposit Certificate if you really want to , but I'd recommend a Personal Durable Commodities Loan . OK , what does that entail ? It's not too much trouble to do it this way and remember , your certificate is due in 2 months . If you can hold on to it , it'll be much better for your finances . Yes , it does seem a little silly to cash it now . I'll probably need about 25,000 RIB . Will that be a problem ? Not at all , Mr Zu . As the certificate is due in 2 months , you can get the loan on mortgage of that certificate .
OK , what does that entail ? It's not too much trouble to do it this way and remember , your certificate is due in 2 months . If you can hold on to it , it'll be much better for your finances . Yes , it does seem a little silly to cash it now . I'll probably need about 25,000 RIB . Will that be a problem ? Not at all , Mr Zu . As the certificate is due in 2 months , you can get the loan on mortgage of that certificate . I'm glad you thought of this . I'd have just gone ahead and cashed it ! And I suppose I can use the money from the certificate to pay back this Personal Durable Commodities Loan and I won't lose any interest , right ?
It's not too much trouble to do it this way and remember , your certificate is due in 2 months . If you can hold on to it , it'll be much better for your finances . Yes , it does seem a little silly to cash it now . I'll probably need about 25,000 RIB . Will that be a problem ? Not at all , Mr Zu . As the certificate is due in 2 months , you can get the loan on mortgage of that certificate . I'm glad you thought of this . I'd have just gone ahead and cashed it ! And I suppose I can use the money from the certificate to pay back this Personal Durable Commodities Loan and I won't lose any interest , right ? Exactly right . If you'd like to go ahead , I can process that for you now , Mr Zu .
Look , Mary ! There are so many people over there ! Oh , I remember , there is a job fair in the personnel market . I have never been to the personnel market . Really ? I have been there several times . Are there many employers ?
Oh , I remember , there is a job fair in the personnel market . I have never been to the personnel market . Really ? I have been there several times . Are there many employers ? Yes . The personnel market is a place specially for job-hunters and employers .
I have never been to the personnel market . Really ? I have been there several times . Are there many employers ? Yes . The personnel market is a place specially for job-hunters and employers . So there will be many large companies in the personnel market , right ?
Really ? I have been there several times . Are there many employers ? Yes . The personnel market is a place specially for job-hunters and employers . So there will be many large companies in the personnel market , right ? Yes , there are many famous corporations .
Are there many employers ? Yes . The personnel market is a place specially for job-hunters and employers . So there will be many large companies in the personnel market , right ? Yes , there are many famous corporations . When will there be a job fair ?
Yes . The personnel market is a place specially for job-hunters and employers . So there will be many large companies in the personnel market , right ? Yes , there are many famous corporations . When will there be a job fair ? Every Saturday and Sunday
So there will be many large companies in the personnel market , right ? Yes , there are many famous corporations . When will there be a job fair ? Every Saturday and Sunday Do I need to pay to go into the personnel market ?
Yes , there are many famous corporations . When will there be a job fair ? Every Saturday and Sunday Do I need to pay to go into the personnel market ? No , it's free .
When will there be a job fair ? Every Saturday and Sunday Do I need to pay to go into the personnel market ? No , it's free . How about going there to have a look now ?
Now people are talking about world recession which started more than a year ago . Can you give us your personal assessment of the situation of the global economy ? As you know , we are in a very special time . This is a very hard time for many countries ' economics , both developed and developing . I think the current economic situation could be described as synchronized slowdown of major economies . What is the direct impact of the terrorist attack upon your country's economy ? Once the US economy is in trouble due to the terrorist attack , the impact could be quickly felt in the rest of the world . What challenges is your country's economy facing at the moment ?
Come in and sit down . Thanks , Mr . Liang . Among all the assistants , I think you're on top of it . Based on the annual evaluation , the board of directors decided to give you a bonus . Really ? I am too happy . I've been reviewing your work over the past few months . Thanks to your excellent work , we benefit much from your project . And you should get the perfect attendance award too .
Thanks , Mr . Liang . Among all the assistants , I think you're on top of it . Based on the annual evaluation , the board of directors decided to give you a bonus . Really ? I am too happy . I've been reviewing your work over the past few months . Thanks to your excellent work , we benefit much from your project . And you should get the perfect attendance award too . Thanks for your trust . Owing to my colleagues ' help , I've successfully completed my task .
Among all the assistants , I think you're on top of it . Based on the annual evaluation , the board of directors decided to give you a bonus . Really ? I am too happy . I've been reviewing your work over the past few months . Thanks to your excellent work , we benefit much from your project . And you should get the perfect attendance award too . Thanks for your trust . Owing to my colleagues ' help , I've successfully completed my task . You are very modest and diligent . The distribution of bonus derived from the performance evaluation . You deserve it .
I like Chinese food . I like Chinese food , too . I like dumplings best . At school , we sometimes have Chinese food for lunch . That's good . We eat Chinese food only at the Chinese restaurant . My mother can make some Chinese food .
So , what do you plan to do today ? There is a Matisse exhibition at the Museum of Modern Art . Larry and I will go . Did you buy tickets already ? No . Do we need tickets ? Well , probably . Probably you will have to wait in line if you don't have tickets .
There is a Matisse exhibition at the Museum of Modern Art . Larry and I will go . Did you buy tickets already ? No . Do we need tickets ? Well , probably . Probably you will have to wait in line if you don't have tickets . Outside or inside ?
Did you buy tickets already ? No . Do we need tickets ? Well , probably . Probably you will have to wait in line if you don't have tickets . Outside or inside ? Outside , on the sidewalk .
No . Do we need tickets ? Well , probably . Probably you will have to wait in line if you don't have tickets . Outside or inside ? Outside , on the sidewalk . Hmm . It's very cold today . But I brought my jacket . Maybe it will be alright to wait .
Well , probably . Probably you will have to wait in line if you don't have tickets . Outside or inside ? Outside , on the sidewalk . Hmm . It's very cold today . But I brought my jacket . Maybe it will be alright to wait . The MYOMA is very popular . There will be a lot of people .
Outside or inside ? Outside , on the sidewalk . Hmm . It's very cold today . But I brought my jacket . Maybe it will be alright to wait . The MYOMA is very popular . There will be a lot of people . MYOMA ? What's that ?
Outside , on the sidewalk . Hmm . It's very cold today . But I brought my jacket . Maybe it will be alright to wait . The MYOMA is very popular . There will be a lot of people . MYOMA ? What's that ? Oh , sorry . It stands for the Museum of Modern Art . It's an acronym . M O M A MYOMA .
Hmm . It's very cold today . But I brought my jacket . Maybe it will be alright to wait . The MYOMA is very popular . There will be a lot of people . MYOMA ? What's that ? Oh , sorry . It stands for the Museum of Modern Art . It's an acronym . M O M A MYOMA . I see . Do you have any suggestions for other things we should do ?
The MYOMA is very popular . There will be a lot of people . MYOMA ? What's that ? Oh , sorry . It stands for the Museum of Modern Art . It's an acronym . M O M A MYOMA . I see . Do you have any suggestions for other things we should do ? I suggest you go to the Jewish Museum . It ' s not far from the Guggenheim , near Central Park . It is really very interesting . Also , there is a great museum of medieval European art further up north . It ' s called the Cloisters .
MYOMA ? What's that ? Oh , sorry . It stands for the Museum of Modern Art . It's an acronym . M O M A MYOMA . I see . Do you have any suggestions for other things we should do ? I suggest you go to the Jewish Museum . It ' s not far from the Guggenheim , near Central Park . It is really very interesting . Also , there is a great museum of medieval European art further up north . It ' s called the Cloisters . How can we get up there ?
Oh , sorry . It stands for the Museum of Modern Art . It's an acronym . M O M A MYOMA . I see . Do you have any suggestions for other things we should do ? I suggest you go to the Jewish Museum . It ' s not far from the Guggenheim , near Central Park . It is really very interesting . Also , there is a great museum of medieval European art further up north . It ' s called the Cloisters . How can we get up there ? You can take a bus .
What kind of place shall we rent ? It should be close to the university . Neither of us are good at getting up in the mornings and closer it is , the later we can get up . Absolutely . That's the most important thing to take into consideration . I'm not too worried about the size of the flat . Neither am I . so a small place is ok , but we'll get a bigger one if it's not expensive . Do you mind if it's in a noisy area . I don't mind . I'm not a light sleeper , but quieter is better for when we have to study at home .
It should be close to the university . Neither of us are good at getting up in the mornings and closer it is , the later we can get up . Absolutely . That's the most important thing to take into consideration . I'm not too worried about the size of the flat . Neither am I . so a small place is ok , but we'll get a bigger one if it's not expensive . Do you mind if it's in a noisy area . I don't mind . I'm not a light sleeper , but quieter is better for when we have to study at home . Good point . Ok , let's go to the estate agent and see what they can offer us .
Absolutely . That's the most important thing to take into consideration . I'm not too worried about the size of the flat . Neither am I . so a small place is ok , but we'll get a bigger one if it's not expensive . Do you mind if it's in a noisy area . I don't mind . I'm not a light sleeper , but quieter is better for when we have to study at home . Good point . Ok , let's go to the estate agent and see what they can offer us . Yes , if we're lucky we'll find something in the next few days . I think you had a good idea to start flat hunting early .
Neither am I . so a small place is ok , but we'll get a bigger one if it's not expensive . Do you mind if it's in a noisy area . I don't mind . I'm not a light sleeper , but quieter is better for when we have to study at home . Good point . Ok , let's go to the estate agent and see what they can offer us . Yes , if we're lucky we'll find something in the next few days . I think you had a good idea to start flat hunting early . How much do you think the rent will be ?
Excuse me . May I take you a picture ? With pleasure . Thanks you . Shall we stand a bit further ? I would like to take the tower in . No problem . That's OK . If you want the photo I will mail it to you .
Do you develop films here ? Yes , we shall . What size do you like ? Well , the 4 x 6 is fine . Which do you prefer , color or black and white ? The last one is black and white , all the rest should need color .
Yes , we shall . What size do you like ? Well , the 4 x 6 is fine . Which do you prefer , color or black and white ? The last one is black and white , all the rest should need color . OK .
Well , the 4 x 6 is fine . Which do you prefer , color or black and white ? The last one is black and white , all the rest should need color . OK . I hope they will come out well . When should I pick them up ?
Which do you prefer , color or black and white ? The last one is black and white , all the rest should need color . OK . I hope they will come out well . When should I pick them up ? They will be ready at noon tomorrow . Each negative develops one print , right ?
The last one is black and white , all the rest should need color . OK . I hope they will come out well . When should I pick them up ? They will be ready at noon tomorrow . Each negative develops one print , right ? Yes , it is . And develop them as glossy as possible .
OK . I hope they will come out well . When should I pick them up ? They will be ready at noon tomorrow . Each negative develops one print , right ? Yes , it is . And develop them as glossy as possible . No problem . Do you need another film ?
I hope they will come out well . When should I pick them up ? They will be ready at noon tomorrow . Each negative develops one print , right ? Yes , it is . And develop them as glossy as possible . No problem . Do you need another film ? Yes , a roll of Kodak film please .
the air quality in this city is horrendous ! The pollution levels were so high that we weren't supposed to go outside with a face mask again ! exhaust fumes from vehicles cause a great deal of damage to the environment . on top of that , there are a few large chemical factories in the suburbs , which are contributing to the high pollution levels in the water and the air in this city . as much as I love this city , I think I'm going to have to find a greener city to live in . Living in a polluted city like this just can't be good for my health . I know what you mean . However , there are so few places left that have not been affected by global warming . If it's not the pollution , then it's the natural disasters , deforestation , or the greenhouse
exhaust fumes from vehicles cause a great deal of damage to the environment . on top of that , there are a few large chemical factories in the suburbs , which are contributing to the high pollution levels in the water and the air in this city . as much as I love this city , I think I'm going to have to find a greener city to live in . Living in a polluted city like this just can't be good for my health . I know what you mean . However , there are so few places left that have not been affected by global warming . If it's not the pollution , then it's the natural disasters , deforestation , or the greenhouse what is the greenhouse effect exactly ?
on top of that , there are a few large chemical factories in the suburbs , which are contributing to the high pollution levels in the water and the air in this city . as much as I love this city , I think I'm going to have to find a greener city to live in . Living in a polluted city like this just can't be good for my health . I know what you mean . However , there are so few places left that have not been affected by global warming . If it's not the pollution , then it's the natural disasters , deforestation , or the greenhouse what is the greenhouse effect exactly ? it's the gradual rise in the earth's temperature .
as much as I love this city , I think I'm going to have to find a greener city to live in . Living in a polluted city like this just can't be good for my health . I know what you mean . However , there are so few places left that have not been affected by global warming . If it's not the pollution , then it's the natural disasters , deforestation , or the greenhouse what is the greenhouse effect exactly ? it's the gradual rise in the earth's temperature . I see , so it's similar to global warming ?
I know what you mean . However , there are so few places left that have not been affected by global warming . If it's not the pollution , then it's the natural disasters , deforestation , or the greenhouse what is the greenhouse effect exactly ? it's the gradual rise in the earth's temperature . I see , so it's similar to global warming ? they're related to one another , yes .
what is the greenhouse effect exactly ? it's the gradual rise in the earth's temperature . I see , so it's similar to global warming ? they're related to one another , yes . I heard that some people in England are pleased with the fact that the climate is becoming warmer because it's making their towns a more pleasant place to live .
it's the gradual rise in the earth's temperature . I see , so it's similar to global warming ? they're related to one another , yes . I heard that some people in England are pleased with the fact that the climate is becoming warmer because it's making their towns a more pleasant place to live . people joke about the benefits of the increase in temperature , but it's not all good news . They've been experiencing a lot of deadly storms there as well .
I see , so it's similar to global warming ? they're related to one another , yes . I heard that some people in England are pleased with the fact that the climate is becoming warmer because it's making their towns a more pleasant place to live . people joke about the benefits of the increase in temperature , but it's not all good news . They've been experiencing a lot of deadly storms there as well . people always seem to make jokes as a way to deal with unfortunate situations .
I think this spring is a good time for us to start looking . We should plan to move out of here before July . I'm tired of living in apartments . I know , dear . I am too . But we've just been too busy to look for a house . We need to find a good realtor . Not necessarily . If we use a realtor to find a house , it will be more expensive .
We should plan to move out of here before July . I'm tired of living in apartments . I know , dear . I am too . But we've just been too busy to look for a house . We need to find a good realtor . Not necessarily . If we use a realtor to find a house , it will be more expensive . What do you mean ?
I know , dear . I am too . But we've just been too busy to look for a house . We need to find a good realtor . Not necessarily . If we use a realtor to find a house , it will be more expensive . What do you mean ? Realtors always get a commission . If the realtor helps us find something , we have to pay him .
We need to find a good realtor . Not necessarily . If we use a realtor to find a house , it will be more expensive . What do you mean ? Realtors always get a commission . If the realtor helps us find something , we have to pay him . But doesn't a realtor help with the contract ? I thought they take care of all the legal troubles .
Not necessarily . If we use a realtor to find a house , it will be more expensive . What do you mean ? Realtors always get a commission . If the realtor helps us find something , we have to pay him . But doesn't a realtor help with the contract ? I thought they take care of all the legal troubles . Yes , that's often true . But you have to pay them .
What do you mean ? Realtors always get a commission . If the realtor helps us find something , we have to pay him . But doesn't a realtor help with the contract ? I thought they take care of all the legal troubles . Yes , that's often true . But you have to pay them . I still think we should have a realtor . We ' re new in this country . We don't know all the laws of buying a house . And also , the realtor will inspect the house . He can tell us if the house has
Realtors always get a commission . If the realtor helps us find something , we have to pay him . But doesn't a realtor help with the contract ? I thought they take care of all the legal troubles . Yes , that's often true . But you have to pay them . I still think we should have a realtor . We ' re new in this country . We don't know all the laws of buying a house . And also , the realtor will inspect the house . He can tell us if the house has Of course we need a home inspector . But we can hire an inspector on our own . And as for the legal problems , I have friends . They can help us .
But doesn't a realtor help with the contract ? I thought they take care of all the legal troubles . Yes , that's often true . But you have to pay them . I still think we should have a realtor . We ' re new in this country . We don't know all the laws of buying a house . And also , the realtor will inspect the house . He can tell us if the house has Of course we need a home inspector . But we can hire an inspector on our own . And as for the legal problems , I have friends . They can help us . So how can we find a house if we don't have a realtor ?
Yes , that's often true . But you have to pay them . I still think we should have a realtor . We ' re new in this country . We don't know all the laws of buying a house . And also , the realtor will inspect the house . He can tell us if the house has Of course we need a home inspector . But we can hire an inspector on our own . And as for the legal problems , I have friends . They can help us . So how can we find a house if we don't have a realtor ? It takes a little more time . We have to check the ads in the paper . Probably also there are special real estate magazines with ads . Then we have to drive to the homes and look at them .
I still think we should have a realtor . We ' re new in this country . We don't know all the laws of buying a house . And also , the realtor will inspect the house . He can tell us if the house has Of course we need a home inspector . But we can hire an inspector on our own . And as for the legal problems , I have friends . They can help us . So how can we find a house if we don't have a realtor ? It takes a little more time . We have to check the ads in the paper . Probably also there are special real estate magazines with ads . Then we have to drive to the homes and look at them . And doesn't the person selling the house have a realtor ?
Of course we need a home inspector . But we can hire an inspector on our own . And as for the legal problems , I have friends . They can help us . So how can we find a house if we don't have a realtor ? It takes a little more time . We have to check the ads in the paper . Probably also there are special real estate magazines with ads . Then we have to drive to the homes and look at them . And doesn't the person selling the house have a realtor ? Sometimes they do , sometimes they don't . It's best to find someone who is selling by themselves .
So how can we find a house if we don't have a realtor ? It takes a little more time . We have to check the ads in the paper . Probably also there are special real estate magazines with ads . Then we have to drive to the homes and look at them . And doesn't the person selling the house have a realtor ? Sometimes they do , sometimes they don't . It's best to find someone who is selling by themselves . Why ?
It takes a little more time . We have to check the ads in the paper . Probably also there are special real estate magazines with ads . Then we have to drive to the homes and look at them . And doesn't the person selling the house have a realtor ? Sometimes they do , sometimes they don't . It's best to find someone who is selling by themselves . Why ? Because if the seller has a realtor , their price will be higher . He will have to pay a commission to the realtor .
And doesn't the person selling the house have a realtor ? Sometimes they do , sometimes they don't . It's best to find someone who is selling by themselves . Why ? Because if the seller has a realtor , their price will be higher . He will have to pay a commission to the realtor . Hmm . It all sounds very complicated .
Sometimes they do , sometimes they don't . It's best to find someone who is selling by themselves . Why ? Because if the seller has a realtor , their price will be higher . He will have to pay a commission to the realtor . Hmm . It all sounds very complicated . It is . But buying a house is very important . So it takes time . That ' s why we haven't done it yet . It's very troublesome .
Why ? Because if the seller has a realtor , their price will be higher . He will have to pay a commission to the realtor . Hmm . It all sounds very complicated . It is . But buying a house is very important . So it takes time . That ' s why we haven't done it yet . It's very troublesome . I want to look in the papers today . Maybe we can see something we like .
Hello , Fred . What are you doing ? I'm doing the business online . Can you tell me the concept of e-commerce ? Now , many people mentioned the word , ' e-commerce ' , in front of me . E-commerce , or Electronic Commerce is the practice of purchasing and selling products or services over the Internet . What kinds of channels can you use in e-commerce ?
I'm doing the business online . Can you tell me the concept of e-commerce ? Now , many people mentioned the word , ' e-commerce ' , in front of me . E-commerce , or Electronic Commerce is the practice of purchasing and selling products or services over the Internet . What kinds of channels can you use in e-commerce ? We can complete a trade by email , electronic data interchange and smart cards , and so on .
Can you tell me the concept of e-commerce ? Now , many people mentioned the word , ' e-commerce ' , in front of me . E-commerce , or Electronic Commerce is the practice of purchasing and selling products or services over the Internet . What kinds of channels can you use in e-commerce ? We can complete a trade by email , electronic data interchange and smart cards , and so on . What are the benefits of e-commerce ?
E-commerce , or Electronic Commerce is the practice of purchasing and selling products or services over the Internet . What kinds of channels can you use in e-commerce ? We can complete a trade by email , electronic data interchange and smart cards , and so on . What are the benefits of e-commerce ? Firstly , it can overcome the geographic limitation . And secondly , e-commerce can lower the internal costs . And thirdly , people like us , can also open stores on Internet .
What are we going to do ? I can't get the car out of this ditch . I'm stuck ! I'm worried , Tom . I haven't seen any other cars for almost an hour . I know . This is terrible . What can we do ? This snow doesn't stop falling ! I told you we should have stayed in town today . The weather report said 100 percent chance of snow . Why did you want to come up here ? I wanted to show you the cabin . We only had another half-hour to go .
I'm worried , Tom . I haven't seen any other cars for almost an hour . I know . This is terrible . What can we do ? This snow doesn't stop falling ! I told you we should have stayed in town today . The weather report said 100 percent chance of snow . Why did you want to come up here ? I wanted to show you the cabin . We only had another half-hour to go . Well , now we're stuck . What can we do ?
I know . This is terrible . What can we do ? This snow doesn't stop falling ! I told you we should have stayed in town today . The weather report said 100 percent chance of snow . Why did you want to come up here ? I wanted to show you the cabin . We only had another half-hour to go . Well , now we're stuck . What can we do ? I don't know .
I told you we should have stayed in town today . The weather report said 100 percent chance of snow . Why did you want to come up here ? I wanted to show you the cabin . We only had another half-hour to go . Well , now we're stuck . What can we do ? I don't know . I've heard that when this happens , it's important to save energy .
I wanted to show you the cabin . We only had another half-hour to go . Well , now we're stuck . What can we do ? I don't know . I've heard that when this happens , it's important to save energy . What do you mean ?
Well , now we're stuck . What can we do ? I don't know . I've heard that when this happens , it's important to save energy . What do you mean ? We're stranded here , Tom . We may be here a long time . We need to conserve the gas in the car . The car's energy is what will keep us warm .
I don't know . I've heard that when this happens , it's important to save energy . What do you mean ? We're stranded here , Tom . We may be here a long time . We need to conserve the gas in the car . The car's energy is what will keep us warm . I have plenty of gas .
I've heard that when this happens , it's important to save energy . What do you mean ? We're stranded here , Tom . We may be here a long time . We need to conserve the gas in the car . The car's energy is what will keep us warm . I have plenty of gas . Yes , but the gas and the battery both have to stay working . We can't just let the car run and run . If we do , it will die soon . Then we'll freeze .
What do you mean ? We're stranded here , Tom . We may be here a long time . We need to conserve the gas in the car . The car's energy is what will keep us warm . I have plenty of gas . Yes , but the gas and the battery both have to stay working . We can't just let the car run and run . If we do , it will die soon . Then we'll freeze . So what can we do ?
We're stranded here , Tom . We may be here a long time . We need to conserve the gas in the car . The car's energy is what will keep us warm . I have plenty of gas . Yes , but the gas and the battery both have to stay working . We can't just let the car run and run . If we do , it will die soon . Then we'll freeze . So what can we do ? Turn the lights off . Then , run the car and the heater only about fifteen minutes every hour . That will conserve the heat as long as possible .
I have plenty of gas . Yes , but the gas and the battery both have to stay working . We can't just let the car run and run . If we do , it will die soon . Then we'll freeze . So what can we do ? Turn the lights off . Then , run the car and the heater only about fifteen minutes every hour . That will conserve the heat as long as possible . Alright . That's a good idea .
Yes , but the gas and the battery both have to stay working . We can't just let the car run and run . If we do , it will die soon . Then we'll freeze . So what can we do ? Turn the lights off . Then , run the car and the heater only about fifteen minutes every hour . That will conserve the heat as long as possible . Alright . That's a good idea . I wish we hadn't come up here . Now we'll probably be here for days .
So what can we do ? Turn the lights off . Then , run the car and the heater only about fifteen minutes every hour . That will conserve the heat as long as possible . Alright . That's a good idea . I wish we hadn't come up here . Now we'll probably be here for days . Days ?
Turn the lights off . Then , run the car and the heater only about fifteen minutes every hour . That will conserve the heat as long as possible . Alright . That's a good idea . I wish we hadn't come up here . Now we'll probably be here for days . Days ? Yes , it happens . That is what happens in big snowstorms . People get stranded for days .
Alright . That's a good idea . I wish we hadn't come up here . Now we'll probably be here for days . Days ? Yes , it happens . That is what happens in big snowstorms . People get stranded for days . Oh , my God ! It's good we have food .
Can I borrow five bucks ? No ! Come on ! I'll pay you back on Tuesday . Last time I lent you money , you never paid me back . I promise if you lend me five dollars today , I will repay you in full next week .
No ! Come on ! I'll pay you back on Tuesday . Last time I lent you money , you never paid me back . I promise if you lend me five dollars today , I will repay you in full next week . Ok , but I'm taking your skateboard as collateral .
Come on ! I'll pay you back on Tuesday . Last time I lent you money , you never paid me back . I promise if you lend me five dollars today , I will repay you in full next week . Ok , but I'm taking your skateboard as collateral . Fine ! I can't believe you don't trust me .
What can I do for you today ? I need to buy a new refrigerator today . Were you looking at a particular refrigerator ? I like that Kenmore refrigerator . This particular refrigerator is a very good choice .
I need to buy a new refrigerator today . Were you looking at a particular refrigerator ? I like that Kenmore refrigerator . This particular refrigerator is a very good choice . Tell me about it .
Were you looking at a particular refrigerator ? I like that Kenmore refrigerator . This particular refrigerator is a very good choice . Tell me about it . Not only is it affordable , but it comes with all the appliances .
I like that Kenmore refrigerator . This particular refrigerator is a very good choice . Tell me about it . Not only is it affordable , but it comes with all the appliances . What are the appliances .
This particular refrigerator is a very good choice . Tell me about it . Not only is it affordable , but it comes with all the appliances . What are the appliances . It has an ice maker , water dispenser , and plenty of room on the inside .
Tell me about it . Not only is it affordable , but it comes with all the appliances . What are the appliances . It has an ice maker , water dispenser , and plenty of room on the inside . I'd like to see it for myself .
Not only is it affordable , but it comes with all the appliances . What are the appliances . It has an ice maker , water dispenser , and plenty of room on the inside . I'd like to see it for myself . Go right ahead .
I often sneeze after having a bad itch inside my nose . Sometimes this is accompanied by an itching throat . Any other discomfort ? Yes . Sometimes I can notice a constriction in the chest and shortness of breath after a fit of sneezing . And I often suffer from a running nose with a profuse watery discharge . Does it occur seasonally or all year round ? It has been seasonal during these past three years .
Any other discomfort ? Yes . Sometimes I can notice a constriction in the chest and shortness of breath after a fit of sneezing . And I often suffer from a running nose with a profuse watery discharge . Does it occur seasonally or all year round ? It has been seasonal during these past three years . Are you sensitive to other things ?
Yes . Sometimes I can notice a constriction in the chest and shortness of breath after a fit of sneezing . And I often suffer from a running nose with a profuse watery discharge . Does it occur seasonally or all year round ? It has been seasonal during these past three years . Are you sensitive to other things ? Yes , things like seafood and penicillin-type drugs .
Does it occur seasonally or all year round ? It has been seasonal during these past three years . Are you sensitive to other things ? Yes , things like seafood and penicillin-type drugs . OK . Let me examine your nose . According to your case history and the examination , I believe that it's allergic rhinitis .
It has been seasonal during these past three years . Are you sensitive to other things ? Yes , things like seafood and penicillin-type drugs . OK . Let me examine your nose . According to your case history and the examination , I believe that it's allergic rhinitis . What useful treatment can you offer ?
We've been waiting here for nearly ten minutes now , and there still isn't a bus in sight . I'm afraid we'll be late for the party . Have you got the time , Tom ? Yes , my watch says a quarter to seven . but there is something wrong with my watch ! But you bought it only last month .
I'm afraid we'll be late for the party . Have you got the time , Tom ? Yes , my watch says a quarter to seven . but there is something wrong with my watch ! But you bought it only last month . Yes , but ever since I bought it , it gains about five minutes a day , so I ' Ve got to have it repaired .
Have you got the time , Tom ? Yes , my watch says a quarter to seven . but there is something wrong with my watch ! But you bought it only last month . Yes , but ever since I bought it , it gains about five minutes a day , so I ' Ve got to have it repaired . How long will it take us to get there ?
Yes , my watch says a quarter to seven . but there is something wrong with my watch ! But you bought it only last month . Yes , but ever since I bought it , it gains about five minutes a day , so I ' Ve got to have it repaired . How long will it take us to get there ? I think about ten minutes by bus .
But you bought it only last month . Yes , but ever since I bought it , it gains about five minutes a day , so I ' Ve got to have it repaired . How long will it take us to get there ? I think about ten minutes by bus . It's not far away , then . Let's walk , it's beginning to rain .
Hello , could I speak to Allison , please ? I'm sorry ; he's out at the moment . When do you expect him back ? I think he'll be back in about an hour at least . Well , may I leave a message ?
I'm sorry ; he's out at the moment . When do you expect him back ? I think he'll be back in about an hour at least . Well , may I leave a message ? Yes , of course .
When do you expect him back ? I think he'll be back in about an hour at least . Well , may I leave a message ? Yes , of course . Would you please ask him to call Chris when he gets back ?
I think he'll be back in about an hour at least . Well , may I leave a message ? Yes , of course . Would you please ask him to call Chris when he gets back ? Ok . Does he know your number ?
Well , may I leave a message ? Yes , of course . Would you please ask him to call Chris when he gets back ? Ok . Does he know your number ? I'm afraid he doesn't . My mobile is 139- 2477 - 4026 .
I'm about to run out of business cards . I need some new ones . We can print as many as you like . Just tell me how many . Two thousand should get me through the year . Here's a form to get you started . My old card is perfect , so all I want you to do is copy it exactly .
We can print as many as you like . Just tell me how many . Two thousand should get me through the year . Here's a form to get you started . My old card is perfect , so all I want you to do is copy it exactly . I think you'll be very pleased with how well we duplicate your old card .
Two thousand should get me through the year . Here's a form to get you started . My old card is perfect , so all I want you to do is copy it exactly . I think you'll be very pleased with how well we duplicate your old card . ... Here you go
Here's a form to get you started . My old card is perfect , so all I want you to do is copy it exactly . I think you'll be very pleased with how well we duplicate your old card . ... Here you go Thanks . Come back here next Wednesday to pick up your order , please .
My old card is perfect , so all I want you to do is copy it exactly . I think you'll be very pleased with how well we duplicate your old card . ... Here you go Thanks . Come back here next Wednesday to pick up your order , please . I'm sorry , but can you give me a three-day turnaround ?
How was your interview ? Pretty good . The HR manager asked me the usual questions . Then he wondered why I had decided to leave my previous job . What did you say ? I told him that I hadn ' t got a raise for three years . I also told him that one of my best co-workers quitted her job because she had not been promoted for eight years . Did he want to know the reasons ?
Pretty good . The HR manager asked me the usual questions . Then he wondered why I had decided to leave my previous job . What did you say ? I told him that I hadn ' t got a raise for three years . I also told him that one of my best co-workers quitted her job because she had not been promoted for eight years . Did he want to know the reasons ? Yes . I told him that my boss made some excuses of the recession . But I thought he had a pattern and a record of promoting men only .
What did you say ? I told him that I hadn ' t got a raise for three years . I also told him that one of my best co-workers quitted her job because she had not been promoted for eight years . Did he want to know the reasons ? Yes . I told him that my boss made some excuses of the recession . But I thought he had a pattern and a record of promoting men only . That ' s sex discrimination . When will you get the reply ?
I told him that I hadn ' t got a raise for three years . I also told him that one of my best co-workers quitted her job because she had not been promoted for eight years . Did he want to know the reasons ? Yes . I told him that my boss made some excuses of the recession . But I thought he had a pattern and a record of promoting men only . That ' s sex discrimination . When will you get the reply ? In a couple of days , I was told .
Did he want to know the reasons ? Yes . I told him that my boss made some excuses of the recession . But I thought he had a pattern and a record of promoting men only . That ' s sex discrimination . When will you get the reply ? In a couple of days , I was told . Wish you good luck !
We are here . OK . How much is the fare ? The total is 45 yuan . 45 yuan ? It is too much , Are you sure ? It is 45 yuan on the meter .
OK . How much is the fare ? The total is 45 yuan . 45 yuan ? It is too much , Are you sure ? It is 45 yuan on the meter . Is there something wrong with your meter ?
The total is 45 yuan . 45 yuan ? It is too much , Are you sure ? It is 45 yuan on the meter . Is there something wrong with your meter ? No . I am sure about that .
45 yuan ? It is too much , Are you sure ? It is 45 yuan on the meter . Is there something wrong with your meter ? No . I am sure about that . OK . Could you give me a receipt ?
Good morning , May . Good girl , you are reading English books again . Good morning . There is no reason to miss so beautiful a morning . Is that a new bird ? Oh , yes , my daughter bought it yesterday . We call her Lulu . It looks so cute . Is it a parrot ? Yes . Just look at her colorful feathers . What else can it be ?
Good morning . There is no reason to miss so beautiful a morning . Is that a new bird ? Oh , yes , my daughter bought it yesterday . We call her Lulu . It looks so cute . Is it a parrot ? Yes . Just look at her colorful feathers . What else can it be ? I see . It's interesting that there is also a parrot in my English book . His mane is Polly .
Oh , yes , my daughter bought it yesterday . We call her Lulu . It looks so cute . Is it a parrot ? Yes . Just look at her colorful feathers . What else can it be ? I see . It's interesting that there is also a parrot in my English book . His mane is Polly . Really ? A foreign parrot !
It looks so cute . Is it a parrot ? Yes . Just look at her colorful feathers . What else can it be ? I see . It's interesting that there is also a parrot in my English book . His mane is Polly . Really ? A foreign parrot ! He can speak English , too .
Yes . Just look at her colorful feathers . What else can it be ? I see . It's interesting that there is also a parrot in my English book . His mane is Polly . Really ? A foreign parrot ! He can speak English , too . Maybe you can teach Lulu some English words .
Good afternoon , madam . Is there anything I can do for you ? Yes , I spent so much time sightseeing here . It is already so late now . I am afraid I can't catch the last bus back to downtown . Don't worry . I will try to get a taxi for you . You can take it to the bus station . I am very grateful to your help . Don't mention it . It is my duty .
David , we have been doing business for three years , haven't we ? Yes , I'm glad we've had very pleasant cooperation in the previous years . And your achievement for promoting our clothes was great in the three years . So , I wish to apply for the sole agency of your product in our local market . If you give us the agency , that will be more substantial for our cooperation . To be frank , you are not the only one who applies for an agent for us in your country . I'd like to know some ideas of terms on which you would be willing to operate as our agent . As we are a well-established company , we are very familiar with the customers ' needs . Besides , we can make full use of our good connections with the wholesalers and retailers here and develop a good market for your products if appointed as your agent .
Yes , I'm glad we've had very pleasant cooperation in the previous years . And your achievement for promoting our clothes was great in the three years . So , I wish to apply for the sole agency of your product in our local market . If you give us the agency , that will be more substantial for our cooperation . To be frank , you are not the only one who applies for an agent for us in your country . I'd like to know some ideas of terms on which you would be willing to operate as our agent . As we are a well-established company , we are very familiar with the customers ' needs . Besides , we can make full use of our good connections with the wholesalers and retailers here and develop a good market for your products if appointed as your agent . Sounds reasonable . I will tell my boss about you agent application . Another question , what do you think is the minimum annual sales you can guarantee ?
So , I wish to apply for the sole agency of your product in our local market . If you give us the agency , that will be more substantial for our cooperation . To be frank , you are not the only one who applies for an agent for us in your country . I'd like to know some ideas of terms on which you would be willing to operate as our agent . As we are a well-established company , we are very familiar with the customers ' needs . Besides , we can make full use of our good connections with the wholesalers and retailers here and develop a good market for your products if appointed as your agent . Sounds reasonable . I will tell my boss about you agent application . Another question , what do you think is the minimum annual sales you can guarantee ? To be on the safe side , and for garment of all materials , sizes , and styles , I think the amount will be 50,000 pieces a year .
To be frank , you are not the only one who applies for an agent for us in your country . I'd like to know some ideas of terms on which you would be willing to operate as our agent . As we are a well-established company , we are very familiar with the customers ' needs . Besides , we can make full use of our good connections with the wholesalers and retailers here and develop a good market for your products if appointed as your agent . Sounds reasonable . I will tell my boss about you agent application . Another question , what do you think is the minimum annual sales you can guarantee ? To be on the safe side , and for garment of all materials , sizes , and styles , I think the amount will be 50,000 pieces a year . Well . As our sole agency , you will neither handle the same or similar products of other origins nor re-export our goods to any other area outside your own .
How can I help you ? well , I'm looking for some summer clothes . Oh , it is the right time for you purchasing in our clothes shop . We are now having a low price on all our summer apparel . Really ? What's that ? Everything for summer is 20 % off .
well , I'm looking for some summer clothes . Oh , it is the right time for you purchasing in our clothes shop . We are now having a low price on all our summer apparel . Really ? What's that ? Everything for summer is 20 % off . I like this T-shirt . Would you like to help me look for any skirts that go with it ?
Oh , it is the right time for you purchasing in our clothes shop . We are now having a low price on all our summer apparel . Really ? What's that ? Everything for summer is 20 % off . I like this T-shirt . Would you like to help me look for any skirts that go with it ? Sure . We have both skirts and trousers that would look well with the T-shirt . Look at this section .
Really ? What's that ? Everything for summer is 20 % off . I like this T-shirt . Would you like to help me look for any skirts that go with it ? Sure . We have both skirts and trousers that would look well with the T-shirt . Look at this section . This one is good .
Everything for summer is 20 % off . I like this T-shirt . Would you like to help me look for any skirts that go with it ? Sure . We have both skirts and trousers that would look well with the T-shirt . Look at this section . This one is good . You have good taste . It is very much in style this year .
I like this T-shirt . Would you like to help me look for any skirts that go with it ? Sure . We have both skirts and trousers that would look well with the T-shirt . Look at this section . This one is good . You have good taste . It is very much in style this year . I'll take this one . How much are they ?
Sure . We have both skirts and trousers that would look well with the T-shirt . Look at this section . This one is good . You have good taste . It is very much in style this year . I'll take this one . How much are they ? 160 yuan .
Hey , buddy , can ' t you see there ' s a line ? Oh , sorry . I didn ' t know . What ? You haven ' t taken the bus before ? No , I ' m afraid not . Well , you have to wait in line like everyone else . Besides , you should let old people on first .
Oh , sorry . I didn ' t know . What ? You haven ' t taken the bus before ? No , I ' m afraid not . Well , you have to wait in line like everyone else . Besides , you should let old people on first . Sorry .
What ? You haven ' t taken the bus before ? No , I ' m afraid not . Well , you have to wait in line like everyone else . Besides , you should let old people on first . Sorry . It ' s all right . Where are you going ?
No , I ' m afraid not . Well , you have to wait in line like everyone else . Besides , you should let old people on first . Sorry . It ' s all right . Where are you going ? I wanted to see the White House .
Well , you have to wait in line like everyone else . Besides , you should let old people on first . Sorry . It ' s all right . Where are you going ? I wanted to see the White House . Oh , well you don ' t want this bus , anyway . It goes to Georgetown .
Sorry . It ' s all right . Where are you going ? I wanted to see the White House . Oh , well you don ' t want this bus , anyway . It goes to Georgetown . Oh , no .
It ' s all right . Where are you going ? I wanted to see the White House . Oh , well you don ' t want this bus , anyway . It goes to Georgetown . Oh , no . It ' s all right , though . Just get off at the next stop and catch the 79A .
I wanted to see the White House . Oh , well you don ' t want this bus , anyway . It goes to Georgetown . Oh , no . It ' s all right , though . Just get off at the next stop and catch the 79A . Oh , well thank you very much .
There are many art craft items in this shop . I suggest you take your time , and you might find something you like . That's what I am going to do . If you have any problem , please come to me . I surely will . How much is this wood carving ? You are an expert on it . That wood carving is very rare . But I'm so sorry . that is not for sell .
That's what I am going to do . If you have any problem , please come to me . I surely will . How much is this wood carving ? You are an expert on it . That wood carving is very rare . But I'm so sorry . that is not for sell . That's OK . Is anything else recommended ?
If you have any problem , please come to me . I surely will . How much is this wood carving ? You are an expert on it . That wood carving is very rare . But I'm so sorry . that is not for sell . That's OK . Is anything else recommended ? Do you have any special request ?
I surely will . How much is this wood carving ? You are an expert on it . That wood carving is very rare . But I'm so sorry . that is not for sell . That's OK . Is anything else recommended ? Do you have any special request ? I'd like to see some traditional arts .
You are an expert on it . That wood carving is very rare . But I'm so sorry . that is not for sell . That's OK . Is anything else recommended ? Do you have any special request ? I'd like to see some traditional arts . So that means you are shopping for presents ?
That's OK . Is anything else recommended ? Do you have any special request ? I'd like to see some traditional arts . So that means you are shopping for presents ? Yes , I'm just here to pick out some special presents for my foreign friends .
Do you have any special request ? I'd like to see some traditional arts . So that means you are shopping for presents ? Yes , I'm just here to pick out some special presents for my foreign friends . Actually , I think the paper-cuts is OK , because it is easy to carry and foreign friends are also interested in it . They think that is a miracle .
I'd like to see some traditional arts . So that means you are shopping for presents ? Yes , I'm just here to pick out some special presents for my foreign friends . Actually , I think the paper-cuts is OK , because it is easy to carry and foreign friends are also interested in it . They think that is a miracle . Sounds good . I'll take paper-cut .
So that means you are shopping for presents ? Yes , I'm just here to pick out some special presents for my foreign friends . Actually , I think the paper-cuts is OK , because it is easy to carry and foreign friends are also interested in it . They think that is a miracle . Sounds good . I'll take paper-cut . I have collected different kinds of paper-cuts all over the country , you can pick the one you like best .
Yes , I'm just here to pick out some special presents for my foreign friends . Actually , I think the paper-cuts is OK , because it is easy to carry and foreign friends are also interested in it . They think that is a miracle . Sounds good . I'll take paper-cut . I have collected different kinds of paper-cuts all over the country , you can pick the one you like best . You collect them yourself ? I think that you are just doing the wholesale .
Actually , I think the paper-cuts is OK , because it is easy to carry and foreign friends are also interested in it . They think that is a miracle . Sounds good . I'll take paper-cut . I have collected different kinds of paper-cuts all over the country , you can pick the one you like best . You collect them yourself ? I think that you are just doing the wholesale . As a matter of fact , I open the shop because I'm interested in the arts . I spent lots of time doing research on the folk art of our country .
I ' m interested in teaching at your school . Great . Are you a qualified teacher ? Yes . What kind of teaching certificate do you have ? I have a TEFL certificate .
Great . Are you a qualified teacher ? Yes . What kind of teaching certificate do you have ? I have a TEFL certificate . How many years of experience do you have ?
Yes . What kind of teaching certificate do you have ? I have a TEFL certificate . How many years of experience do you have ? I have three years of teaching ESL and four years of teaching per-school children .
What kind of teaching certificate do you have ? I have a TEFL certificate . How many years of experience do you have ? I have three years of teaching ESL and four years of teaching per-school children . When did you get your TEFL certificate ?
I have a TEFL certificate . How many years of experience do you have ? I have three years of teaching ESL and four years of teaching per-school children . When did you get your TEFL certificate ? I got my TEFL certificate three years ago .
How many years of experience do you have ? I have three years of teaching ESL and four years of teaching per-school children . When did you get your TEFL certificate ? I got my TEFL certificate three years ago . Why do you want to teach at our school ?
I have three years of teaching ESL and four years of teaching per-school children . When did you get your TEFL certificate ? I got my TEFL certificate three years ago . Why do you want to teach at our school ? Well , I ' Ve heard many good things about it . I also like teaching young children .
When did you get your TEFL certificate ? I got my TEFL certificate three years ago . Why do you want to teach at our school ? Well , I ' Ve heard many good things about it . I also like teaching young children . That ' s great . Can you speak Chinese ?
I got my TEFL certificate three years ago . Why do you want to teach at our school ? Well , I ' Ve heard many good things about it . I also like teaching young children . That ' s great . Can you speak Chinese ? Yes , just a little .
Why do you want to teach at our school ? Well , I ' Ve heard many good things about it . I also like teaching young children . That ' s great . Can you speak Chinese ? Yes , just a little . Can you come in for an interview tomorrow at 10:00 ?
Well , I ' Ve heard many good things about it . I also like teaching young children . That ' s great . Can you speak Chinese ? Yes , just a little . Can you come in for an interview tomorrow at 10:00 ? I sure can .
Holly ? Holly Madison , is that you ? You look great ! You haven't changed a bit . Uh ... Andrew . Hello . I can't quite remember you . It's me . The D-man ! I sat behind you in English . Are you and Taylor still dating ? Um ... we never were . We're just friends . Well , if you're not seeing anyone , maybe we could ...
Happy Birthday , this is for you , Brian . I'm so happy you remember , please come in and enjoy the party . Everyone's here , I'm sure you have a good time . Brian , may I have a pleasure to have a dance with you ? Ok . This is really wonderful party .
I'm so happy you remember , please come in and enjoy the party . Everyone's here , I'm sure you have a good time . Brian , may I have a pleasure to have a dance with you ? Ok . This is really wonderful party . Yes , you are always popular with everyone . and you look very pretty today .
Brian , may I have a pleasure to have a dance with you ? Ok . This is really wonderful party . Yes , you are always popular with everyone . and you look very pretty today . Thanks , that's very kind of you to say . I hope my necklace goes with my dress , and they both make me look good I feel .
Ok . This is really wonderful party . Yes , you are always popular with everyone . and you look very pretty today . Thanks , that's very kind of you to say . I hope my necklace goes with my dress , and they both make me look good I feel . You look great , you are absolutely glowing .
It's raining heavily . We have to find a shelter . All right . Let's go under the tree . No , we can't . It's thundering .
Excuse me , could you tell me the bookshop ' s address ? Yes , the bookshop is just around the corner . Turn left and you ' ll see the bookshop . Thank you very much . By the way , is the hospital beside the bookshop . Right , if you see the bookshop , you can see the hospital . Thank you for your help .
Have you ever thought about having children , Kaitlyn ? My husband and I have thought about it , but we've decided not to have any . They're just too expensive . Besides , with all the news about global warming on the news lately , who knows what kind of Worl Well , I've always wanted to have lots of children . Growing up with only one brother , I always felt a bit lonely . What do you think about families with only one child ? For me , growing up in a big family always made me yearn for attention . I always wanted to be an only child so that I could always do what I wanted and so that I wouldn't ever have to share . Don't you think you would miss having other people around ?
My husband and I have thought about it , but we've decided not to have any . They're just too expensive . Besides , with all the news about global warming on the news lately , who knows what kind of Worl Well , I've always wanted to have lots of children . Growing up with only one brother , I always felt a bit lonely . What do you think about families with only one child ? For me , growing up in a big family always made me yearn for attention . I always wanted to be an only child so that I could always do what I wanted and so that I wouldn't ever have to share . Don't you think you would miss having other people around ? No way ! I spent 20 years of my life with relatives around me 24-7 . You know , I don't think I've ever actually spent any time by myself in my parents ' home . What do you think fo the one-child policy
Well , I've always wanted to have lots of children . Growing up with only one brother , I always felt a bit lonely . What do you think about families with only one child ? For me , growing up in a big family always made me yearn for attention . I always wanted to be an only child so that I could always do what I wanted and so that I wouldn't ever have to share . Don't you think you would miss having other people around ? No way ! I spent 20 years of my life with relatives around me 24-7 . You know , I don't think I've ever actually spent any time by myself in my parents ' home . What do you think fo the one-child policy If China didn't have such a policy , can you imagine how many people there would be in China now ?
For me , growing up in a big family always made me yearn for attention . I always wanted to be an only child so that I could always do what I wanted and so that I wouldn't ever have to share . Don't you think you would miss having other people around ? No way ! I spent 20 years of my life with relatives around me 24-7 . You know , I don't think I've ever actually spent any time by myself in my parents ' home . What do you think fo the one-child policy If China didn't have such a policy , can you imagine how many people there would be in China now ? That's true . But as a woman , I'm glad that even though I don't want any children , I at least have a choice in how many children I have . On the other hand , I can't imagine what China would be like
Don't you think you would miss having other people around ? No way ! I spent 20 years of my life with relatives around me 24-7 . You know , I don't think I've ever actually spent any time by myself in my parents ' home . What do you think fo the one-child policy If China didn't have such a policy , can you imagine how many people there would be in China now ? That's true . But as a woman , I'm glad that even though I don't want any children , I at least have a choice in how many children I have . On the other hand , I can't imagine what China would be like Do you think most families with many children envy or feel sorry for other families with only one child ?
We will go to Luoyang for a vacation next month . How long will you stay there ? About one week . Where will you live during the vacation . In the hotel .
How long will you stay there ? About one week . Where will you live during the vacation . In the hotel . Have you made a reservation ?
About one week . Where will you live during the vacation . In the hotel . Have you made a reservation ? Yes , we have .
Come in and sit down , Jack . Now , what's the trouble ? I've got a terrible pain in my stomach , Doctor . I see . When did it start ? It started yesterday . I didn't eat any supper . Have you got a temperature ?
I've got a terrible pain in my stomach , Doctor . I see . When did it start ? It started yesterday . I didn't eat any supper . Have you got a temperature ? I think so . I feel very hot .
I see . When did it start ? It started yesterday . I didn't eat any supper . Have you got a temperature ? I think so . I feel very hot . Let's see . Yes . You ' Ve got quite a high temperature .
It started yesterday . I didn't eat any supper . Have you got a temperature ? I think so . I feel very hot . Let's see . Yes . You ' Ve got quite a high temperature . I've got an awful headache , too , and my throat hurts .
Have you got a temperature ? I think so . I feel very hot . Let's see . Yes . You ' Ve got quite a high temperature . I've got an awful headache , too , and my throat hurts . Hm ... I think you ' Ve got the flu .
I think so . I feel very hot . Let's see . Yes . You ' Ve got quite a high temperature . I've got an awful headache , too , and my throat hurts . Hm ... I think you ' Ve got the flu . Is it serious ?
Let's see . Yes . You ' Ve got quite a high temperature . I've got an awful headache , too , and my throat hurts . Hm ... I think you ' Ve got the flu . Is it serious ? No , not at all , but you must stay in bed for three days and take this medicine .
I've got an awful headache , too , and my throat hurts . Hm ... I think you ' Ve got the flu . Is it serious ? No , not at all , but you must stay in bed for three days and take this medicine . How often must I take it ?
Hm ... I think you ' Ve got the flu . Is it serious ? No , not at all , but you must stay in bed for three days and take this medicine . How often must I take it ? Three times a day after meals .
Oh , so the zoo is over there . Thank you so much for your help . You ' re welcome . Can I ask you what brings you to China ? I ' m actually travelling around Asia . Oh , very nice . How long will you be in Beijing ? Probably another week .
You ' re welcome . Can I ask you what brings you to China ? I ' m actually travelling around Asia . Oh , very nice . How long will you be in Beijing ? Probably another week . Oh , I see . Well , I ' ll give you my phone number and if you need a guide , please call me .
Hello , Anna . Come in and sit down . Hello , doctor . What's the matter ? I've got a backache . Do you often suffer from backache ?
Hello , doctor . What's the matter ? I've got a backache . Do you often suffer from backache ? No , I don't . I've never had a bad one before .
What's the matter ? I've got a backache . Do you often suffer from backache ? No , I don't . I've never had a bad one before . When did it start ?
I've got a backache . Do you often suffer from backache ? No , I don't . I've never had a bad one before . When did it start ? About four days ago .
Do you often suffer from backache ? No , I don't . I've never had a bad one before . When did it start ? About four days ago . Well , go home and rest in bed for two days , then you'll feel better .
No , I don't . I've never had a bad one before . When did it start ? About four days ago . Well , go home and rest in bed for two days , then you'll feel better . Can you give me some medicine ? It's very painful .
Hello ? This is John Smith . Can I speak to Mr . White , please ? This is Mr . White speaking . Hi . I understand that you have a house for sale , haven ' t you ? Yes . I ' d like to know more about it .
This is Mr . White speaking . Hi . I understand that you have a house for sale , haven ' t you ? Yes . I ' d like to know more about it . Can you come to my office this afternoon at 3 o ' clock ?
Hi . I understand that you have a house for sale , haven ' t you ? Yes . I ' d like to know more about it . Can you come to my office this afternoon at 3 o ' clock ? OK . I will be there .
Yes . I ' d like to know more about it . Can you come to my office this afternoon at 3 o ' clock ? OK . I will be there . Thank you for calling . Goodbye .
Hello , who is speaking ? Hello , this is John . I want to speak to Linda . This is her . Hi , Linda , I'm just calling to invite you to a dinner party tomorrow evening . Really ? What time and where ?
Hello , this is John . I want to speak to Linda . This is her . Hi , Linda , I'm just calling to invite you to a dinner party tomorrow evening . Really ? What time and where ? 7:30 PM at London-Chinese restaurant . I \ ' ll be at your place at seven to pick you up if you need a ride .
This is her . Hi , Linda , I'm just calling to invite you to a dinner party tomorrow evening . Really ? What time and where ? 7:30 PM at London-Chinese restaurant . I \ ' ll be at your place at seven to pick you up if you need a ride . Yes , please , I'll need a ride . I'll be waiting for you then .
Hi , Linda , I'm just calling to invite you to a dinner party tomorrow evening . Really ? What time and where ? 7:30 PM at London-Chinese restaurant . I \ ' ll be at your place at seven to pick you up if you need a ride . Yes , please , I'll need a ride . I'll be waiting for you then . See you tomorrow at seven . Make sure your dress a little formally . I heard the restaurant is kind of upscale .
Really ? What time and where ? 7:30 PM at London-Chinese restaurant . I \ ' ll be at your place at seven to pick you up if you need a ride . Yes , please , I'll need a ride . I'll be waiting for you then . See you tomorrow at seven . Make sure your dress a little formally . I heard the restaurant is kind of upscale . Thank you , see you then .
Hello , can I help ? I'm from Lexington Software and I'm here to collect an export L / C . I have it right here . Great . Can I take it with me now ? Or do you need me to fill in some forms or something ? No , you can take it away now . I just need you to sign here .
I'm from Lexington Software and I'm here to collect an export L / C . I have it right here . Great . Can I take it with me now ? Or do you need me to fill in some forms or something ? No , you can take it away now . I just need you to sign here . Here you are .
I have it right here . Great . Can I take it with me now ? Or do you need me to fill in some forms or something ? No , you can take it away now . I just need you to sign here . Here you are . Just one thing before you go , could you please prepare your documents in accordance with the L / C within the validity period ?
My aunt told me one of her secrets--cellophane tape . I just got it at the special health store . It's for my flabby arms . Let me know how it works . I have to say , I have had enough of this roller coaster . I know what you mean . I'm like a yo-yo .
Do you have a reservation , sir ? No , I ' m afraid we don ' t . I ' m sorry the restaurant is full now . You have to wait for about half an hour . Would you like to have a drink at the lounge until there ' s a table available . No , thanks , I ' ll come back later . May I reserve a table for two ? Yes , of course . May I have your name , sir ?
No , I ' m afraid we don ' t . I ' m sorry the restaurant is full now . You have to wait for about half an hour . Would you like to have a drink at the lounge until there ' s a table available . No , thanks , I ' ll come back later . May I reserve a table for two ? Yes , of course . May I have your name , sir ? Bruce By the way , can we have a table by the window ?
I ' m sorry the restaurant is full now . You have to wait for about half an hour . Would you like to have a drink at the lounge until there ' s a table available . No , thanks , I ' ll come back later . May I reserve a table for two ? Yes , of course . May I have your name , sir ? Bruce By the way , can we have a table by the window ? we ' ll try to arrange it , but I can ' t guarantee sir .
No , thanks , I ' ll come back later . May I reserve a table for two ? Yes , of course . May I have your name , sir ? Bruce By the way , can we have a table by the window ? we ' ll try to arrange it , but I can ' t guarantee sir . That ' s fine .
What shall we do when we find a shortage in the shipment ? You should do one of the two things - either to lodge a claim with the shipowner or with the insurance company . Shall we leave it to the brokers ? Yes . They usually do it . Do they charge for that ?
You should do one of the two things - either to lodge a claim with the shipowner or with the insurance company . Shall we leave it to the brokers ? Yes . They usually do it . Do they charge for that ? Of course . In Europe , they charge a commission of 1 % of the amount of the claim for their service .
Shall we leave it to the brokers ? Yes . They usually do it . Do they charge for that ? Of course . In Europe , they charge a commission of 1 % of the amount of the claim for their service . Is it the same in America ?
Yes . They usually do it . Do they charge for that ? Of course . In Europe , they charge a commission of 1 % of the amount of the claim for their service . Is it the same in America ? They do the work without charge to the importer .
Do they charge for that ? Of course . In Europe , they charge a commission of 1 % of the amount of the claim for their service . Is it the same in America ? They do the work without charge to the importer . It's part of their service , isn't it ?
Of course . In Europe , they charge a commission of 1 % of the amount of the claim for their service . Is it the same in America ? They do the work without charge to the importer . It's part of their service , isn't it ? Exactly .
Is it the same in America ? They do the work without charge to the importer . It's part of their service , isn't it ? Exactly . Is it enough to claim with an on board bill of lading ?
They do the work without charge to the importer . It's part of their service , isn't it ? Exactly . Is it enough to claim with an on board bill of lading ? No , you must also obtain a statement from the shipping agent certifying that the goods were actually loaded on their vessel for shipment .
It's part of their service , isn't it ? Exactly . Is it enough to claim with an on board bill of lading ? No , you must also obtain a statement from the shipping agent certifying that the goods were actually loaded on their vessel for shipment . I see . By the way , how do we prove the ownership of our goods ?
Exactly . Is it enough to claim with an on board bill of lading ? No , you must also obtain a statement from the shipping agent certifying that the goods were actually loaded on their vessel for shipment . I see . By the way , how do we prove the ownership of our goods ? You must provide full original set of ocean bills of lading original insurance policy or certificate and the original commercia invoice .
Is it enough to claim with an on board bill of lading ? No , you must also obtain a statement from the shipping agent certifying that the goods were actually loaded on their vessel for shipment . I see . By the way , how do we prove the ownership of our goods ? You must provide full original set of ocean bills of lading original insurance policy or certificate and the original commercia invoice . I see . Thank you .
Can I be of any service to you ? I've been told that Chinese arts and crafts are famous for their excellent workmanship . We'd like to take some home . What would you recommend ? There are over a thousands kinds of articles in our shop . For example , there is tricolored pottery originating in the Tang Dynasty , embroidery , batik , jade carving , just to name a few . Do you have anything in mind ? No , not really . But I think it should be something distinctively Chinese . And easy to carry . I would suggest you buy paper-cuts , embroidery and batik . They are very easy to carry .
Hi , I would like to purchase a one way ticket to Brussels , please . Certainly sir , this is our train schedule . We have an express train departing every morning and an overnight train that departs at nine pm . How long does it take to get there ? About twelve hours . We currently have tickets available only for first class on the express train . If you ' d like , you can choose a sleeper on the overnight train which is a bit less expensive . Yeah , I think that is the best option . Do you serve food on the train ? Twelve hours is such a long time !
Certainly sir , this is our train schedule . We have an express train departing every morning and an overnight train that departs at nine pm . How long does it take to get there ? About twelve hours . We currently have tickets available only for first class on the express train . If you ' d like , you can choose a sleeper on the overnight train which is a bit less expensive . Yeah , I think that is the best option . Do you serve food on the train ? Twelve hours is such a long time ! Yes , of course . There is a dining car towards the front of the train where they serve meals at all times . We do provide complimentary water and coffee for all of our passengers .
How long does it take to get there ? About twelve hours . We currently have tickets available only for first class on the express train . If you ' d like , you can choose a sleeper on the overnight train which is a bit less expensive . Yeah , I think that is the best option . Do you serve food on the train ? Twelve hours is such a long time ! Yes , of course . There is a dining car towards the front of the train where they serve meals at all times . We do provide complimentary water and coffee for all of our passengers . Great ! I ' ll take it .
About twelve hours . We currently have tickets available only for first class on the express train . If you ' d like , you can choose a sleeper on the overnight train which is a bit less expensive . Yeah , I think that is the best option . Do you serve food on the train ? Twelve hours is such a long time ! Yes , of course . There is a dining car towards the front of the train where they serve meals at all times . We do provide complimentary water and coffee for all of our passengers . Great ! I ' ll take it . Here you are sir . Your train leaves from platform number nine at nine on the dot . Remember to be here at least thirty minutes before your scheduled departure time or else you might miss your train !
Yeah , I think that is the best option . Do you serve food on the train ? Twelve hours is such a long time ! Yes , of course . There is a dining car towards the front of the train where they serve meals at all times . We do provide complimentary water and coffee for all of our passengers . Great ! I ' ll take it . Here you are sir . Your train leaves from platform number nine at nine on the dot . Remember to be here at least thirty minutes before your scheduled departure time or else you might miss your train ! I understand . Thank you very much !
Can I have the check please ? Right away , sir . Is this amount correct ? Yes , sir , it is . Thank you , the service was good
Hey , Jimmy , you've been sitting in front of the TV all day . Anything interesting on TV ? Not really . Quite boring right now , actually . Mostly infomercials and public service announcements . Why don't you turn off the TV and get outside ? You need to get some fresh air . I know , I know . But my favorite show is on in a couple of minutes . It's the series finals , and I wouldn't miss it for the world ! Really ? What's the series about ?
Not really . Quite boring right now , actually . Mostly infomercials and public service announcements . Why don't you turn off the TV and get outside ? You need to get some fresh air . I know , I know . But my favorite show is on in a couple of minutes . It's the series finals , and I wouldn't miss it for the world ! Really ? What's the series about ? Well , it's about how an immigrant girl achieve her dream in America . It's a sitcom but really quite smart and really funny . I think you'd like it .
Why don't you turn off the TV and get outside ? You need to get some fresh air . I know , I know . But my favorite show is on in a couple of minutes . It's the series finals , and I wouldn't miss it for the world ! Really ? What's the series about ? Well , it's about how an immigrant girl achieve her dream in America . It's a sitcom but really quite smart and really funny . I think you'd like it . It sounds interesting , but I am not a big fan of TV shows . They're time consuming and don't have much depth .
I know , I know . But my favorite show is on in a couple of minutes . It's the series finals , and I wouldn't miss it for the world ! Really ? What's the series about ? Well , it's about how an immigrant girl achieve her dream in America . It's a sitcom but really quite smart and really funny . I think you'd like it . It sounds interesting , but I am not a big fan of TV shows . They're time consuming and don't have much depth . I believe some shows are quite informative and interesting . Take this show for example , it examines American xenophobia and how it might conflict with the American dream , with hilarious results .
Really ? What's the series about ? Well , it's about how an immigrant girl achieve her dream in America . It's a sitcom but really quite smart and really funny . I think you'd like it . It sounds interesting , but I am not a big fan of TV shows . They're time consuming and don't have much depth . I believe some shows are quite informative and interesting . Take this show for example , it examines American xenophobia and how it might conflict with the American dream , with hilarious results . Really ? that's interesting !
Well , it's about how an immigrant girl achieve her dream in America . It's a sitcom but really quite smart and really funny . I think you'd like it . It sounds interesting , but I am not a big fan of TV shows . They're time consuming and don't have much depth . I believe some shows are quite informative and interesting . Take this show for example , it examines American xenophobia and how it might conflict with the American dream , with hilarious results . Really ? that's interesting ! Yeah . Oh , here it comes ! why don't we watch it together ? they are going to have a court debate in this episode . It should be good .
Hello . This is Dr . Galas Office . Can I help you ? Yes . I ' d like to make an appointment with Dr . Galas . Could you arrange it for me ? Sure . Let me check his schedule . How about tomorrow afternoon at 2:30 ? I ' m not available tomorrow afternoon . How about tomorrow morning ? I ' m sorry . Dr . Galas is fully engaged tomorrow morning . How about the day after tomorrow at 9:30 in the morning ?
Yes . I ' d like to make an appointment with Dr . Galas . Could you arrange it for me ? Sure . Let me check his schedule . How about tomorrow afternoon at 2:30 ? I ' m not available tomorrow afternoon . How about tomorrow morning ? I ' m sorry . Dr . Galas is fully engaged tomorrow morning . How about the day after tomorrow at 9:30 in the morning ? That ' s fine . Thanks .
Sure . Let me check his schedule . How about tomorrow afternoon at 2:30 ? I ' m not available tomorrow afternoon . How about tomorrow morning ? I ' m sorry . Dr . Galas is fully engaged tomorrow morning . How about the day after tomorrow at 9:30 in the morning ? That ' s fine . Thanks . You ' re welcome . Could I have your name and phone number , please ?
I ' m not available tomorrow afternoon . How about tomorrow morning ? I ' m sorry . Dr . Galas is fully engaged tomorrow morning . How about the day after tomorrow at 9:30 in the morning ? That ' s fine . Thanks . You ' re welcome . Could I have your name and phone number , please ? Certainly . My name is Janet Smith , and my phone number is 610-555-1234 .
I ' m sorry . Dr . Galas is fully engaged tomorrow morning . How about the day after tomorrow at 9:30 in the morning ? That ' s fine . Thanks . You ' re welcome . Could I have your name and phone number , please ? Certainly . My name is Janet Smith , and my phone number is 610-555-1234 . Very good , Ms . Smith . I have scheduled an appointment for you on Wednesday at 9:30 am .
That ' s fine . Thanks . You ' re welcome . Could I have your name and phone number , please ? Certainly . My name is Janet Smith , and my phone number is 610-555-1234 . Very good , Ms . Smith . I have scheduled an appointment for you on Wednesday at 9:30 am . Thank you very much .
Hi , Mark . Hi , Bill . I ' d like to take the apartment I looked at yesterday . All right . So , what do we do now ? This is the lease . You should read the lease very carefully before you sign it because it describes your legal rights and responsibilities as a tenant . The lease also describes our rights and responsibilities as landlords .
Hi , Bill . I ' d like to take the apartment I looked at yesterday . All right . So , what do we do now ? This is the lease . You should read the lease very carefully before you sign it because it describes your legal rights and responsibilities as a tenant . The lease also describes our rights and responsibilities as landlords . Okay . ( Reads the lease ) So , according to the lease , I ' ll deposit one month ' s rent as a security deposit , and I have to pay the first month ' s rent in advance . I understand that I ' ll get the security deposit back when I move out if the apartment does not need any costly repairs .
All right . So , what do we do now ? This is the lease . You should read the lease very carefully before you sign it because it describes your legal rights and responsibilities as a tenant . The lease also describes our rights and responsibilities as landlords . Okay . ( Reads the lease ) So , according to the lease , I ' ll deposit one month ' s rent as a security deposit , and I have to pay the first month ' s rent in advance . I understand that I ' ll get the security deposit back when I move out if the apartment does not need any costly repairs . Yes . If you do not damage the apartment , you will get your security deposit back when you move out .
So , what do we do now ? This is the lease . You should read the lease very carefully before you sign it because it describes your legal rights and responsibilities as a tenant . The lease also describes our rights and responsibilities as landlords . Okay . ( Reads the lease ) So , according to the lease , I ' ll deposit one month ' s rent as a security deposit , and I have to pay the first month ' s rent in advance . I understand that I ' ll get the security deposit back when I move out if the apartment does not need any costly repairs . Yes . If you do not damage the apartment , you will get your security deposit back when you move out . Can I pay you by check ?
This is the lease . You should read the lease very carefully before you sign it because it describes your legal rights and responsibilities as a tenant . The lease also describes our rights and responsibilities as landlords . Okay . ( Reads the lease ) So , according to the lease , I ' ll deposit one month ' s rent as a security deposit , and I have to pay the first month ' s rent in advance . I understand that I ' ll get the security deposit back when I move out if the apartment does not need any costly repairs . Yes . If you do not damage the apartment , you will get your security deposit back when you move out . Can I pay you by check ? Sure . A check will be fine .
Okay . ( Reads the lease ) So , according to the lease , I ' ll deposit one month ' s rent as a security deposit , and I have to pay the first month ' s rent in advance . I understand that I ' ll get the security deposit back when I move out if the apartment does not need any costly repairs . Yes . If you do not damage the apartment , you will get your security deposit back when you move out . Can I pay you by check ? Sure . A check will be fine . Is there a laundry room in the basement ?
Yes . If you do not damage the apartment , you will get your security deposit back when you move out . Can I pay you by check ? Sure . A check will be fine . Is there a laundry room in the basement ? Yes .
Excuse me . I need to refill this prescription . It says on the bottle here that you can have two refills . Yes , I need to refill it today . Alright . I'm sorry , Miss . According to our file , this prescription has already been refilled twice . I was worried about that . I couldn't remember if I had it refilled twice yet or not .
It says on the bottle here that you can have two refills . Yes , I need to refill it today . Alright . I'm sorry , Miss . According to our file , this prescription has already been refilled twice . I was worried about that . I couldn't remember if I had it refilled twice yet or not . Well , it looks like you have . You will need to see your doctor to get a new prescription .
Yes , I need to refill it today . Alright . I'm sorry , Miss . According to our file , this prescription has already been refilled twice . I was worried about that . I couldn't remember if I had it refilled twice yet or not . Well , it looks like you have . You will need to see your doctor to get a new prescription . Listen . This is an emergency . I tried to call my doctor , but he is out of town . So I can't see him in time . I need this medicine . It is for skin condition . I've run out . Can you just refill it once more ?
Alright . I'm sorry , Miss . According to our file , this prescription has already been refilled twice . I was worried about that . I couldn't remember if I had it refilled twice yet or not . Well , it looks like you have . You will need to see your doctor to get a new prescription . Listen . This is an emergency . I tried to call my doctor , but he is out of town . So I can't see him in time . I need this medicine . It is for skin condition . I've run out . Can you just refill it once more ? I'm sorry , Miss . We can't do it . We must follow the prescription . And this prescription has run out .
I was worried about that . I couldn't remember if I had it refilled twice yet or not . Well , it looks like you have . You will need to see your doctor to get a new prescription . Listen . This is an emergency . I tried to call my doctor , but he is out of town . So I can't see him in time . I need this medicine . It is for skin condition . I've run out . Can you just refill it once more ? I'm sorry , Miss . We can't do it . We must follow the prescription . And this prescription has run out . But I need it . Please . Refill it for me just this once . I can go to the doctor around ten days from now . Then I'll have another prescription .
Well , it looks like you have . You will need to see your doctor to get a new prescription . Listen . This is an emergency . I tried to call my doctor , but he is out of town . So I can't see him in time . I need this medicine . It is for skin condition . I've run out . Can you just refill it once more ? I'm sorry , Miss . We can't do it . We must follow the prescription . And this prescription has run out . But I need it . Please . Refill it for me just this once . I can go to the doctor around ten days from now . Then I'll have another prescription . Miss , I understand your problem . But it is against the law for us to sell certain medicines without a prescription . It ' s the law . I can't do anything about it . We never sell medicine unless we have a proper prescription . Never .
Listen . This is an emergency . I tried to call my doctor , but he is out of town . So I can't see him in time . I need this medicine . It is for skin condition . I've run out . Can you just refill it once more ? I'm sorry , Miss . We can't do it . We must follow the prescription . And this prescription has run out . But I need it . Please . Refill it for me just this once . I can go to the doctor around ten days from now . Then I'll have another prescription . Miss , I understand your problem . But it is against the law for us to sell certain medicines without a prescription . It ' s the law . I can't do anything about it . We never sell medicine unless we have a proper prescription . Never . But I have a prescription . I just need more of it .
I'm sorry , Miss . We can't do it . We must follow the prescription . And this prescription has run out . But I need it . Please . Refill it for me just this once . I can go to the doctor around ten days from now . Then I'll have another prescription . Miss , I understand your problem . But it is against the law for us to sell certain medicines without a prescription . It ' s the law . I can't do anything about it . We never sell medicine unless we have a proper prescription . Never . But I have a prescription . I just need more of it . A prescription must be valid . It cannot be an expired prescription . I'm sorry , Miss . It's the law . You will have to find another doctor who will prescribe this for you .
But I need it . Please . Refill it for me just this once . I can go to the doctor around ten days from now . Then I'll have another prescription . Miss , I understand your problem . But it is against the law for us to sell certain medicines without a prescription . It ' s the law . I can't do anything about it . We never sell medicine unless we have a proper prescription . Never . But I have a prescription . I just need more of it . A prescription must be valid . It cannot be an expired prescription . I'm sorry , Miss . It's the law . You will have to find another doctor who will prescribe this for you . Oh , it will be so expensive ! I have a special medical plan , and I can only see one doctor . It will cost me a lot of money to see another doctor .
Miss , I understand your problem . But it is against the law for us to sell certain medicines without a prescription . It ' s the law . I can't do anything about it . We never sell medicine unless we have a proper prescription . Never . But I have a prescription . I just need more of it . A prescription must be valid . It cannot be an expired prescription . I'm sorry , Miss . It's the law . You will have to find another doctor who will prescribe this for you . Oh , it will be so expensive ! I have a special medical plan , and I can only see one doctor . It will cost me a lot of money to see another doctor . Miss , I just can't help you on this . I'm a pharmacist , not a doctor . And there are other customers I need to help now . I know it is frustrating when this happens . But there is nothing I can do about it . I'm sorry .
But I have a prescription . I just need more of it . A prescription must be valid . It cannot be an expired prescription . I'm sorry , Miss . It's the law . You will have to find another doctor who will prescribe this for you . Oh , it will be so expensive ! I have a special medical plan , and I can only see one doctor . It will cost me a lot of money to see another doctor . Miss , I just can't help you on this . I'm a pharmacist , not a doctor . And there are other customers I need to help now . I know it is frustrating when this happens . But there is nothing I can do about it . I'm sorry . This is ridiculous ! In Taiwan , it is much easier to get medicine when I need it .
Can you tell me a little bit about yourself ? I am a graduate of a technical university and have been employed as a technician with Company or approximately 10 years . Please explain why you are interested in leaving your current position and please elaborate on your technical skills . I am looking for a growth opportunity , which I feel is not available at my current employer . In terms of skills , I am Microsoft certified in Windows XP and several other operating system Where do you see yourself five years from now ?
Hey , Jim . It's time to wake up and get out of bed . Do I have to get up now ? You'd better get up , or you'll be late . What're you talking about ? My alarm even hasn't gone off yet . Yes , it did . It went off thirty minutes ago . You slept right through it . You're like a dead person while you sleep .
Do I have to get up now ? You'd better get up , or you'll be late . What're you talking about ? My alarm even hasn't gone off yet . Yes , it did . It went off thirty minutes ago . You slept right through it . You're like a dead person while you sleep . I must have slept right through it .
You'd better get up , or you'll be late . What're you talking about ? My alarm even hasn't gone off yet . Yes , it did . It went off thirty minutes ago . You slept right through it . You're like a dead person while you sleep . I must have slept right through it . Rise and shine ! Sleepyhead !
What're you talking about ? My alarm even hasn't gone off yet . Yes , it did . It went off thirty minutes ago . You slept right through it . You're like a dead person while you sleep . I must have slept right through it . Rise and shine ! Sleepyhead ! Just let me sleep five more minutes .
Yes , it did . It went off thirty minutes ago . You slept right through it . You're like a dead person while you sleep . I must have slept right through it . Rise and shine ! Sleepyhead ! Just let me sleep five more minutes . The early bird gets the worm .
I must have slept right through it . Rise and shine ! Sleepyhead ! Just let me sleep five more minutes . The early bird gets the worm . I know , I know . But I don't want any worms .
Did you ever buy food from the snack stands near our hotel ? Yes , several times . How do you like them ? Not bad . I always have the temptation to eat something there .
Yes , several times . How do you like them ? Not bad . I always have the temptation to eat something there . Then , why didn't you do that ?
How do you like them ? Not bad . I always have the temptation to eat something there . Then , why didn't you do that ? I don't know how much we can trust them . Do you have any ideas ?
Not bad . I always have the temptation to eat something there . Then , why didn't you do that ? I don't know how much we can trust them . Do you have any ideas ? Some of them , I think , are not good .
I always have the temptation to eat something there . Then , why didn't you do that ? I don't know how much we can trust them . Do you have any ideas ? Some of them , I think , are not good . It doesn't taste good ?
Then , why didn't you do that ? I don't know how much we can trust them . Do you have any ideas ? Some of them , I think , are not good . It doesn't taste good ? No , I mean some of them are not clean enough .
I don't know how much we can trust them . Do you have any ideas ? Some of them , I think , are not good . It doesn't taste good ? No , I mean some of them are not clean enough . That's my greatest concern . But how can you tell which one is clean ?
Some of them , I think , are not good . It doesn't taste good ? No , I mean some of them are not clean enough . That's my greatest concern . But how can you tell which one is clean ? I judge by appearances .
It doesn't taste good ? No , I mean some of them are not clean enough . That's my greatest concern . But how can you tell which one is clean ? I judge by appearances . I got it . I think it's worth trying .
No , I mean some of them are not clean enough . That's my greatest concern . But how can you tell which one is clean ? I judge by appearances . I got it . I think it's worth trying . It certainly is .
That's my greatest concern . But how can you tell which one is clean ? I judge by appearances . I got it . I think it's worth trying . It certainly is . I'd like to try some kebab , roasted squid , and many different appealing things .
I judge by appearances . I got it . I think it's worth trying . It certainly is . I'd like to try some kebab , roasted squid , and many different appealing things . Don't try everything at one time , please .
Hey there , you look a little lost . Are you new here ? Yeah how ' d you know ? You can always spot the newbies . I can give you a few pointers if you want . Were you trying to use this machine here ? Yeah ! I just started my training today and I ' m not really sure where to begin . It ' s ok , I know how it is . This machine here will work out your upper body , mainly your triceps and biceps . Are you looking to develop strength or muscle tone and definition ?
Yeah how ' d you know ? You can always spot the newbies . I can give you a few pointers if you want . Were you trying to use this machine here ? Yeah ! I just started my training today and I ' m not really sure where to begin . It ' s ok , I know how it is . This machine here will work out your upper body , mainly your triceps and biceps . Are you looking to develop strength or muscle tone and definition ? Well , I don ' t want to be ripped like you ! I just want a good physique with weights and Carpio .
You can always spot the newbies . I can give you a few pointers if you want . Were you trying to use this machine here ? Yeah ! I just started my training today and I ' m not really sure where to begin . It ' s ok , I know how it is . This machine here will work out your upper body , mainly your triceps and biceps . Are you looking to develop strength or muscle tone and definition ? Well , I don ' t want to be ripped like you ! I just want a good physique with weights and Carpio . In that case you want to work with less weight . You can start off by working ten to fifteen reps in four sets . Five kilo weights should be enough . Now it ' s very important that you stretch before pumping iron or you might pull a muscle .
Yeah ! I just started my training today and I ' m not really sure where to begin . It ' s ok , I know how it is . This machine here will work out your upper body , mainly your triceps and biceps . Are you looking to develop strength or muscle tone and definition ? Well , I don ' t want to be ripped like you ! I just want a good physique with weights and Carpio . In that case you want to work with less weight . You can start off by working ten to fifteen reps in four sets . Five kilo weights should be enough . Now it ' s very important that you stretch before pumping iron or you might pull a muscle . Got it ! Wow is that the weight you are lifting ? My goodness that ' s a lot of weight !
Where do you come from ? I come from Greece . What's the climate like in your country ? It's very pleasant . What's the weather like in spring ?
I come from Greece . What's the climate like in your country ? It's very pleasant . What's the weather like in spring ? It's often windy in March . It's always warm in April and May , but it rains sometimes .
What's the climate like in your country ? It's very pleasant . What's the weather like in spring ? It's often windy in March . It's always warm in April and May , but it rains sometimes . What's it like in summer ?
It's very pleasant . What's the weather like in spring ? It's often windy in March . It's always warm in April and May , but it rains sometimes . What's it like in summer ? It's always hot in June , July and August . The sun shines every day .
What's the weather like in spring ? It's often windy in March . It's always warm in April and May , but it rains sometimes . What's it like in summer ? It's always hot in June , July and August . The sun shines every day . Is it cold or warm in autumn ?
It's often windy in March . It's always warm in April and May , but it rains sometimes . What's it like in summer ? It's always hot in June , July and August . The sun shines every day . Is it cold or warm in autumn ? It's always warm in September and October . It's often cold in November and it rains sometimes .
What's it like in summer ? It's always hot in June , July and August . The sun shines every day . Is it cold or warm in autumn ? It's always warm in September and October . It's often cold in November and it rains sometimes . Is it very cold in winter ?
Good afternoon , Sir . You're here to see about a Temporary Loan , right ? The loans we offer are for purchasing income-generating assets . Is that what you require ? Yes , that's exactly what I need . How about terms for these ? Well , we offer 60 - day or 90 - day loans . The balance of the loan is to be repaid in full by the end of the specified period . Is there any flexibility on that ? Unfortunately , not .
Yes , that's exactly what I need . How about terms for these ? Well , we offer 60 - day or 90 - day loans . The balance of the loan is to be repaid in full by the end of the specified period . Is there any flexibility on that ? Unfortunately , not . OK . In my position , I think the best way to go would be for the 90 - day loan . That would give us a little more time to sort out the repayment plan .
Do you sometimes feel overwhelmed by your work ? Of course ! It is the No . 1 stressor in my life . You know job stress has become a very common problem these days . So we must learn to cope with it . Totally agree . What is your solution ? Well , there are two causes of job stress . One is employee characteristic and the other is company condition . So if we want to manage job stress , both we and the companies should do something . For me , I am trying to balance work and leisure time . You know , all work and no play make Jack a dull boy . You seem to have a very relaxed outlook .
Of course ! It is the No . 1 stressor in my life . You know job stress has become a very common problem these days . So we must learn to cope with it . Totally agree . What is your solution ? Well , there are two causes of job stress . One is employee characteristic and the other is company condition . So if we want to manage job stress , both we and the companies should do something . For me , I am trying to balance work and leisure time . You know , all work and no play make Jack a dull boy . You seem to have a very relaxed outlook . It is necessary . Positive attitude helps to prevent stress .
Totally agree . What is your solution ? Well , there are two causes of job stress . One is employee characteristic and the other is company condition . So if we want to manage job stress , both we and the companies should do something . For me , I am trying to balance work and leisure time . You know , all work and no play make Jack a dull boy . You seem to have a very relaxed outlook . It is necessary . Positive attitude helps to prevent stress . But I don ' t think we can change our working condition . Anyway , we are not the bosses .
Taxi ! Yes , sir . Where to ? The city square , please . Are you in a hurry ? Yes , I have to be there to meet a friend at 5 thirty pm . So we're sure we can get there on time ?
Yes , sir . Where to ? The city square , please . Are you in a hurry ? Yes , I have to be there to meet a friend at 5 thirty pm . So we're sure we can get there on time ? I'm afraid not , sir . Generally we can , but you know how it is in the rush hour now .
The city square , please . Are you in a hurry ? Yes , I have to be there to meet a friend at 5 thirty pm . So we're sure we can get there on time ? I'm afraid not , sir . Generally we can , but you know how it is in the rush hour now . I see . Here's the extra 5 $ for you if you can get me there on time .
Are you in a hurry ? Yes , I have to be there to meet a friend at 5 thirty pm . So we're sure we can get there on time ? I'm afraid not , sir . Generally we can , but you know how it is in the rush hour now . I see . Here's the extra 5 $ for you if you can get me there on time . All right . I'll do my best .
Yes , I have to be there to meet a friend at 5 thirty pm . So we're sure we can get there on time ? I'm afraid not , sir . Generally we can , but you know how it is in the rush hour now . I see . Here's the extra 5 $ for you if you can get me there on time . All right . I'll do my best . Oh . we made it . Thank you . How much do I own you ?
I'm afraid not , sir . Generally we can , but you know how it is in the rush hour now . I see . Here's the extra 5 $ for you if you can get me there on time . All right . I'll do my best . Oh . we made it . Thank you . How much do I own you ? The reading on the kilometer is 12 $ .
I see . Here's the extra 5 $ for you if you can get me there on time . All right . I'll do my best . Oh . we made it . Thank you . How much do I own you ? The reading on the kilometer is 12 $ . Here's the money , keep the changes , please .
All right . I'll do my best . Oh . we made it . Thank you . How much do I own you ? The reading on the kilometer is 12 $ . Here's the money , keep the changes , please . Do you need a receipt ?
What is your salary at present ? My present pay is 100,000 Yuan per year . What are your salary expectations now ? I like to be paid more than that . Hopefully , 120,000 Yuan per year . That's a little more than we had planned .
My present pay is 100,000 Yuan per year . What are your salary expectations now ? I like to be paid more than that . Hopefully , 120,000 Yuan per year . That's a little more than we had planned . I think you'll find I'm worth that .
What are your salary expectations now ? I like to be paid more than that . Hopefully , 120,000 Yuan per year . That's a little more than we had planned . I think you'll find I'm worth that . I can only offer you 110,000 Yuan a year . Raises will be given after a three-month probation according to your performance . Is that satisfactory ?
Peter , how often do you exercise ? Well , I swim and run every day . Now , tell me , what do you eat ? Well , I don't eat any meat , but I do eat fish and eggs . Do you eat a lot of vegetables ?
Well , I swim and run every day . Now , tell me , what do you eat ? Well , I don't eat any meat , but I do eat fish and eggs . Do you eat a lot of vegetables ? Oh yes , and fruit , I love fruit .
Now , tell me , what do you eat ? Well , I don't eat any meat , but I do eat fish and eggs . Do you eat a lot of vegetables ? Oh yes , and fruit , I love fruit . What do you drink ?
Well , I don't eat any meat , but I do eat fish and eggs . Do you eat a lot of vegetables ? Oh yes , and fruit , I love fruit . What do you drink ? Well , I never drink alcohol , coffee or tea . They are very bad for you .
I need to go to the ATM . So , why don ' t you ? I have no idea how to use the ATM . What do you mean ? This will be my first time using an ATM .
So , why don ' t you ? I have no idea how to use the ATM . What do you mean ? This will be my first time using an ATM . I can help you with that .
I have no idea how to use the ATM . What do you mean ? This will be my first time using an ATM . I can help you with that . Explain to me how to use it .
What do you mean ? This will be my first time using an ATM . I can help you with that . Explain to me how to use it . Just put your card into the machine .
This will be my first time using an ATM . I can help you with that . Explain to me how to use it . Just put your card into the machine . Now what do I do ?
I can help you with that . Explain to me how to use it . Just put your card into the machine . Now what do I do ? Then you need to type in your PIN .
Explain to me how to use it . Just put your card into the machine . Now what do I do ? Then you need to type in your PIN . Now what ?
May we see the wine list please ? Sure . Our special wine today is a 1989 Chardonnay . That sounds pretty good ! How much is it ? It's $ 4 . 25 cents by the glass . The whole bottle is $ 22 . 5 . I'd like a bottle please .
Sure . Our special wine today is a 1989 Chardonnay . That sounds pretty good ! How much is it ? It's $ 4 . 25 cents by the glass . The whole bottle is $ 22 . 5 . I'd like a bottle please . I'll need to see your ID please .
That sounds pretty good ! How much is it ? It's $ 4 . 25 cents by the glass . The whole bottle is $ 22 . 5 . I'd like a bottle please . I'll need to see your ID please . Here you go .
What date would you like to depart , sir ? Do you have any seats for September 16th ? Let's see ... I'm afraid the 16th is fully booked . But I have seats for the 17th . The 17th will be fine . And what date will you be returning ?
Do you have any seats for September 16th ? Let's see ... I'm afraid the 16th is fully booked . But I have seats for the 17th . The 17th will be fine . And what date will you be returning ? Hmm , I guess on the 28th .
Let's see ... I'm afraid the 16th is fully booked . But I have seats for the 17th . The 17th will be fine . And what date will you be returning ? Hmm , I guess on the 28th . Okay , you ' re booked on American Airlines flight 710 , departing JFK at 6:40 p . m . on September 17th . Your return flight is flight 711 , departing London ' s Heathrow Airport at 11:15 a . m . on September 28th .
Excuse me , I'd like to have these pants I bought here yesterday altered . Here's my receipt . Certainly , sir . What would you like done to them ? They're a little bit too long , so I'd like about half an inch taken off them . All right , sir . They should be ready for you by tomorrow afternoon . Thank you very much .
What kind of a car do you have ? An old one . I know it's old , but what make is it ? It's a Chevrolet . Why do you ask ? You going into the car business ? Nothing like that . My cousin is going to take a job overseas and he can't take his car with him , so he's going to sell it - cheap . It's practically new .
An old one . I know it's old , but what make is it ? It's a Chevrolet . Why do you ask ? You going into the car business ? Nothing like that . My cousin is going to take a job overseas and he can't take his car with him , so he's going to sell it - cheap . It's practically new . well I have been thinking about getting a newer car . I can't afford a brand new one .
I know it's old , but what make is it ? It's a Chevrolet . Why do you ask ? You going into the car business ? Nothing like that . My cousin is going to take a job overseas and he can't take his car with him , so he's going to sell it - cheap . It's practically new . well I have been thinking about getting a newer car . I can't afford a brand new one . Would you like to look at my cousin's car ?
It's a Chevrolet . Why do you ask ? You going into the car business ? Nothing like that . My cousin is going to take a job overseas and he can't take his car with him , so he's going to sell it - cheap . It's practically new . well I have been thinking about getting a newer car . I can't afford a brand new one . Would you like to look at my cousin's car ? Is it a four-door or a two-door ?
Nothing like that . My cousin is going to take a job overseas and he can't take his car with him , so he's going to sell it - cheap . It's practically new . well I have been thinking about getting a newer car . I can't afford a brand new one . Would you like to look at my cousin's car ? Is it a four-door or a two-door ? It's a coupe with a vinyl roof .
well I have been thinking about getting a newer car . I can't afford a brand new one . Would you like to look at my cousin's car ? Is it a four-door or a two-door ? It's a coupe with a vinyl roof . Does it have automatic transmission ? .
Would you like to look at my cousin's car ? Is it a four-door or a two-door ? It's a coupe with a vinyl roof . Does it have automatic transmission ? . Yes , and it also has power steering , power brakes , and air conditioning .
Come in , please . Good morning , sir ! Good morning , please make yourself comfortable . Thank you , sir . Your name and examination number , please .
Good morning , sir ! Good morning , please make yourself comfortable . Thank you , sir . Your name and examination number , please . My name is Du Tao , number 3 .
Good morning , please make yourself comfortable . Thank you , sir . Your name and examination number , please . My name is Du Tao , number 3 . Pardon ?
Thank you , sir . Your name and examination number , please . My name is Du Tao , number 3 . Pardon ? Du Tao . D-U for Du and T-A - 0 for Tao .
Your name and examination number , please . My name is Du Tao , number 3 . Pardon ? Du Tao . D-U for Du and T-A - 0 for Tao . Yes , Mr . Du , when were you born ?
My name is Du Tao , number 3 . Pardon ? Du Tao . D-U for Du and T-A - 0 for Tao . Yes , Mr . Du , when were you born ? I was born on January 1st , 1988 . I ' m 20 years old now .
Pardon ? Du Tao . D-U for Du and T-A - 0 for Tao . Yes , Mr . Du , when were you born ? I was born on January 1st , 1988 . I ' m 20 years old now . Where do you live ?
Du Tao . D-U for Du and T-A - 0 for Tao . Yes , Mr . Du , when were you born ? I was born on January 1st , 1988 . I ' m 20 years old now . Where do you live ? I ' m living at Room 222 , Building 18 , N . P . U .
Yes , Mr . Du , when were you born ? I was born on January 1st , 1988 . I ' m 20 years old now . Where do you live ? I ' m living at Room 222 , Building 18 , N . P . U . Can you leave me your phone number ?
Oh ! ! ! I have a horrible toothache . You should go to the dentist . I hate dentists . Well , suffer then . If you have a toothache , you have to go to the dentist . It always hurts . I hate going .
You should go to the dentist . I hate dentists . Well , suffer then . If you have a toothache , you have to go to the dentist . It always hurts . I hate going . Stop being such a baby . If it really hurts that much , just let them knock you out .
I hate dentists . Well , suffer then . If you have a toothache , you have to go to the dentist . It always hurts . I hate going . Stop being such a baby . If it really hurts that much , just let them knock you out . O . K . , O . K . , I ' ll go .
Would you like a cigarette ? No , thanks . I've decided to give up smoking . Really ? Why ? Well , it's just that I think if you don't enjoy doing something any more , you should stop doing it . I see . You mean you don't enjoy smoking any more ?
No , thanks . I've decided to give up smoking . Really ? Why ? Well , it's just that I think if you don't enjoy doing something any more , you should stop doing it . I see . You mean you don't enjoy smoking any more ? That's right . You should give it up , too . It ' s bad for your health .
Really ? Why ? Well , it's just that I think if you don't enjoy doing something any more , you should stop doing it . I see . You mean you don't enjoy smoking any more ? That's right . You should give it up , too . It ' s bad for your health . Stop talking like my mother . That's what she keeps saying .
Well , it's just that I think if you don't enjoy doing something any more , you should stop doing it . I see . You mean you don't enjoy smoking any more ? That's right . You should give it up , too . It ' s bad for your health . Stop talking like my mother . That's what she keeps saying . But it's true . It's a nasty habit . I can't think why I ever started . Anyway , it's obviously got you in its grip !
I see . You mean you don't enjoy smoking any more ? That's right . You should give it up , too . It ' s bad for your health . Stop talking like my mother . That's what she keeps saying . But it's true . It's a nasty habit . I can't think why I ever started . Anyway , it's obviously got you in its grip ! What do you mean ? What are you talking about ?
Kate , you never believe what's happened . What do you mean ? Masha and Hero are getting divorced . You are kidding . What happened ? Well , I don't really know , but I heard that they are having a separation for 2 months , and filed for divorce .
What do you mean ? Masha and Hero are getting divorced . You are kidding . What happened ? Well , I don't really know , but I heard that they are having a separation for 2 months , and filed for divorce . That's really surprising . I always thought they are well matched . What about the kids ? Who get custody ?
Masha and Hero are getting divorced . You are kidding . What happened ? Well , I don't really know , but I heard that they are having a separation for 2 months , and filed for divorce . That's really surprising . I always thought they are well matched . What about the kids ? Who get custody ? Masha , it seems quiet and makable , no quarrelling about who get the house and stock and then contesting the divorce with other details worked out .
You are kidding . What happened ? Well , I don't really know , but I heard that they are having a separation for 2 months , and filed for divorce . That's really surprising . I always thought they are well matched . What about the kids ? Who get custody ? Masha , it seems quiet and makable , no quarrelling about who get the house and stock and then contesting the divorce with other details worked out . That's the change from all the back stepping we usually hear about . Well , I still can't believe it , Masha and Hero , the perfect couple . When would they divorce be final ?
That's really convenient . We were wondering if you could take a little off the rent , though . I can take two thousand off . That'll make the rent twenty-eight thousand . That's great . Every little bit counts . And we don't need the parking space . I guess we could rent it out . Sure , for at least three thousand per month . That'll bring the price down to twenty-five . That's the price we were shooting for .
Mr . Black , I ' d like to take some time off . I ' Ve been feeling exhausted these days . That's no problem . Let me see ... You still have ten days annual leave left , is that right ? Yes . I was wondering if I could take another two weeks off . That's long leave . How's your project coming along ? The project I'm in charged of now will be done by the end of this week . I'd like to take my leave from next Monday on .
That's no problem . Let me see ... You still have ten days annual leave left , is that right ? Yes . I was wondering if I could take another two weeks off . That's long leave . How's your project coming along ? The project I'm in charged of now will be done by the end of this week . I'd like to take my leave from next Monday on . Well , all right . But you make sure to tie up loose ends before you leave .
Yes . I was wondering if I could take another two weeks off . That's long leave . How's your project coming along ? The project I'm in charged of now will be done by the end of this week . I'd like to take my leave from next Monday on . Well , all right . But you make sure to tie up loose ends before you leave . Thank you , Mr . Black . There are no immediate projects coming up at the moment . Mr . Smith will be in charge during my absence . He is taking part in several projects as my assistant and knows how to maintain relationships with our clients .
That's long leave . How's your project coming along ? The project I'm in charged of now will be done by the end of this week . I'd like to take my leave from next Monday on . Well , all right . But you make sure to tie up loose ends before you leave . Thank you , Mr . Black . There are no immediate projects coming up at the moment . Mr . Smith will be in charge during my absence . He is taking part in several projects as my assistant and knows how to maintain relationships with our clients . Great ! I hope you have a good relaxation and come back refreshed .
It is my first time coming to China . I want to buy something unique of China to my friends as gifts . We have a great variety of Chinese antiques and porcelain . Do you like them ? Yes , I love them , but they are fragile . It is not convenient to take them . You are right . How about paintings and embroidered handkerchiefs ? Sounds good . May I have a look ?
We have a great variety of Chinese antiques and porcelain . Do you like them ? Yes , I love them , but they are fragile . It is not convenient to take them . You are right . How about paintings and embroidered handkerchiefs ? Sounds good . May I have a look ? Of course . These paintings have many designs , such as animals , flowers , landscape , aquatics and so on .
Yes , I love them , but they are fragile . It is not convenient to take them . You are right . How about paintings and embroidered handkerchiefs ? Sounds good . May I have a look ? Of course . These paintings have many designs , such as animals , flowers , landscape , aquatics and so on . They are beautiful , but I can't understand the connotation in them . Let me see the handkerchiefs .
You are right . How about paintings and embroidered handkerchiefs ? Sounds good . May I have a look ? Of course . These paintings have many designs , such as animals , flowers , landscape , aquatics and so on . They are beautiful , but I can't understand the connotation in them . Let me see the handkerchiefs . All right . Chinese embroidery is one traditional art with elaborate design and high quality .
Sounds good . May I have a look ? Of course . These paintings have many designs , such as animals , flowers , landscape , aquatics and so on . They are beautiful , but I can't understand the connotation in them . Let me see the handkerchiefs . All right . Chinese embroidery is one traditional art with elaborate design and high quality . Oh , I like the bamboo design . What is this ?
Of course . These paintings have many designs , such as animals , flowers , landscape , aquatics and so on . They are beautiful , but I can't understand the connotation in them . Let me see the handkerchiefs . All right . Chinese embroidery is one traditional art with elaborate design and high quality . Oh , I like the bamboo design . What is this ? This is a series of animals , called Chinese zodiac .
They are beautiful , but I can't understand the connotation in them . Let me see the handkerchiefs . All right . Chinese embroidery is one traditional art with elaborate design and high quality . Oh , I like the bamboo design . What is this ? This is a series of animals , called Chinese zodiac . Good . So I will take three series and five bamboo ones .
I've got a temperature and my stomach hurts . How long have you been feeling this way ? It all started the day before yesterday . You seem to have picked up some kind of infection . What should I do ?
Excuse me , did you see a set of keys ? What kind of keys ? Five keys and a small foot ornament . What a shame ! I didn't see them . Well , can you help me look for it ? That's my first time here .
What kind of keys ? Five keys and a small foot ornament . What a shame ! I didn't see them . Well , can you help me look for it ? That's my first time here . Sure . It's my pleasure . I'd like to help you look for the missing keys .
Five keys and a small foot ornament . What a shame ! I didn't see them . Well , can you help me look for it ? That's my first time here . Sure . It's my pleasure . I'd like to help you look for the missing keys . It's very kind of you .
What a shame ! I didn't see them . Well , can you help me look for it ? That's my first time here . Sure . It's my pleasure . I'd like to help you look for the missing keys . It's very kind of you . It's not a big deal . Hey , I found them .
Well , can you help me look for it ? That's my first time here . Sure . It's my pleasure . I'd like to help you look for the missing keys . It's very kind of you . It's not a big deal . Hey , I found them . Oh , thank God ! I don't know how to thank you , guys .
There are so many record players here . That is hard to choose . Look at this one . It has a radio and cassette player and built in speakers . I'd rather get one with separated speakers . They give a clear sound . Yes , but we shouldn't get any thing too big . Remember it has to fit in with our living room furniture . That's right . Now this one looks alright ? It's a detached or do you prefer this one ? It's Sony .
Are you ready to order , madam ? I'm on a diet . So I have to avoid food containing too much fat . Do you have vegetarian dishes ? Yes , We do have some choices for ladies like you . What about some green salad ? Does it taste good ? Sure . It's a popular dish among young ladies .
I'm on a diet . So I have to avoid food containing too much fat . Do you have vegetarian dishes ? Yes , We do have some choices for ladies like you . What about some green salad ? Does it taste good ? Sure . It's a popular dish among young ladies . I think I'll try it .
Yes , We do have some choices for ladies like you . What about some green salad ? Does it taste good ? Sure . It's a popular dish among young ladies . I think I'll try it . We have three kinds of dressings for salad . Italian , French and Thousand Island . Which one would you like ?
Does it taste good ? Sure . It's a popular dish among young ladies . I think I'll try it . We have three kinds of dressings for salad . Italian , French and Thousand Island . Which one would you like ? French , please .
Sure . It's a popular dish among young ladies . I think I'll try it . We have three kinds of dressings for salad . Italian , French and Thousand Island . Which one would you like ? French , please . OK . Do you want to order something else ?
Hello . Hot water overflowed from the bathtub . Will you help me ? Would you turn off the tap ? I did it . Then will you put all the towels under the bathroom door ? OK . I will .
Would you turn off the tap ? I did it . Then will you put all the towels under the bathroom door ? OK . I will . I'll have our housekeeper come right away .
I did it . Then will you put all the towels under the bathroom door ? OK . I will . I'll have our housekeeper come right away . I'm sorry I was too tired to fall asleep .
Then will you put all the towels under the bathroom door ? OK . I will . I'll have our housekeeper come right away . I'm sorry I was too tired to fall asleep . When you woke up , the water was coming out of the tub .
Miss , would you like to try this free sample of our new suntan cream ? Sure , why not ? This is a new product of company this year . It's oil-free . I see . It feels very light on the skin . It gives your skin a very natural healthy look .
Where is that ? Take me to the airport , please . Are you in a hurry ? I have to be there before 17 o'clock . We'll make it except a jam . You know it's rush hour .
Take me to the airport , please . Are you in a hurry ? I have to be there before 17 o'clock . We'll make it except a jam . You know it's rush hour . There's an extra ten in it for you if you can get me there on time .
Are you in a hurry ? I have to be there before 17 o'clock . We'll make it except a jam . You know it's rush hour . There's an extra ten in it for you if you can get me there on time . I'll do my best .
I have to be there before 17 o'clock . We'll make it except a jam . You know it's rush hour . There's an extra ten in it for you if you can get me there on time . I'll do my best . Here's twenty dollars .
We'll make it except a jam . You know it's rush hour . There's an extra ten in it for you if you can get me there on time . I'll do my best . Here's twenty dollars . Do you have small bills ?
There's an extra ten in it for you if you can get me there on time . I'll do my best . Here's twenty dollars . Do you have small bills ? No . If you can't break it , keep the change . But can you give me a receipt ?
Excuse me . Yes ? Can you tell me the way to the Peak Tram , please ? Certainly . Go along Queen's Road ... Along Queen's Road ...
Yes ? Can you tell me the way to the Peak Tram , please ? Certainly . Go along Queen's Road ... Along Queen's Road ... Yes , and turn right at the Hilton Hotel .
Can you tell me the way to the Peak Tram , please ? Certainly . Go along Queen's Road ... Along Queen's Road ... Yes , and turn right at the Hilton Hotel . Right at the Hilton .
Certainly . Go along Queen's Road ... Along Queen's Road ... Yes , and turn right at the Hilton Hotel . Right at the Hilton . Then go up Garden Road , past the Cathedral .
Along Queen's Road ... Yes , and turn right at the Hilton Hotel . Right at the Hilton . Then go up Garden Road , past the Cathedral . The Cathedral ?
Yes , and turn right at the Hilton Hotel . Right at the Hilton . Then go up Garden Road , past the Cathedral . The Cathedral ? Yes . Then cross the road at the next traffic lights . The Peak Tram is straight ahead . You can't miss it .
Right at the Hilton . Then go up Garden Road , past the Cathedral . The Cathedral ? Yes . Then cross the road at the next traffic lights . The Peak Tram is straight ahead . You can't miss it . That's very kind of you . Thank you . Er ... have you got a pencil ?
Then go up Garden Road , past the Cathedral . The Cathedral ? Yes . Then cross the road at the next traffic lights . The Peak Tram is straight ahead . You can't miss it . That's very kind of you . Thank you . Er ... have you got a pencil ? Yes . Why ?
Thank you for purchasing your new mattress with us . No , thank you . Would you like us to deliver the mattress for you , sir ? That would be great . When do you want it delivered ?
No , thank you . Would you like us to deliver the mattress for you , sir ? That would be great . When do you want it delivered ? I need it delivered tomorrow . Will that be possible ?
Would you like us to deliver the mattress for you , sir ? That would be great . When do you want it delivered ? I need it delivered tomorrow . Will that be possible ? What time exactly ?
That would be great . When do you want it delivered ? I need it delivered tomorrow . Will that be possible ? What time exactly ? I need it delivered at 12 o'clock .
When do you want it delivered ? I need it delivered tomorrow . Will that be possible ? What time exactly ? I need it delivered at 12 o'clock . We can have it to you at that time .
I need it delivered tomorrow . Will that be possible ? What time exactly ? I need it delivered at 12 o'clock . We can have it to you at that time . That's not a problem ?
What time exactly ? I need it delivered at 12 o'clock . We can have it to you at that time . That's not a problem ? We will deliver your mattress tomorrow at 12 o'clock .
Recently I have been getting headache and my eyes don't seems to see focus properly . When did you last time have your eyes checked ? Two years ago . At that time I had no problems . Now I can ' t even make out something ten meters away . Come over here . I will test your eyes . First cover your left eye like this , and when I point , please read the chart from the top , and go as far as you can , telling me which way the " E " points . All right .
When did you last time have your eyes checked ? Two years ago . At that time I had no problems . Now I can ' t even make out something ten meters away . Come over here . I will test your eyes . First cover your left eye like this , and when I point , please read the chart from the top , and go as far as you can , telling me which way the " E " points . All right . Good . Now the other eye .
Two years ago . At that time I had no problems . Now I can ' t even make out something ten meters away . Come over here . I will test your eyes . First cover your left eye like this , and when I point , please read the chart from the top , and go as far as you can , telling me which way the " E " points . All right . Good . Now the other eye . Well , this one is worse .
Come over here . I will test your eyes . First cover your left eye like this , and when I point , please read the chart from the top , and go as far as you can , telling me which way the " E " points . All right . Good . Now the other eye . Well , this one is worse . Never mind , just read as far as you can .
I'm glad these batteries are on sale . I'm sorry . These batteries are not on sale . But that's what the ad said . I'm sorry . If you look at the ad again , you'll see that the other brand is on sale . Oh . You're right . I misread the ad .
I'm sorry . These batteries are not on sale . But that's what the ad said . I'm sorry . If you look at the ad again , you'll see that the other brand is on sale . Oh . You're right . I misread the ad . Yes , many people make that mistake .
But that's what the ad said . I'm sorry . If you look at the ad again , you'll see that the other brand is on sale . Oh . You're right . I misread the ad . Yes , many people make that mistake . Well , you can't blame them . It's a confusing ad .
I'm sorry . If you look at the ad again , you'll see that the other brand is on sale . Oh . You're right . I misread the ad . Yes , many people make that mistake . Well , you can't blame them . It's a confusing ad . You're right . Many ads are like that .
Oh . You're right . I misread the ad . Yes , many people make that mistake . Well , you can't blame them . It's a confusing ad . You're right . Many ads are like that . Well , as long as I'm here .
Hi , John . Oh , hi , Mary , come on in . Any problem ? Oh , no problem . Great . I forgot to ask you , though . How long did you want the place ? Six months .
Oh , hi , Mary , come on in . Any problem ? Oh , no problem . Great . I forgot to ask you , though . How long did you want the place ? Six months . Oh , well , that might be a problem . I usually only sign one year leases .
Oh , no problem . Great . I forgot to ask you , though . How long did you want the place ? Six months . Oh , well , that might be a problem . I usually only sign one year leases . Well , one year would be fine , too . I ' m not planning on leaving the area anytime soon .
Great . I forgot to ask you , though . How long did you want the place ? Six months . Oh , well , that might be a problem . I usually only sign one year leases . Well , one year would be fine , too . I ' m not planning on leaving the area anytime soon . Well , if it ' s not a problem . Then here you go .
Six months . Oh , well , that might be a problem . I usually only sign one year leases . Well , one year would be fine , too . I ' m not planning on leaving the area anytime soon . Well , if it ' s not a problem . Then here you go . Just let me look at it quickly .
Oh , well , that might be a problem . I usually only sign one year leases . Well , one year would be fine , too . I ' m not planning on leaving the area anytime soon . Well , if it ' s not a problem . Then here you go . Just let me look at it quickly . Of course .
Well , one year would be fine , too . I ' m not planning on leaving the area anytime soon . Well , if it ' s not a problem . Then here you go . Just let me look at it quickly . Of course . Looks like a standard lease .
Well , if it ' s not a problem . Then here you go . Just let me look at it quickly . Of course . Looks like a standard lease . Yeah , and don ' t worry about the security deposit . If everything ' s all right when you move out , you ' ll get it back .
Just let me look at it quickly . Of course . Looks like a standard lease . Yeah , and don ' t worry about the security deposit . If everything ' s all right when you move out , you ' ll get it back . O . K . Great . Just sign and date it here ?
Of course . Looks like a standard lease . Yeah , and don ' t worry about the security deposit . If everything ' s all right when you move out , you ' ll get it back . O . K . Great . Just sign and date it here ? Yes . Thanks . You can move your stuff in tomorrow .
What do you think of this dress ? Do you think it suits me ? Sure . Why don ' t you try it on ? The fitting room is over there . It ' s just the right size-a perfect fit ! Have you seen anything you like ? I ' m thinking about buying this sweater . I know it ' s June now , but it will be perfect for autumn and winter . It looks too big for you , but I like the color and the material is good quality . Is it on sale ?
Sure . Why don ' t you try it on ? The fitting room is over there . It ' s just the right size-a perfect fit ! Have you seen anything you like ? I ' m thinking about buying this sweater . I know it ' s June now , but it will be perfect for autumn and winter . It looks too big for you , but I like the color and the material is good quality . Is it on sale ? Yes , it ' s half price . It ' s supposed to be too large--that ' s the fashion .
It ' s just the right size-a perfect fit ! Have you seen anything you like ? I ' m thinking about buying this sweater . I know it ' s June now , but it will be perfect for autumn and winter . It looks too big for you , but I like the color and the material is good quality . Is it on sale ? Yes , it ' s half price . It ' s supposed to be too large--that ' s the fashion . I might get one too , but in a different color . I prefer light blue to white .
I ' m thinking about buying this sweater . I know it ' s June now , but it will be perfect for autumn and winter . It looks too big for you , but I like the color and the material is good quality . Is it on sale ? Yes , it ' s half price . It ' s supposed to be too large--that ' s the fashion . I might get one too , but in a different color . I prefer light blue to white . There . It looks great , don ' t you think ? I ' m going to get these jeans as well . I need a new pair . I ' m also going to buy this scarf ready for winter .
It looks too big for you , but I like the color and the material is good quality . Is it on sale ? Yes , it ' s half price . It ' s supposed to be too large--that ' s the fashion . I might get one too , but in a different color . I prefer light blue to white . There . It looks great , don ' t you think ? I ' m going to get these jeans as well . I need a new pair . I ' m also going to buy this scarf ready for winter . I ' m getting this beret ? Doesn ' t it look cool ? I ' d like to get some jeans too , but I don ' t have enough cash on me .
Yes , it ' s half price . It ' s supposed to be too large--that ' s the fashion . I might get one too , but in a different color . I prefer light blue to white . There . It looks great , don ' t you think ? I ' m going to get these jeans as well . I need a new pair . I ' m also going to buy this scarf ready for winter . I ' m getting this beret ? Doesn ' t it look cool ? I ' d like to get some jeans too , but I don ' t have enough cash on me . Don ' t worry . I ' Ve got my credit card . You can pay me back later .
Excuse me , you look lost . Can I help you ? Oh , Thank you . I'm looking for the train station . Right . Let me see . You go straight down here and turn right . Right ? OK , got it . Then take the next left then the next right . Are you with me ?
I'd like a double room . Do you have a reservation ? Yes , I called you last week from New York . My name is George Lee . Wait a second , PLS . Yes , Mr . Lee , we have a room reserved for you . How long do you plan to stay ? Probably two days . My wife will join me tomorrow . Then we will decide when to leave for Seattle .
Do you have a reservation ? Yes , I called you last week from New York . My name is George Lee . Wait a second , PLS . Yes , Mr . Lee , we have a room reserved for you . How long do you plan to stay ? Probably two days . My wife will join me tomorrow . Then we will decide when to leave for Seattle . Would you sign the register , PLS ?
Yes , I called you last week from New York . My name is George Lee . Wait a second , PLS . Yes , Mr . Lee , we have a room reserved for you . How long do you plan to stay ? Probably two days . My wife will join me tomorrow . Then we will decide when to leave for Seattle . Would you sign the register , PLS ? By the way , does my room have a private bath ?
Wait a second , PLS . Yes , Mr . Lee , we have a room reserved for you . How long do you plan to stay ? Probably two days . My wife will join me tomorrow . Then we will decide when to leave for Seattle . Would you sign the register , PLS ? By the way , does my room have a private bath ? Certainly , every room in this hotel has a private bath .
Probably two days . My wife will join me tomorrow . Then we will decide when to leave for Seattle . Would you sign the register , PLS ? By the way , does my room have a private bath ? Certainly , every room in this hotel has a private bath . Does my room have twin beds or a double ? I prefer a room with twin beds .
Would you sign the register , PLS ? By the way , does my room have a private bath ? Certainly , every room in this hotel has a private bath . Does my room have twin beds or a double ? I prefer a room with twin beds . Your room has twin beds , Mr . Lee . It also has a view . I am sure you will like it . This is your key . It's on the eighth floor room 801 . The elevator's over there .
By the way , does my room have a private bath ? Certainly , every room in this hotel has a private bath . Does my room have twin beds or a double ? I prefer a room with twin beds . Your room has twin beds , Mr . Lee . It also has a view . I am sure you will like it . This is your key . It's on the eighth floor room 801 . The elevator's over there . Thank you . One more thing , where is your restaurant ?
Certainly , every room in this hotel has a private bath . Does my room have twin beds or a double ? I prefer a room with twin beds . Your room has twin beds , Mr . Lee . It also has a view . I am sure you will like it . This is your key . It's on the eighth floor room 801 . The elevator's over there . Thank you . One more thing , where is your restaurant ? The restaurant is on the second floor . We also have a cafeteria on the top floor . If you would like something to drink , you can either call room service or come down here . The bar is right behind the lobby .
Does my room have twin beds or a double ? I prefer a room with twin beds . Your room has twin beds , Mr . Lee . It also has a view . I am sure you will like it . This is your key . It's on the eighth floor room 801 . The elevator's over there . Thank you . One more thing , where is your restaurant ? The restaurant is on the second floor . We also have a cafeteria on the top floor . If you would like something to drink , you can either call room service or come down here . The bar is right behind the lobby . Thank you , you are very kind !
There are so many eating utensils on the table . Which ones do I use first ? Use them from the outside in . I see . A set for appetizers and another for the main course . Right . We do the same thing at home . Don't you remember ? Oh yeah . The big napkin goes on my lap .
Use them from the outside in . I see . A set for appetizers and another for the main course . Right . We do the same thing at home . Don't you remember ? Oh yeah . The big napkin goes on my lap . Let's look at our menus .
I see . A set for appetizers and another for the main course . Right . We do the same thing at home . Don't you remember ? Oh yeah . The big napkin goes on my lap . Let's look at our menus . Cindy , help me order because I'm still not very familiar with American cooking .
Yes , ma'am , how could I help you ? I am wondering if you do facial care ? Yes , we do . How much would it be ? From 200 to 800 .
I am wondering if you do facial care ? Yes , we do . How much would it be ? From 200 to 800 . I'm afraid 800 is too expensive for me . Could you recommend something around 300 ?
I want to go try on these clothes . What did you find ? I found some jeans , and a new blouse . Go and try it on . What do you think ?
What did you find ? I found some jeans , and a new blouse . Go and try it on . What do you think ? I love that shirt on you .
I found some jeans , and a new blouse . Go and try it on . What do you think ? I love that shirt on you . What about the jeans ?
Go and try it on . What do you think ? I love that shirt on you . What about the jeans ? They don't really fit you right .
What do you think ? I love that shirt on you . What about the jeans ? They don't really fit you right . I don't think so either .
I love that shirt on you . What about the jeans ? They don't really fit you right . I don't think so either . That blouse is absolutely wonderful on you though .
What about the jeans ? They don't really fit you right . I don't think so either . That blouse is absolutely wonderful on you though . Well , I'll just buy the shirt .
Yes , sir ? Can I have Mr . J . Smith paged ? He said he'd be in the main dining room . I'm Mr . J . B . White . Who would you like to have paged again , sir ? Mr . J . Smith . Where would you like him to come ?
Can I have Mr . J . Smith paged ? He said he'd be in the main dining room . I'm Mr . J . B . White . Who would you like to have paged again , sir ? Mr . J . Smith . Where would you like him to come ? To the front desk .
I haven't told you what happened yet , have I ? I haven't heard anything . My boss offered me a promotion , and I took it . Are you serious ? Yes , I am really excited .
I haven't heard anything . My boss offered me a promotion , and I took it . Are you serious ? Yes , I am really excited . That's great . Congratulations .
My boss offered me a promotion , and I took it . Are you serious ? Yes , I am really excited . That's great . Congratulations . I appreciate that .
Are you serious ? Yes , I am really excited . That's great . Congratulations . I appreciate that . You have no idea how happy I am for you .
Yes , I am really excited . That's great . Congratulations . I appreciate that . You have no idea how happy I am for you . For real ?
What's our target audience for this campaign ? This go-around we're focusing on new moms , families with median income and one or more children under the age of two . Do you think that's much different from the succor moms we tailored the last campaign for ? Well , there are some similarities that come up . Because both groups are made up of mothers ... so as before , we can play up on maternal instincts , hygiene , safety , along those lines . But that being said , there are some specific differences that come into play because we are dealing with mothers of infants here . Right , that makes sense . What's the average age ?
Taxi ! Yes , sir . Where to ? Wangfujing , please ! All right . Oh , I like the music on your radio . It's nice .
Yes , sir . Where to ? Wangfujing , please ! All right . Oh , I like the music on your radio . It's nice . Thank you ! I always tune to this program when driving . So what's your favorite program ?
Wangfujing , please ! All right . Oh , I like the music on your radio . It's nice . Thank you ! I always tune to this program when driving . So what's your favorite program ? I like Winner's English very mush . You know the Beijing Olympic Games is right around the corner . We should learn English Well . It's on FM 96 . 6 , China Business Radio . You can get it on your radio too .
All right . Oh , I like the music on your radio . It's nice . Thank you ! I always tune to this program when driving . So what's your favorite program ? I like Winner's English very mush . You know the Beijing Olympic Games is right around the corner . We should learn English Well . It's on FM 96 . 6 , China Business Radio . You can get it on your radio too . But I don't speak English at all .
Oh , I like the music on your radio . It's nice . Thank you ! I always tune to this program when driving . So what's your favorite program ? I like Winner's English very mush . You know the Beijing Olympic Games is right around the corner . We should learn English Well . It's on FM 96 . 6 , China Business Radio . You can get it on your radio too . But I don't speak English at all . That's OK . The program is especially for the beginners like us .
Thank you ! I always tune to this program when driving . So what's your favorite program ? I like Winner's English very mush . You know the Beijing Olympic Games is right around the corner . We should learn English Well . It's on FM 96 . 6 , China Business Radio . You can get it on your radio too . But I don't speak English at all . That's OK . The program is especially for the beginners like us . Really ? When is it on ?
I like Winner's English very mush . You know the Beijing Olympic Games is right around the corner . We should learn English Well . It's on FM 96 . 6 , China Business Radio . You can get it on your radio too . But I don't speak English at all . That's OK . The program is especially for the beginners like us . Really ? When is it on ? It begins at 6:40 every morning , and it goes for 20 minutes .
But I don't speak English at all . That's OK . The program is especially for the beginners like us . Really ? When is it on ? It begins at 6:40 every morning , and it goes for 20 minutes . Thank you so much . I'll try and catch that .
That's OK . The program is especially for the beginners like us . Really ? When is it on ? It begins at 6:40 every morning , and it goes for 20 minutes . Thank you so much . I'll try and catch that . The radio has brought us lots of convenience .
Really ? When is it on ? It begins at 6:40 every morning , and it goes for 20 minutes . Thank you so much . I'll try and catch that . The radio has brought us lots of convenience . Yes , I can also learn about the traffic condition through it .
It begins at 6:40 every morning , and it goes for 20 minutes . Thank you so much . I'll try and catch that . The radio has brought us lots of convenience . Yes , I can also learn about the traffic condition through it . With the development of the society and technology , radio is nearly everywhere .
How long does it take to get to downtown from here ? It is 15 minutes ' drive . What companies do we have in our neighborhood ? Mitsubishi , HP , IBM and many other famous corporations . Does the 7th floor belong to our company too ?
It is 15 minutes ' drive . What companies do we have in our neighborhood ? Mitsubishi , HP , IBM and many other famous corporations . Does the 7th floor belong to our company too ? Yes , our company has two floors , the 6th and 7th floor in this building .
What companies do we have in our neighborhood ? Mitsubishi , HP , IBM and many other famous corporations . Does the 7th floor belong to our company too ? Yes , our company has two floors , the 6th and 7th floor in this building . It ' s such a large firm . Do we have our own staff restaurant ?
Hello , China Southern Airlines . Can I help you ? Yes , could I make a reservation to New York on July 21st , next Friday ? Sorry , there is no flight available on July 21st . That's too bad . What's the earliest flight available ? I can give you a reservation on flight No CZ 387 on July 22nd .
Yes , could I make a reservation to New York on July 21st , next Friday ? Sorry , there is no flight available on July 21st . That's too bad . What's the earliest flight available ? I can give you a reservation on flight No CZ 387 on July 22nd . What about the fight schedule ?
Sorry , there is no flight available on July 21st . That's too bad . What's the earliest flight available ? I can give you a reservation on flight No CZ 387 on July 22nd . What about the fight schedule ? It departs at 12:10 and arrives at 15:10 next day .
That's too bad . What's the earliest flight available ? I can give you a reservation on flight No CZ 387 on July 22nd . What about the fight schedule ? It departs at 12:10 and arrives at 15:10 next day . Is it a non-stop flight ?
I can give you a reservation on flight No CZ 387 on July 22nd . What about the fight schedule ? It departs at 12:10 and arrives at 15:10 next day . Is it a non-stop flight ? Yes .
What about the fight schedule ? It departs at 12:10 and arrives at 15:10 next day . Is it a non-stop flight ? Yes . Sounds good . I'd like to take this flight .
It departs at 12:10 and arrives at 15:10 next day . Is it a non-stop flight ? Yes . Sounds good . I'd like to take this flight . Would you prefer first class or economy class ?
Is it a non-stop flight ? Yes . Sounds good . I'd like to take this flight . Would you prefer first class or economy class ? Economy class .
Yes . Sounds good . I'd like to take this flight . Would you prefer first class or economy class ? Economy class . And your name , please ?
Sounds good . I'd like to take this flight . Would you prefer first class or economy class ? Economy class . And your name , please ? Edward Smith .
Would you prefer first class or economy class ? Economy class . And your name , please ? Edward Smith . Mr . Smith , you can get things fixed through our agencies in Guangzhou . Do remember to bring your passport with you .
Economy class . And your name , please ? Edward Smith . Mr . Smith , you can get things fixed through our agencies in Guangzhou . Do remember to bring your passport with you . Yes , many thanks . Goodbye .
May I help you , madam ? Yes . I ' m trying to find a pair of earrings to match my necklace . Can you recommend some to me ? Yes . Your gold necklace has a diamond pendant , and your eardrops should be These look wonderful . Do these come with a guarantee of quality ? Of course . If there is anything wrong with them , you can come back and show me the guarantee of quality , and then you will surely get free service .
Hi , I need to make an appointment to see the doctor . What seems to be the problem ? I have a rash that I need a doctor to look at . Do you have a fever with that rash ? No , it just itches a lot .
What seems to be the problem ? I have a rash that I need a doctor to look at . Do you have a fever with that rash ? No , it just itches a lot . I have openings on Tuesday or Wednesday . Which would be best for you ?
I have a rash that I need a doctor to look at . Do you have a fever with that rash ? No , it just itches a lot . I have openings on Tuesday or Wednesday . Which would be best for you ? I need an appointment on Tuesday .
Do you have a fever with that rash ? No , it just itches a lot . I have openings on Tuesday or Wednesday . Which would be best for you ? I need an appointment on Tuesday . Fine , I am putting you down for 9
No , it just itches a lot . I have openings on Tuesday or Wednesday . Which would be best for you ? I need an appointment on Tuesday . Fine , I am putting you down for 9 I would like to see Dr . Jones .
Good morning . sir . My name is Liu Peng from Tsinghai University . I am here for the interview relating to my visa application . Glad to meet you . Would you mind if I ask you some questions ? Of course not . Why do you want to go to the US ? I'd like to have further education . Now I am studying for my doctorate .
Glad to meet you . Would you mind if I ask you some questions ? Of course not . Why do you want to go to the US ? I'd like to have further education . Now I am studying for my doctorate . Will you get any kind of scholarship ?
Good morning ! Can I speak to Miss Cooper please ? Would you hold on a second , please ? Miss Cooper's extension is engaged . Engaged . Oh , dear ! Could you tell her it's a long-distance call ? I'm sorry , sir . I can't interrupt her . I'm sure she won't be very long .
Can I speak to Miss Cooper please ? Would you hold on a second , please ? Miss Cooper's extension is engaged . Engaged . Oh , dear ! Could you tell her it's a long-distance call ? I'm sorry , sir . I can't interrupt her . I'm sure she won't be very long . How long do you think she'll be ?
Would you hold on a second , please ? Miss Cooper's extension is engaged . Engaged . Oh , dear ! Could you tell her it's a long-distance call ? I'm sorry , sir . I can't interrupt her . I'm sure she won't be very long . How long do you think she'll be ? I really can't say how long she'll be .
Engaged . Oh , dear ! Could you tell her it's a long-distance call ? I'm sorry , sir . I can't interrupt her . I'm sure she won't be very long . How long do you think she'll be ? I really can't say how long she'll be . Can I leave a message , please ?
I'm sorry , sir . I can't interrupt her . I'm sure she won't be very long . How long do you think she'll be ? I really can't say how long she'll be . Can I leave a message , please ? Yes , certainly .
How long do you think she'll be ? I really can't say how long she'll be . Can I leave a message , please ? Yes , certainly . Can you tell her I'm waiting to speak to her ?
I really can't say how long she'll be . Can I leave a message , please ? Yes , certainly . Can you tell her I'm waiting to speak to her ? Yes , sir . I'll ring her on an inside line if you like .
What can I do for you ? I need some medicine . For whom ? My wife . She suffers from a bad cold . What symptoms does she have ?
I need some medicine . For whom ? My wife . She suffers from a bad cold . What symptoms does she have ? Fever and a bad cough .
For whom ? My wife . She suffers from a bad cold . What symptoms does she have ? Fever and a bad cough . I see . Don't worry , just a common cold .
My wife . She suffers from a bad cold . What symptoms does she have ? Fever and a bad cough . I see . Don't worry , just a common cold . What kind of medicine does she need ?
What symptoms does she have ? Fever and a bad cough . I see . Don't worry , just a common cold . What kind of medicine does she need ? Patulin will be enough .
Fever and a bad cough . I see . Don't worry , just a common cold . What kind of medicine does she need ? Patulin will be enough . How many pills for each time ?
I see . Don't worry , just a common cold . What kind of medicine does she need ? Patulin will be enough . How many pills for each time ? Nine pills per day , and three pills after each meal .
What kind of medicine does she need ? Patulin will be enough . How many pills for each time ? Nine pills per day , and three pills after each meal . Thank you very much .
Hello . This is the Holiday Inn . Can I help you ? Hi . Is there a special rate for a group reservation ? Yes . There is a 20 % to 40 % discount . It depends on the season . During the summer the discount is 20 % . During the winter it is 40 % . I need five single rooms in October . How much of a discount can I get ? Our summer season ended in September . So the discount will be 40 % . That ' s a good deal . Would you prefer rooms with a front view or rear view ?
Hi . Is there a special rate for a group reservation ? Yes . There is a 20 % to 40 % discount . It depends on the season . During the summer the discount is 20 % . During the winter it is 40 % . I need five single rooms in October . How much of a discount can I get ? Our summer season ended in September . So the discount will be 40 % . That ' s a good deal . Would you prefer rooms with a front view or rear view ? Front view , please .
Yes . There is a 20 % to 40 % discount . It depends on the season . During the summer the discount is 20 % . During the winter it is 40 % . I need five single rooms in October . How much of a discount can I get ? Our summer season ended in September . So the discount will be 40 % . That ' s a good deal . Would you prefer rooms with a front view or rear view ? Front view , please . What date and time will you be checking in ?
I need five single rooms in October . How much of a discount can I get ? Our summer season ended in September . So the discount will be 40 % . That ' s a good deal . Would you prefer rooms with a front view or rear view ? Front view , please . What date and time will you be checking in ? October 25th around 2:00 in the afternoon .
Our summer season ended in September . So the discount will be 40 % . That ' s a good deal . Would you prefer rooms with a front view or rear view ? Front view , please . What date and time will you be checking in ? October 25th around 2:00 in the afternoon . We need you to send a deposit for 1/3 of the bill . You can send the check , or you can use the credit card .
Front view , please . What date and time will you be checking in ? October 25th around 2:00 in the afternoon . We need you to send a deposit for 1/3 of the bill . You can send the check , or you can use the credit card . Ok . I ' ll send a check .
What date and time will you be checking in ? October 25th around 2:00 in the afternoon . We need you to send a deposit for 1/3 of the bill . You can send the check , or you can use the credit card . Ok . I ' ll send a check . Could you tell me your name , address and phone number , please ?
October 25th around 2:00 in the afternoon . We need you to send a deposit for 1/3 of the bill . You can send the check , or you can use the credit card . Ok . I ' ll send a check . Could you tell me your name , address and phone number , please ? Sure . My name is Anderson . My address is 109 Ferguson East , Holton . And my phone number is 309 789 1267 .
May I help you ? Yes , I would like to exchange some money . what currency would you like to trade in ? I would like to exchange Chinese RIB for American dollars . Do you accept $ 100 bills ? No problem , we can accept any denomination . How much would you like to exchange today ?
Yes , I would like to exchange some money . what currency would you like to trade in ? I would like to exchange Chinese RIB for American dollars . Do you accept $ 100 bills ? No problem , we can accept any denomination . How much would you like to exchange today ? Well , that depends on the rate . How much is the RIB trading at today ?
what currency would you like to trade in ? I would like to exchange Chinese RIB for American dollars . Do you accept $ 100 bills ? No problem , we can accept any denomination . How much would you like to exchange today ? Well , that depends on the rate . How much is the RIB trading at today ? It's a shame you didn't come a little earlier , the exchange rate was reset yesterday afternoon . The American dollar is now worth 7 . 45RMB . If you would like to sell RIB , we can give you a rate of 7 . 35 . Will that be all right ?
Hello , this is Lucy . May I speak to Mr . Smith ? Oh , hello , Lucy . What's up ? I'm afraid I can't come to work today , Mr . Smith . Oh , what's wrong with you ? I've got a fever and a very sore throat .
Oh , hello , Lucy . What's up ? I'm afraid I can't come to work today , Mr . Smith . Oh , what's wrong with you ? I've got a fever and a very sore throat . Well , you sound ill over the phone .
I'm afraid I can't come to work today , Mr . Smith . Oh , what's wrong with you ? I've got a fever and a very sore throat . Well , you sound ill over the phone . Yes . I have to stay in bed today , but I'll be able to come tomorrow .
Oh , what's wrong with you ? I've got a fever and a very sore throat . Well , you sound ill over the phone . Yes . I have to stay in bed today , but I'll be able to come tomorrow . That's all right . Have a good rest until you feel well enough .
I've got a fever and a very sore throat . Well , you sound ill over the phone . Yes . I have to stay in bed today , but I'll be able to come tomorrow . That's all right . Have a good rest until you feel well enough . Thank you , Mr . Smith . Goodbye .
You really need to look at some of the problems we are having with the apartment . That apartment never had any problems before . Are you sure the problem isn ' t you ? We spoke with you the first week we moved in about things that you promised to fix . Where do you think you have problems ? There is no hot water , the bedroom has a broken window , and there are rats in the kitchen .
That apartment never had any problems before . Are you sure the problem isn ' t you ? We spoke with you the first week we moved in about things that you promised to fix . Where do you think you have problems ? There is no hot water , the bedroom has a broken window , and there are rats in the kitchen . You know , no one else who has been in that apartment has had a problem before .
We spoke with you the first week we moved in about things that you promised to fix . Where do you think you have problems ? There is no hot water , the bedroom has a broken window , and there are rats in the kitchen . You know , no one else who has been in that apartment has had a problem before . You are obligated to maintain your building and my apartment .
Where do you think you have problems ? There is no hot water , the bedroom has a broken window , and there are rats in the kitchen . You know , no one else who has been in that apartment has had a problem before . You are obligated to maintain your building and my apartment . I will fix these problems when I get around to it .
There is no hot water , the bedroom has a broken window , and there are rats in the kitchen . You know , no one else who has been in that apartment has had a problem before . You are obligated to maintain your building and my apartment . I will fix these problems when I get around to it . I will be withholding my rent check this Friday unless these problems are addressed immediately .
Hi , do you have any tickets for the show tonight ? Sorry , it ' s all sold out . Well , do you have any for tomorrow ? We have tickets for the matinee . It starts at 3p . m . Ok . I ' ll take it .
Sorry , it ' s all sold out . Well , do you have any for tomorrow ? We have tickets for the matinee . It starts at 3p . m . Ok . I ' ll take it . Where would you like to sit ?
Well , do you have any for tomorrow ? We have tickets for the matinee . It starts at 3p . m . Ok . I ' ll take it . Where would you like to sit ? Do you have anything in the middle section ? I want a good view , but sitting too close hurts my eyes .
Give me a pack of first-class stamps , please . Here you are . That will be five dollars . Anything else ? Yes . I want some post cards and some airmail stamps . I want to send some letters to South America . Just a moment , I'll look up the rate for air-mail letters to South America . Can you tell me how much it will cost to send a package to Colombia ? Also , I what to know how long it will take .
Here you are . That will be five dollars . Anything else ? Yes . I want some post cards and some airmail stamps . I want to send some letters to South America . Just a moment , I'll look up the rate for air-mail letters to South America . Can you tell me how much it will cost to send a package to Colombia ? Also , I what to know how long it will take . Do you have the package with you ? I would have to weigh it to see how much it would cost .
Yes . I want some post cards and some airmail stamps . I want to send some letters to South America . Just a moment , I'll look up the rate for air-mail letters to South America . Can you tell me how much it will cost to send a package to Colombia ? Also , I what to know how long it will take . Do you have the package with you ? I would have to weigh it to see how much it would cost . Do you insure package ?
Just a moment , I'll look up the rate for air-mail letters to South America . Can you tell me how much it will cost to send a package to Colombia ? Also , I what to know how long it will take . Do you have the package with you ? I would have to weigh it to see how much it would cost . Do you insure package ? Yes . All you have to do declare the value of the package and decide how much you want to insure it for .
Can you tell me how much it will cost to send a package to Colombia ? Also , I what to know how long it will take . Do you have the package with you ? I would have to weigh it to see how much it would cost . Do you insure package ? Yes . All you have to do declare the value of the package and decide how much you want to insure it for . Is there a way that I can be sure that the people in South america receive my package ?
Do you have the package with you ? I would have to weigh it to see how much it would cost . Do you insure package ? Yes . All you have to do declare the value of the package and decide how much you want to insure it for . Is there a way that I can be sure that the people in South america receive my package ? The post office rarely loses package . You can , however , request a rectum receipt .
Do you insure package ? Yes . All you have to do declare the value of the package and decide how much you want to insure it for . Is there a way that I can be sure that the people in South america receive my package ? The post office rarely loses package . You can , however , request a rectum receipt . One last question-what are your hours ?
Yes . All you have to do declare the value of the package and decide how much you want to insure it for . Is there a way that I can be sure that the people in South america receive my package ? The post office rarely loses package . You can , however , request a rectum receipt . One last question-what are your hours ? We open at eight-thirty in the morning and close at five-thirty in the afternoon .
Marry Lin's Office , this is Linda . Linda , this is David Wang . Hi , Mr . Wang , what can I help you with ? I need to talk with Marry . Certainly , hold on .
Here ' s my passport . I'm a visiting scholar . Do you have anything to declare ? No , these are all my personal effects . What's in the bag ? Would you mind opening the bag ? Not at all . I don't know what's dutiable . Do I have to pay duty on things for my own use ?
Do you have anything to declare ? No , these are all my personal effects . What's in the bag ? Would you mind opening the bag ? Not at all . I don't know what's dutiable . Do I have to pay duty on things for my own use ? NO . You don't have to pay duty on personal belongings .
Is there anything I can do for you ? I'm interested in taking a tour to Sydney . Well , we have a package tour there . How much does it cost ? $ 600 .
I'm interested in taking a tour to Sydney . Well , we have a package tour there . How much does it cost ? $ 600 . Does that include the insurance ?
Mary , can you tell me how you keep in shape ? You'll never be in shape until you eat less and take more exercise . Now , tell me what you often eat . I often eat fish and eggs . Do you eat a lot of vegetables ?
You'll never be in shape until you eat less and take more exercise . Now , tell me what you often eat . I often eat fish and eggs . Do you eat a lot of vegetables ? Oh yes , and fruits . I love fruits very much .
Now , tell me what you often eat . I often eat fish and eggs . Do you eat a lot of vegetables ? Oh yes , and fruits . I love fruits very much . What do you like to drink ?
I often eat fish and eggs . Do you eat a lot of vegetables ? Oh yes , and fruits . I love fruits very much . What do you like to drink ? Well , I never drink alcohol , coffee or tea .
Do you eat a lot of vegetables ? Oh yes , and fruits . I love fruits very much . What do you like to drink ? Well , I never drink alcohol , coffee or tea . Whatever would you like to drink ?
Oh yes , and fruits . I love fruits very much . What do you like to drink ? Well , I never drink alcohol , coffee or tea . Whatever would you like to drink ? I drink a lot of milk . I drink milk almost every day .
What do you like to drink ? Well , I never drink alcohol , coffee or tea . Whatever would you like to drink ? I drink a lot of milk . I drink milk almost every day . How often do you exercise ?
Well , I never drink alcohol , coffee or tea . Whatever would you like to drink ? I drink a lot of milk . I drink milk almost every day . How often do you exercise ? Well , I walk every day .
Whatever would you like to drink ? I drink a lot of milk . I drink milk almost every day . How often do you exercise ? Well , I walk every day . It's a good diet and a regular exercise .
Where are you feeling the pain ? I can ' t stand up ! My stomach is killing me ! Can you put your hand where it hurts the most ? It hurts smack in the middle of my gut ! Did this just come on suddenly ?
I can ' t stand up ! My stomach is killing me ! Can you put your hand where it hurts the most ? It hurts smack in the middle of my gut ! Did this just come on suddenly ? I felt OK until an hour or so ago , and then I just doubled over .
Can you put your hand where it hurts the most ? It hurts smack in the middle of my gut ! Did this just come on suddenly ? I felt OK until an hour or so ago , and then I just doubled over . Have you exercised strenuously or played sports recently ?
It hurts smack in the middle of my gut ! Did this just come on suddenly ? I felt OK until an hour or so ago , and then I just doubled over . Have you exercised strenuously or played sports recently ? No , and I don ' t usually get a lot of stomachaches .
Did this just come on suddenly ? I felt OK until an hour or so ago , and then I just doubled over . Have you exercised strenuously or played sports recently ? No , and I don ' t usually get a lot of stomachaches . We need to get you to an emergency room to see what the problem is .
So , how should we get to the theatre ? Let's take the bus . I hate the bus system in London ! The bus drivers are rude , the buses are never on time , and there are few people around who can help you . It's not that bad . You probably just had a bad experience once . It wasn't just once . Every single time I take the bus , something bad happens to me or to someone else on the bus .
Let's take the bus . I hate the bus system in London ! The bus drivers are rude , the buses are never on time , and there are few people around who can help you . It's not that bad . You probably just had a bad experience once . It wasn't just once . Every single time I take the bus , something bad happens to me or to someone else on the bus . We could take the subway , but we'd have to go three stops along one line and then change trains twice .
I hate the bus system in London ! The bus drivers are rude , the buses are never on time , and there are few people around who can help you . It's not that bad . You probably just had a bad experience once . It wasn't just once . Every single time I take the bus , something bad happens to me or to someone else on the bus . We could take the subway , but we'd have to go three stops along one line and then change trains twice . Train fares are twice as expensive as the bus fare , too .
It's not that bad . You probably just had a bad experience once . It wasn't just once . Every single time I take the bus , something bad happens to me or to someone else on the bus . We could take the subway , but we'd have to go three stops along one line and then change trains twice . Train fares are twice as expensive as the bus fare , too . If we don't hurry up , we'll miss the show . Should we take the bus ?
It wasn't just once . Every single time I take the bus , something bad happens to me or to someone else on the bus . We could take the subway , but we'd have to go three stops along one line and then change trains twice . Train fares are twice as expensive as the bus fare , too . If we don't hurry up , we'll miss the show . Should we take the bus ? We're already late , so I think we had better take a taxi .
We could take the subway , but we'd have to go three stops along one line and then change trains twice . Train fares are twice as expensive as the bus fare , too . If we don't hurry up , we'll miss the show . Should we take the bus ? We're already late , so I think we had better take a taxi . I don't think we'll be able to find a taxi very easily during hush hours . Let's just take the bus .
Train fares are twice as expensive as the bus fare , too . If we don't hurry up , we'll miss the show . Should we take the bus ? We're already late , so I think we had better take a taxi . I don't think we'll be able to find a taxi very easily during hush hours . Let's just take the bus . Fine . Have a look at the timetable to find out when the next one arrives .
If we don't hurry up , we'll miss the show . Should we take the bus ? We're already late , so I think we had better take a taxi . I don't think we'll be able to find a taxi very easily during hush hours . Let's just take the bus . Fine . Have a look at the timetable to find out when the next one arrives . It looks like it should be here in just a few minutes . don't worry . Nothing bad will happen . I'll even buy your ticket for you .
We're already late , so I think we had better take a taxi . I don't think we'll be able to find a taxi very easily during hush hours . Let's just take the bus . Fine . Have a look at the timetable to find out when the next one arrives . It looks like it should be here in just a few minutes . don't worry . Nothing bad will happen . I'll even buy your ticket for you . Thanks , that was nice of you .
The bathroom looks lovely . Did you redecorate it yourself or did you get someone in to do it for you ? I did it myself . I went online and found a lot of website devoted to home improvement . Then I went to DIY shop and bought everything I needed . I ' m sure I saved a lot of money by doing it myself and it was fun too . I learnt a lot by doing it myself . So , let ' s see . You have put new tiles on the floor and replaced a few tiles on the walls . You ' Ve also added a small cupboard for toiletries . The bath , shower , and washbasin are the same as before , aren ' t they ? Yes , they are . I gave them a good clean . They are in good condition and don ' t need to be replaced . How long did it take you to do the tiling .
I did it myself . I went online and found a lot of website devoted to home improvement . Then I went to DIY shop and bought everything I needed . I ' m sure I saved a lot of money by doing it myself and it was fun too . I learnt a lot by doing it myself . So , let ' s see . You have put new tiles on the floor and replaced a few tiles on the walls . You ' Ve also added a small cupboard for toiletries . The bath , shower , and washbasin are the same as before , aren ' t they ? Yes , they are . I gave them a good clean . They are in good condition and don ' t need to be replaced . How long did it take you to do the tiling . As I hadn ' t done it before , I had to keep referring to income 3ation I got from the internet . Doing the floor tiles took a whole day-from early morning to right through to the evening . Then I spent a few hours replacing the cracked wall tiles . Putting the cupboard up took about an hour , so it took me two days altogether .
So , let ' s see . You have put new tiles on the floor and replaced a few tiles on the walls . You ' Ve also added a small cupboard for toiletries . The bath , shower , and washbasin are the same as before , aren ' t they ? Yes , they are . I gave them a good clean . They are in good condition and don ' t need to be replaced . How long did it take you to do the tiling . As I hadn ' t done it before , I had to keep referring to income 3ation I got from the internet . Doing the floor tiles took a whole day-from early morning to right through to the evening . Then I spent a few hours replacing the cracked wall tiles . Putting the cupboard up took about an hour , so it took me two days altogether . I think you ' Ve done a very good job . As least as good as a professional would do . Perhaps I can convince you to redo my bathroom ?
Are you ready to go shopping ? Just a minute . I need to make a list of thinks that we need . Good idea . Have you written down potatoes , carrots , and onions ? I don ' t have onions on my list . I ' ll add them . We should get some tea . Is green tea ok or should we get the same tea that we usually get ? Let ' s get both . We need some coffee too . Is that on your list ?
Just a minute . I need to make a list of thinks that we need . Good idea . Have you written down potatoes , carrots , and onions ? I don ' t have onions on my list . I ' ll add them . We should get some tea . Is green tea ok or should we get the same tea that we usually get ? Let ' s get both . We need some coffee too . Is that on your list ? Yes , it is . Here ' s my list . Is there anything that I ' Ve forgotten ?
Good idea . Have you written down potatoes , carrots , and onions ? I don ' t have onions on my list . I ' ll add them . We should get some tea . Is green tea ok or should we get the same tea that we usually get ? Let ' s get both . We need some coffee too . Is that on your list ? Yes , it is . Here ' s my list . Is there anything that I ' Ve forgotten ? I think you ' Ve got everything . I want to got some chocolate and some cheese .
I don ' t have onions on my list . I ' ll add them . We should get some tea . Is green tea ok or should we get the same tea that we usually get ? Let ' s get both . We need some coffee too . Is that on your list ? Yes , it is . Here ' s my list . Is there anything that I ' Ve forgotten ? I think you ' Ve got everything . I want to got some chocolate and some cheese . What kind of cheese do you want .
Let ' s get both . We need some coffee too . Is that on your list ? Yes , it is . Here ' s my list . Is there anything that I ' Ve forgotten ? I think you ' Ve got everything . I want to got some chocolate and some cheese . What kind of cheese do you want . I ' m not sure . I ' ll decide at the cheese counter , when I can see what they have . Have we got enough money ?
Yes , it is . Here ' s my list . Is there anything that I ' Ve forgotten ? I think you ' Ve got everything . I want to got some chocolate and some cheese . What kind of cheese do you want . I ' m not sure . I ' ll decide at the cheese counter , when I can see what they have . Have we got enough money ? We don ' t have enough cash , so I ' ll take my credit card and we can pay with that . Where are the car keys ?
Nice to meet you , sir . I come from New Times Clothes Company . We learnt that your exhibits on the Trade Fair in Shanghai this month were marvelous . Would you please quote the price ? Before we discuss the price , may I ask you what kind of exhibits you are interested in ? Your summer clothes for white-collar and men's jackets . Can you give us a rough idea of the quantity you require ? It is generally known that the price varies according to the quantity . That is to say , 10000 sets for the one of white-collar and 5000 for men's jackets .
Before we discuss the price , may I ask you what kind of exhibits you are interested in ? Your summer clothes for white-collar and men's jackets . Can you give us a rough idea of the quantity you require ? It is generally known that the price varies according to the quantity . That is to say , 10000 sets for the one of white-collar and 5000 for men's jackets . In that case , our offer for the white-collar series is US $ 200 , and the other is US $ 300 per set .
Your summer clothes for white-collar and men's jackets . Can you give us a rough idea of the quantity you require ? It is generally known that the price varies according to the quantity . That is to say , 10000 sets for the one of white-collar and 5000 for men's jackets . In that case , our offer for the white-collar series is US $ 200 , and the other is US $ 300 per set . Do you quote CIF or FOB ?
Can you give us a rough idea of the quantity you require ? It is generally known that the price varies according to the quantity . That is to say , 10000 sets for the one of white-collar and 5000 for men's jackets . In that case , our offer for the white-collar series is US $ 200 , and the other is US $ 300 per set . Do you quote CIF or FOB ? We usually quote on a CIF basis and a commission of five percent for you . You will find our price is most competitive .
That is to say , 10000 sets for the one of white-collar and 5000 for men's jackets . In that case , our offer for the white-collar series is US $ 200 , and the other is US $ 300 per set . Do you quote CIF or FOB ? We usually quote on a CIF basis and a commission of five percent for you . You will find our price is most competitive . What are your terms of payment ?
In that case , our offer for the white-collar series is US $ 200 , and the other is US $ 300 per set . Do you quote CIF or FOB ? We usually quote on a CIF basis and a commission of five percent for you . You will find our price is most competitive . What are your terms of payment ? Letter of credit at sight .
Do you quote CIF or FOB ? We usually quote on a CIF basis and a commission of five percent for you . You will find our price is most competitive . What are your terms of payment ? Letter of credit at sight . Another question . Could you tell me the earliest possible time of shipment ?
We usually quote on a CIF basis and a commission of five percent for you . You will find our price is most competitive . What are your terms of payment ? Letter of credit at sight . Another question . Could you tell me the earliest possible time of shipment ? Within a month after your letter of credit reaches us .
What are your terms of payment ? Letter of credit at sight . Another question . Could you tell me the earliest possible time of shipment ? Within a month after your letter of credit reaches us . Well , I got all the point . All the decision will be made since I get the approval from my supervisor .
Let's go to the animal shelter . What do you want to do ? I want to get a puppy for my son . That will make him so happy . I'll get him one of those little dogs .
What do you want to do ? I want to get a puppy for my son . That will make him so happy . I'll get him one of those little dogs . One that won't grow up too big .
I want to get a puppy for my son . That will make him so happy . I'll get him one of those little dogs . One that won't grow up too big . And eat too much .
That will make him so happy . I'll get him one of those little dogs . One that won't grow up too big . And eat too much . Do you know which one he would like ?
I'll get him one of those little dogs . One that won't grow up too big . And eat too much . Do you know which one he would like ? Oh , yes , I took him there yesterday . He showed me one that he really liked .
One that won't grow up too big . And eat too much . Do you know which one he would like ? Oh , yes , I took him there yesterday . He showed me one that he really liked . I bet you had to drag him away .
And eat too much . Do you know which one he would like ? Oh , yes , I took him there yesterday . He showed me one that he really liked . I bet you had to drag him away . He wanted to take it home yesterday .
Do you work well under pressure ? Working under pressure is exciting and challenging . I don ' t mind working under pressure . I work well under that circumstance . People can , I can . Do you have any particular conditions that you would like the company to take into consideration ? No , nothing in particular . How soon can you begin working for us ?
Are you ready to order ? May I suggest a veal ? No , I'll have the fish please . The chicken is also nice . No , I want the fish . Our special tonight is lobster .
No , I'll have the fish please . The chicken is also nice . No , I want the fish . Our special tonight is lobster . Thank you , but I prefer the fish .
The chicken is also nice . No , I want the fish . Our special tonight is lobster . Thank you , but I prefer the fish . Perhaps you'd enjoy the lamb .
No , I want the fish . Our special tonight is lobster . Thank you , but I prefer the fish . Perhaps you'd enjoy the lamb . No , I like the fish .
Hi ! Is that the new laptop you brought last week ? It looks very nice . Yes , it is . Thanks . I ' m just surfing on the internet . Here ? In this cafe ? How can you do that ? This cafe offers a wireless internet connection . That means I can get on the net for free while I ' m here . Of course , I have to buy a cup of coffee ! That ' s great . Can you do it anywhere ?
Yes , it is . Thanks . I ' m just surfing on the internet . Here ? In this cafe ? How can you do that ? This cafe offers a wireless internet connection . That means I can get on the net for free while I ' m here . Of course , I have to buy a cup of coffee ! That ' s great . Can you do it anywhere ? No . you can only do it when the cafe offers a wireless connection . There are only about 10 or 12 places that offer it in this city .
Here ? In this cafe ? How can you do that ? This cafe offers a wireless internet connection . That means I can get on the net for free while I ' m here . Of course , I have to buy a cup of coffee ! That ' s great . Can you do it anywhere ? No . you can only do it when the cafe offers a wireless connection . There are only about 10 or 12 places that offer it in this city . So , what programs do you have on your laptop ?
This cafe offers a wireless internet connection . That means I can get on the net for free while I ' m here . Of course , I have to buy a cup of coffee ! That ' s great . Can you do it anywhere ? No . you can only do it when the cafe offers a wireless connection . There are only about 10 or 12 places that offer it in this city . So , what programs do you have on your laptop ? I ' Ve got all the usual ones for word processing and then I have a few for creating and editing photographs .
That ' s great . Can you do it anywhere ? No . you can only do it when the cafe offers a wireless connection . There are only about 10 or 12 places that offer it in this city . So , what programs do you have on your laptop ? I ' Ve got all the usual ones for word processing and then I have a few for creating and editing photographs . I know you are keen on photography . It ' s very useful for you to be able to download photos from your digital camera . Then you attach the picture files to emails and send them to anyone , anywhere , at a
Hi , my name is Sovia . What ' s your name ? My name is Jeff . What do you do ? I ' m a podiatrist . What about you ? I ' m a nurse . What do you do in your free time ?
My name is Jeff . What do you do ? I ' m a podiatrist . What about you ? I ' m a nurse . What do you do in your free time ? I like to play piano , go bowling and chat with my friends . And you ?
What do you do ? I ' m a podiatrist . What about you ? I ' m a nurse . What do you do in your free time ? I like to play piano , go bowling and chat with my friends . And you ? I like to hang out with my friends , play games and go swimming .
I ' m a podiatrist . What about you ? I ' m a nurse . What do you do in your free time ? I like to play piano , go bowling and chat with my friends . And you ? I like to hang out with my friends , play games and go swimming . Would you like to go out some time ?
I ' m a nurse . What do you do in your free time ? I like to play piano , go bowling and chat with my friends . And you ? I like to hang out with my friends , play games and go swimming . Would you like to go out some time ? Sure , that ' d be great . Where would you like to go ?
I like to play piano , go bowling and chat with my friends . And you ? I like to hang out with my friends , play games and go swimming . Would you like to go out some time ? Sure , that ' d be great . Where would you like to go ? Anywhere with you .
Hello . Where are you headed today ? I'm off to Barcelona for a week . Do you have your passport with you ? Yes , here you go . I don't need a visa to go to Spain , do I ? Fortunately for you , you don't . Next time , if you have any questions about visas , you should try to find out before you get to the airport .
I'm off to Barcelona for a week . Do you have your passport with you ? Yes , here you go . I don't need a visa to go to Spain , do I ? Fortunately for you , you don't . Next time , if you have any questions about visas , you should try to find out before you get to the airport . That's good advice .
Do you have your passport with you ? Yes , here you go . I don't need a visa to go to Spain , do I ? Fortunately for you , you don't . Next time , if you have any questions about visas , you should try to find out before you get to the airport . That's good advice . Would you like a window seat or an aisle seat ?
Yes , here you go . I don't need a visa to go to Spain , do I ? Fortunately for you , you don't . Next time , if you have any questions about visas , you should try to find out before you get to the airport . That's good advice . Would you like a window seat or an aisle seat ? Are there any seats available by the emergency exits ?
Fortunately for you , you don't . Next time , if you have any questions about visas , you should try to find out before you get to the airport . That's good advice . Would you like a window seat or an aisle seat ? Are there any seats available by the emergency exits ? Let me see here ... yes , there's one left .
That's good advice . Would you like a window seat or an aisle seat ? Are there any seats available by the emergency exits ? Let me see here ... yes , there's one left . Ok . I'll take that one then .
Would you like a window seat or an aisle seat ? Are there any seats available by the emergency exits ? Let me see here ... yes , there's one left . Ok . I'll take that one then . Alright . How many pieces of luggage are you checking in ?
Are there any seats available by the emergency exits ? Let me see here ... yes , there's one left . Ok . I'll take that one then . Alright . How many pieces of luggage are you checking in ? I like to travel light so I just have this one .
Let me see here ... yes , there's one left . Ok . I'll take that one then . Alright . How many pieces of luggage are you checking in ? I like to travel light so I just have this one . If that's your only piece of luggage , it is small enough to carry on with you . Would you like to do that so you don't have to wait in luggage reclaim once you arrive ?
Ok . I'll take that one then . Alright . How many pieces of luggage are you checking in ? I like to travel light so I just have this one . If that's your only piece of luggage , it is small enough to carry on with you . Would you like to do that so you don't have to wait in luggage reclaim once you arrive ? Yes , please . That's a fantastic idea . Which gate do I need to go to ?
What kind of character do you think you have ? Generally speaking , l am an open-minded person . What is your strongest trait ? Cheerfulness and friendliness . How would your friends or colleagues describe you ?
Generally speaking , l am an open-minded person . What is your strongest trait ? Cheerfulness and friendliness . How would your friends or colleagues describe you ? They say Mr . Sun is a friendly , sensitive , caring and determined person .
What is your strongest trait ? Cheerfulness and friendliness . How would your friends or colleagues describe you ? They say Mr . Sun is a friendly , sensitive , caring and determined person . What personality do you admire ?
Cheerfulness and friendliness . How would your friends or colleagues describe you ? They say Mr . Sun is a friendly , sensitive , caring and determined person . What personality do you admire ? I admire a person who is honest , flexible and easy-going .
How would your friends or colleagues describe you ? They say Mr . Sun is a friendly , sensitive , caring and determined person . What personality do you admire ? I admire a person who is honest , flexible and easy-going . How do you get along with others ?
Hey Joe , what are you doing in this department store ? Hi , Rita , I'm just looking for a pair of shoes . I won't be here for long . Why not ? When I go shoe shopping , I have so many options for sneakers that I spend awhile looking at all of the choices . That's my problem . I don't have a lot of options . What do you mean ? This is a big store , isn't it ?
Hi , Rita , I'm just looking for a pair of shoes . I won't be here for long . Why not ? When I go shoe shopping , I have so many options for sneakers that I spend awhile looking at all of the choices . That's my problem . I don't have a lot of options . What do you mean ? This is a big store , isn't it ? Yes , but I have unusually big feet . That wouldn't be too much of a problem except that they're also very wide , and only a few brands sell shoes that I can fit into .
Why not ? When I go shoe shopping , I have so many options for sneakers that I spend awhile looking at all of the choices . That's my problem . I don't have a lot of options . What do you mean ? This is a big store , isn't it ? Yes , but I have unusually big feet . That wouldn't be too much of a problem except that they're also very wide , and only a few brands sell shoes that I can fit into . So how do you usually go about buying shoes , then ?
That's my problem . I don't have a lot of options . What do you mean ? This is a big store , isn't it ? Yes , but I have unusually big feet . That wouldn't be too much of a problem except that they're also very wide , and only a few brands sell shoes that I can fit into . So how do you usually go about buying shoes , then ? Well , first of all , I can only go to certain stores that can guarantee me a large selection .
What do you mean ? This is a big store , isn't it ? Yes , but I have unusually big feet . That wouldn't be too much of a problem except that they're also very wide , and only a few brands sell shoes that I can fit into . So how do you usually go about buying shoes , then ? Well , first of all , I can only go to certain stores that can guarantee me a large selection . Well , you're in the right store . If they don't have it , no one will .
I have been thinking of buying a house and would like to speak with you . I have time to speak with you . Where would you like to purchase your house ? I am most interested in Pasadena or Arcadia , but would be open to other suggestions . How many bedrooms and bathrooms do you need ? We have several generations of family living in our household and so need a very large home .
I have time to speak with you . Where would you like to purchase your house ? I am most interested in Pasadena or Arcadia , but would be open to other suggestions . How many bedrooms and bathrooms do you need ? We have several generations of family living in our household and so need a very large home . Do you need to be located in a particular school district ?
I am most interested in Pasadena or Arcadia , but would be open to other suggestions . How many bedrooms and bathrooms do you need ? We have several generations of family living in our household and so need a very large home . Do you need to be located in a particular school district ? It doesn ' t matter , as we do not have any children .
How many bedrooms and bathrooms do you need ? We have several generations of family living in our household and so need a very large home . Do you need to be located in a particular school district ? It doesn ' t matter , as we do not have any children . Is a view important to you , or would you rather be located on a lakeshore lot ?
We have several generations of family living in our household and so need a very large home . Do you need to be located in a particular school district ? It doesn ' t matter , as we do not have any children . Is a view important to you , or would you rather be located on a lakeshore lot ? In a perfect world , we would like a home with a view of the lake .
Welcome on board . May I see your boarding pass ? Here you are . Your seat is three , in the third row , near the window . Thank you . Where can I put my suitcase ? Either in the overhead compartment or underneath the seat .
Excuse me . This bus goes downtown , doesn't it ? Yes . Where do you want to go ? The Workers'Stadium . This is the right bus . Will you let me know where to get off ?
Yes . Where do you want to go ? The Workers'Stadium . This is the right bus . Will you let me know where to get off ? Certainly . Four more stop after this . I'll call out the stops .
Are there any special requirements on the project ? And shall we talk around it in details ? Yes , there're some samples in our office and you can take some to study it . Besides , you see , in recent years , we've visited a diversity of factory buildings all over the world and we hope that our building is the perfect match of advanced technology and attractiveness . That's a good idea . We can improve our technology to meet your special need . And please let white color dominate . OK ! I've noted it down . And any others ?
Yes , there're some samples in our office and you can take some to study it . Besides , you see , in recent years , we've visited a diversity of factory buildings all over the world and we hope that our building is the perfect match of advanced technology and attractiveness . That's a good idea . We can improve our technology to meet your special need . And please let white color dominate . OK ! I've noted it down . And any others ? Oh ! I've almost forgot the location was transferred to the A county in the east of the city .
That's a good idea . We can improve our technology to meet your special need . And please let white color dominate . OK ! I've noted it down . And any others ? Oh ! I've almost forgot the location was transferred to the A county in the east of the city . I'll tell them .
And please let white color dominate . OK ! I've noted it down . And any others ? Oh ! I've almost forgot the location was transferred to the A county in the east of the city . I'll tell them . Well , the most important thing is that our company demand the quality be exactly the same as the sample which you'll take from the office on the third floor .
OK ! I've noted it down . And any others ? Oh ! I've almost forgot the location was transferred to the A county in the east of the city . I'll tell them . Well , the most important thing is that our company demand the quality be exactly the same as the sample which you'll take from the office on the third floor . Please feel assured that we'll abide by our promise . And we'll do everything we can to ensure delivery .
Oh ! I've almost forgot the location was transferred to the A county in the east of the city . I'll tell them . Well , the most important thing is that our company demand the quality be exactly the same as the sample which you'll take from the office on the third floor . Please feel assured that we'll abide by our promise . And we'll do everything we can to ensure delivery . Thanks a lot . And I believe I'll have a good time working with you .
I'll tell them . Well , the most important thing is that our company demand the quality be exactly the same as the sample which you'll take from the office on the third floor . Please feel assured that we'll abide by our promise . And we'll do everything we can to ensure delivery . Thanks a lot . And I believe I'll have a good time working with you . I think so . Bye !
What shall we do today ? We'd better stay in the hotel , because the tour will begin tomorrow . Let's go out for some exercise , shall we ? What an excellent idea ! Shall we do some jogging ?
We'd better stay in the hotel , because the tour will begin tomorrow . Let's go out for some exercise , shall we ? What an excellent idea ! Shall we do some jogging ? OK .
Let's go out for some exercise , shall we ? What an excellent idea ! Shall we do some jogging ? OK . I feel well now .
What an excellent idea ! Shall we do some jogging ? OK . I feel well now . Yes , some exercise is necessary for us .
I really want to make something for dinner . What are you going to cook ? I haven't the slightest clue what I'm going to make . A teriyaki bowl sounds nice . I don't know how to make that .
What are you going to cook ? I haven't the slightest clue what I'm going to make . A teriyaki bowl sounds nice . I don't know how to make that . All you need to make it is white rice and some teriyaki beef .
I haven't the slightest clue what I'm going to make . A teriyaki bowl sounds nice . I don't know how to make that . All you need to make it is white rice and some teriyaki beef . That sounds fairly simple , but how do I cook it ?
A teriyaki bowl sounds nice . I don't know how to make that . All you need to make it is white rice and some teriyaki beef . That sounds fairly simple , but how do I cook it ? The first and simplest thing you have to do is make some white rice .
I don't know how to make that . All you need to make it is white rice and some teriyaki beef . That sounds fairly simple , but how do I cook it ? The first and simplest thing you have to do is make some white rice . What's next ?
All you need to make it is white rice and some teriyaki beef . That sounds fairly simple , but how do I cook it ? The first and simplest thing you have to do is make some white rice . What's next ? Then you should shred your beef and pour some teriyaki marinade over it .
That sounds fairly simple , but how do I cook it ? The first and simplest thing you have to do is make some white rice . What's next ? Then you should shred your beef and pour some teriyaki marinade over it . What's the next thing I need to do ?
Hi , good morning , Miss ? what can I help you with ? Good morning I'd like to mail this box of books to Taiwan . OK , please put it on this scale . Airmail or by sea ? How long does it take to reach Taiwan by sea ? Usually about two month .
Good morning I'd like to mail this box of books to Taiwan . OK , please put it on this scale . Airmail or by sea ? How long does it take to reach Taiwan by sea ? Usually about two month . That's too long . How long does it take to reach Taiwan by airmail ?
OK , please put it on this scale . Airmail or by sea ? How long does it take to reach Taiwan by sea ? Usually about two month . That's too long . How long does it take to reach Taiwan by airmail ? About ten days .
How long does it take to reach Taiwan by sea ? Usually about two month . That's too long . How long does it take to reach Taiwan by airmail ? About ten days . Then how much is that by airmail ?
Usually about two month . That's too long . How long does it take to reach Taiwan by airmail ? About ten days . Then how much is that by airmail ? Let me see . It ' s 57 dollars , 20 cents , including tax .
That's too long . How long does it take to reach Taiwan by airmail ? About ten days . Then how much is that by airmail ? Let me see . It ' s 57 dollars , 20 cents , including tax . That's a little bit expensive .
About ten days . Then how much is that by airmail ? Let me see . It ' s 57 dollars , 20 cents , including tax . That's a little bit expensive . Although it's expensive to send it by airmail , it's quicker and safer than by sea .
Then how much is that by airmail ? Let me see . It ' s 57 dollars , 20 cents , including tax . That's a little bit expensive . Although it's expensive to send it by airmail , it's quicker and safer than by sea . I guess I have to send it by airmail .
Let me see . It ' s 57 dollars , 20 cents , including tax . That's a little bit expensive . Although it's expensive to send it by airmail , it's quicker and safer than by sea . I guess I have to send it by airmail . Do you want to ensure the contents , Miss ?
That's a little bit expensive . Although it's expensive to send it by airmail , it's quicker and safer than by sea . I guess I have to send it by airmail . Do you want to ensure the contents , Miss ? Yes , please .
Although it's expensive to send it by airmail , it's quicker and safer than by sea . I guess I have to send it by airmail . Do you want to ensure the contents , Miss ? Yes , please . Please fill out this form , also please write the value of the items in this space .
I can ' t believe these skirts are so cheap . I know and they are really nice , too . I ' ll have to get a couple in different colors . Me , too . Buy them now though , or they might not still be here tomorrow .
Dad , I ' d like to borrow some money . Sure , Johnny , how much do you need ? five bucks ? Come on , Dad , I need thirty thousand . I wanna get into the market . You know , I ' m tired of hearing all this news about the economic downturn , the inevitable recession , people stuffing their money in their mattresses . I look at this as an opportunity . This is a chance for me to get a jump start on building my nest egg . I don ' t know about that . with all the uncertainty in the markets right now , it would be a very unwise decision to invest . I don ' t know if you ' re aware son , but there has been a lot of turmoil in the markets recently . There have already been half a million layoffs in the last few months , and we have no idea how the proposed stimulus package will impact the economy . There ' s just too much instability . I wouldn ' t feel comfortable investing in this climate . But look at it this way , every challenge is an opportunity . And anyway , I ' m not talking about investing in the domestic market . There are emerging markets that promise great returns . Look at China , for example . they have 1 . 4 billion people , half a billion of whom have recently entered the middle class . Here alone , the aggregate demand for consumer goods represents an amazing wealth generating opportunity .
Sure , Johnny , how much do you need ? five bucks ? Come on , Dad , I need thirty thousand . I wanna get into the market . You know , I ' m tired of hearing all this news about the economic downturn , the inevitable recession , people stuffing their money in their mattresses . I look at this as an opportunity . This is a chance for me to get a jump start on building my nest egg . I don ' t know about that . with all the uncertainty in the markets right now , it would be a very unwise decision to invest . I don ' t know if you ' re aware son , but there has been a lot of turmoil in the markets recently . There have already been half a million layoffs in the last few months , and we have no idea how the proposed stimulus package will impact the economy . There ' s just too much instability . I wouldn ' t feel comfortable investing in this climate . But look at it this way , every challenge is an opportunity . And anyway , I ' m not talking about investing in the domestic market . There are emerging markets that promise great returns . Look at China , for example . they have 1 . 4 billion people , half a billion of whom have recently entered the middle class . Here alone , the aggregate demand for consumer goods represents an amazing wealth generating opportunity . Come on , son , you ' re looking at this too naively , the Chinese market has exhibited a great deal of instability , and their currency has been devalued by almost a whole percentage point .
How do you feel ? I'm getting sleepy . You've had so long a flight . Time difference also makes me feel weak . Oh , I forgot about it .
I'm getting sleepy . You've had so long a flight . Time difference also makes me feel weak . Oh , I forgot about it . It's four o'clock in the morning in Chicago now , but it's time to go to bed in Shanghai .
What are we eating for lunch ? I have no idea . What about you ? I kind of want pizza . I ate pizza the other day . So , what do you feel like eating then ?
I have no idea . What about you ? I kind of want pizza . I ate pizza the other day . So , what do you feel like eating then ? How about some burgers ?
I kind of want pizza . I ate pizza the other day . So , what do you feel like eating then ? How about some burgers ? I already had a burger yesterday .
I ate pizza the other day . So , what do you feel like eating then ? How about some burgers ? I already had a burger yesterday . What are we going to do ?
So , what do you feel like eating then ? How about some burgers ? I already had a burger yesterday . What are we going to do ? We can just each get what we want to get .
How about some burgers ? I already had a burger yesterday . What are we going to do ? We can just each get what we want to get . That sounds like a plan .
I already had a burger yesterday . What are we going to do ? We can just each get what we want to get . That sounds like a plan . Do you know a place that sells pizza and burgers ?
Good morning ! What can I do for you ? I'm thinking of travelling to Suzhou in July . Could you recommend some tourist programs for that ? With pleasure . We arrange two kinds of tourist programs for Suzhou , a six-day tour by train and a five-day flying journey . How much does a six-day tour by train cost ? Five hundred yuan .
I'm thinking of travelling to Suzhou in July . Could you recommend some tourist programs for that ? With pleasure . We arrange two kinds of tourist programs for Suzhou , a six-day tour by train and a five-day flying journey . How much does a six-day tour by train cost ? Five hundred yuan . Does that include hotels and meals ?
With pleasure . We arrange two kinds of tourist programs for Suzhou , a six-day tour by train and a five-day flying journey . How much does a six-day tour by train cost ? Five hundred yuan . Does that include hotels and meals ? Oh , yes , and admission tickets for places of interest as well .
How much does a six-day tour by train cost ? Five hundred yuan . Does that include hotels and meals ? Oh , yes , and admission tickets for places of interest as well . That sounds reasonable . What about the five-day flying journey ? How much is that ?
Five hundred yuan . Does that include hotels and meals ? Oh , yes , and admission tickets for places of interest as well . That sounds reasonable . What about the five-day flying journey ? How much is that ? Eight hundred and fifty yuan .
Does that include hotels and meals ? Oh , yes , and admission tickets for places of interest as well . That sounds reasonable . What about the five-day flying journey ? How much is that ? Eight hundred and fifty yuan . Covering all expenses ?
How does the political system work in your country ? We have hundreds of constituencies and the voters in each one elect a member of parliament . Most people call them mp ' s . Each mp belongs to a political party , right ? Almost all of them do . A few are independent . That means that they do not belong to a party . If one party more than half of the mp ' s . they form a government . That means that they choose a prime Finist What ' s a cabinet ?
We have hundreds of constituencies and the voters in each one elect a member of parliament . Most people call them mp ' s . Each mp belongs to a political party , right ? Almost all of them do . A few are independent . That means that they do not belong to a party . If one party more than half of the mp ' s . they form a government . That means that they choose a prime Finist What ' s a cabinet ? This is a small group of people-perhaps 25 mp ' s who are usually ministers . They make all the big decision and discuss laws and policy .
Each mp belongs to a political party , right ? Almost all of them do . A few are independent . That means that they do not belong to a party . If one party more than half of the mp ' s . they form a government . That means that they choose a prime Finist What ' s a cabinet ? This is a small group of people-perhaps 25 mp ' s who are usually ministers . They make all the big decision and discuss laws and policy . Can any mp make a law ?
Almost all of them do . A few are independent . That means that they do not belong to a party . If one party more than half of the mp ' s . they form a government . That means that they choose a prime Finist What ' s a cabinet ? This is a small group of people-perhaps 25 mp ' s who are usually ministers . They make all the big decision and discuss laws and policy . Can any mp make a law ? Any mp can present a law to parliament . The proposed law is debated and voted on . If it is accepted , it becomes law .
What ' s a cabinet ? This is a small group of people-perhaps 25 mp ' s who are usually ministers . They make all the big decision and discuss laws and policy . Can any mp make a law ? Any mp can present a law to parliament . The proposed law is debated and voted on . If it is accepted , it becomes law . I suppose a proposed a law needs the support of the big political parties .
This is a small group of people-perhaps 25 mp ' s who are usually ministers . They make all the big decision and discuss laws and policy . Can any mp make a law ? Any mp can present a law to parliament . The proposed law is debated and voted on . If it is accepted , it becomes law . I suppose a proposed a law needs the support of the big political parties . Yes , it does , because they have most of the mp ' s . most mp ' s vote the way their party wants them to .
Can any mp make a law ? Any mp can present a law to parliament . The proposed law is debated and voted on . If it is accepted , it becomes law . I suppose a proposed a law needs the support of the big political parties . Yes , it does , because they have most of the mp ' s . most mp ' s vote the way their party wants them to . How do people choose which party or candidate to vote for ?
Excuse me . Would you please make a suit with this material ? Sure . May I take your measurements ? Please don't make it too tight . This is for autumn wear , so make sure you allow for a cardigan underneath . I see , sir . Can you come back for a fitting on the 10th , that's in a week's time ? The 10th ? I'm sorry , but you see I'm going to attend an international conference on the 11th . Could you have the suit ready by the 8th , or at the latest , the 9th ?
Sure . May I take your measurements ? Please don't make it too tight . This is for autumn wear , so make sure you allow for a cardigan underneath . I see , sir . Can you come back for a fitting on the 10th , that's in a week's time ? The 10th ? I'm sorry , but you see I'm going to attend an international conference on the 11th . Could you have the suit ready by the 8th , or at the latest , the 9th ? Well , a business suit usually takes ten days ' time . But in your case , we'll try to have it ready sooner . How about coming for your fitting on the 8th ? Then your suit will be ready for you on the 10th ?
I'd like to see that pen , please . You mean this one ? No , the other one in the brown case . Oh , this one ... Here . May I try it ?
You mean this one ? No , the other one in the brown case . Oh , this one ... Here . May I try it ? Sure .
No , the other one in the brown case . Oh , this one ... Here . May I try it ? Sure . It's very smooth . I'll take it .
Oh , this one ... Here . May I try it ? Sure . It's very smooth . I'll take it . Cash or charge ?
Excuse me , could you tell me where Peking University is on this map ? Let me see . Here it is . Could you tell me how to get there ? I ' m afraid I can ' t because I ' m a stranger here . Oh , thanks all the same .
Welcome to Al's Bakery . What can I get you ? Hi ! Let me get a dozen croissants , four blueberry muffins and a loaf of sourdough bread . Sure . Would you like to have the loaf sliced ? No , that's OK . Do you have any whole wheat bread ? We are out at the moment . May I suggest some rye bread ?
Hi ! Let me get a dozen croissants , four blueberry muffins and a loaf of sourdough bread . Sure . Would you like to have the loaf sliced ? No , that's OK . Do you have any whole wheat bread ? We are out at the moment . May I suggest some rye bread ? Sure that sounds good . Do you have any cakes ?
Sure . Would you like to have the loaf sliced ? No , that's OK . Do you have any whole wheat bread ? We are out at the moment . May I suggest some rye bread ? Sure that sounds good . Do you have any cakes ? We have various birthday cakes and also ice cream cakes .
No , that's OK . Do you have any whole wheat bread ? We are out at the moment . May I suggest some rye bread ? Sure that sounds good . Do you have any cakes ? We have various birthday cakes and also ice cream cakes . I'll just take a cheesecake .
We are out at the moment . May I suggest some rye bread ? Sure that sounds good . Do you have any cakes ? We have various birthday cakes and also ice cream cakes . I'll just take a cheesecake . Will that be all ?
Sure that sounds good . Do you have any cakes ? We have various birthday cakes and also ice cream cakes . I'll just take a cheesecake . Will that be all ? Yes .
Medicine Industry , this is Peter Bush speaking , can I help you ? Good afternoon , could you connect this call with Mr Brown , please May I know who's calling ? This is Li Ping of ABC computer company limited . I'm calling on our Mr Wilson the general manager of our company . I'm sorry , Mrs Li , Mr Brown is now in a meeting . May I have your number , and ask him to call you back later ?
Good afternoon , could you connect this call with Mr Brown , please May I know who's calling ? This is Li Ping of ABC computer company limited . I'm calling on our Mr Wilson the general manager of our company . I'm sorry , Mrs Li , Mr Brown is now in a meeting . May I have your number , and ask him to call you back later ? I'm afraid Mr Wilson would like to speak to Mr Brown right now . He ' s got an urgent matter to discuss with Mr Brown without delay .
May I know who's calling ? This is Li Ping of ABC computer company limited . I'm calling on our Mr Wilson the general manager of our company . I'm sorry , Mrs Li , Mr Brown is now in a meeting . May I have your number , and ask him to call you back later ? I'm afraid Mr Wilson would like to speak to Mr Brown right now . He ' s got an urgent matter to discuss with Mr Brown without delay . Ok , then would you please hold the line ? Mr Li , the line is through , Mr Brown is ready answering the call , go ahead .
This is Li Ping of ABC computer company limited . I'm calling on our Mr Wilson the general manager of our company . I'm sorry , Mrs Li , Mr Brown is now in a meeting . May I have your number , and ask him to call you back later ? I'm afraid Mr Wilson would like to speak to Mr Brown right now . He ' s got an urgent matter to discuss with Mr Brown without delay . Ok , then would you please hold the line ? Mr Li , the line is through , Mr Brown is ready answering the call , go ahead . Thank you for your assistance , Mr Bush .
Good afternoon , Mrs . Vale . Please sit down . Thank you . Did you work as a salesperson before , Mrs . Vale ? Only as a clerk in a store . I see . Well , consulting is a little different .
Thank you . Did you work as a salesperson before , Mrs . Vale ? Only as a clerk in a store . I see . Well , consulting is a little different . I'm a quick leamer , Mr . Jenkins .
Did you work as a salesperson before , Mrs . Vale ? Only as a clerk in a store . I see . Well , consulting is a little different . I'm a quick leamer , Mr . Jenkins . Umm hmm . Do you have a diver's license ?
Only as a clerk in a store . I see . Well , consulting is a little different . I'm a quick leamer , Mr . Jenkins . Umm hmm . Do you have a diver's license ? Yes , and I'm a very good driver .
I see . Well , consulting is a little different . I'm a quick leamer , Mr . Jenkins . Umm hmm . Do you have a diver's license ? Yes , and I'm a very good driver . Fine . We provide a company car for our consultants .
I'm a quick leamer , Mr . Jenkins . Umm hmm . Do you have a diver's license ? Yes , and I'm a very good driver . Fine . We provide a company car for our consultants . Do I have to travel a lot ?
Umm hmm . Do you have a diver's license ? Yes , and I'm a very good driver . Fine . We provide a company car for our consultants . Do I have to travel a lot ? Oh yes-five days a week . You have to visit customers all over the territory .
Yes , and I'm a very good driver . Fine . We provide a company car for our consultants . Do I have to travel a lot ? Oh yes-five days a week . You have to visit customers all over the territory . But how will I get to know the products ?
Fine . We provide a company car for our consultants . Do I have to travel a lot ? Oh yes-five days a week . You have to visit customers all over the territory . But how will I get to know the products ? You'll have to attend a three-week course . If you do well , the job is yours .
Do I have to travel a lot ? Oh yes-five days a week . You have to visit customers all over the territory . But how will I get to know the products ? You'll have to attend a three-week course . If you do well , the job is yours . How much is the salary ?
Oh yes-five days a week . You have to visit customers all over the territory . But how will I get to know the products ? You'll have to attend a three-week course . If you do well , the job is yours . How much is the salary ? Starting salary is $ 150 a week-plus commissions , of course .
But how will I get to know the products ? You'll have to attend a three-week course . If you do well , the job is yours . How much is the salary ? Starting salary is $ 150 a week-plus commissions , of course . How much commission do your consultants get ?
You'll have to attend a three-week course . If you do well , the job is yours . How much is the salary ? Starting salary is $ 150 a week-plus commissions , of course . How much commission do your consultants get ? Five percent .
How much is the salary ? Starting salary is $ 150 a week-plus commissions , of course . How much commission do your consultants get ? Five percent . Well , I'm very interested in the job .
Starting salary is $ 150 a week-plus commissions , of course . How much commission do your consultants get ? Five percent . Well , I'm very interested in the job . Fine . The next course starts a week from tomorrow .
How much commission do your consultants get ? Five percent . Well , I'm very interested in the job . Fine . The next course starts a week from tomorrow . Thank you .
Hi , Francis , how was your business trip ? It was a nightmare . What ' s up ? Actually , the business trip itself was very successful . We arrived on time , we had nice conversations and we settled some important issues for the next year . Sounds quite fruitful , why do you call it still a nightmare then ?
It was a nightmare . What ' s up ? Actually , the business trip itself was very successful . We arrived on time , we had nice conversations and we settled some important issues for the next year . Sounds quite fruitful , why do you call it still a nightmare then ? Well , the air line lost my luggage on the return flight and then I lost my carry on bag when I was tackling with the officers in charge . I left the airport three hours later than I expected and then I was caught in a traffic jam . When I finally got home , I was totally exhausted . But I found the elevator was out of service due to a blackout .
What ' s up ? Actually , the business trip itself was very successful . We arrived on time , we had nice conversations and we settled some important issues for the next year . Sounds quite fruitful , why do you call it still a nightmare then ? Well , the air line lost my luggage on the return flight and then I lost my carry on bag when I was tackling with the officers in charge . I left the airport three hours later than I expected and then I was caught in a traffic jam . When I finally got home , I was totally exhausted . But I found the elevator was out of service due to a blackout . This is really a sad story . Did they trace back your luggage ?
Actually , the business trip itself was very successful . We arrived on time , we had nice conversations and we settled some important issues for the next year . Sounds quite fruitful , why do you call it still a nightmare then ? Well , the air line lost my luggage on the return flight and then I lost my carry on bag when I was tackling with the officers in charge . I left the airport three hours later than I expected and then I was caught in a traffic jam . When I finally got home , I was totally exhausted . But I found the elevator was out of service due to a blackout . This is really a sad story . Did they trace back your luggage ? I am still waiting for their call .
You're here to make a deposit , is that correct ? Right . I'd like to deposit 2,000 RIB into my Current Account . No problem . Could I have the cash and your Bank Book , please ? Oh dear ... there seems to be some problems here ... What ? What's wrong ? I'm sorry but 5 of these notes seem to be counterfeit . Look at this watermark , do you see it ?
Excuse me , sir , I'm afraid you can't park your car here . Why not ? It's my parking space . I'm afraid not , sir . Oh ? That's a surprise . Let me see ... D 0411 Our dog's birthday . Yes , I'm sure this my parking space ! But I saw a red car always parking here before .
Why not ? It's my parking space . I'm afraid not , sir . Oh ? That's a surprise . Let me see ... D 0411 Our dog's birthday . Yes , I'm sure this my parking space ! But I saw a red car always parking here before . Oh , we've just repainted our car . It was red .
I'm afraid not , sir . Oh ? That's a surprise . Let me see ... D 0411 Our dog's birthday . Yes , I'm sure this my parking space ! But I saw a red car always parking here before . Oh , we've just repainted our car . It was red . Maybe . But the car of this space has a broken rearview mirror on the left .
Oh ? That's a surprise . Let me see ... D 0411 Our dog's birthday . Yes , I'm sure this my parking space ! But I saw a red car always parking here before . Oh , we've just repainted our car . It was red . Maybe . But the car of this space has a broken rearview mirror on the left . Yeah . It used to . We got that fixed yesterday too .
But I saw a red car always parking here before . Oh , we've just repainted our car . It was red . Maybe . But the car of this space has a broken rearview mirror on the left . Yeah . It used to . We got that fixed yesterday too . Could you wait for a minute , sir ? I'd like to have a check .
Oh , we've just repainted our car . It was red . Maybe . But the car of this space has a broken rearview mirror on the left . Yeah . It used to . We got that fixed yesterday too . Could you wait for a minute , sir ? I'd like to have a check . Sure , go ahead .
Maybe . But the car of this space has a broken rearview mirror on the left . Yeah . It used to . We got that fixed yesterday too . Could you wait for a minute , sir ? I'd like to have a check . Sure , go ahead . Sorry , sir , my mistake . This is your parking space .
I am sorry to trouble you , but there's a lot of noise in the next room . Oh , is there ? Which room is it ? It's . I think , neighbours on the right . You mean the room thirteen-thirteen ? I'm not sure , but I think so . I'm very exhausted , but I can't sleep .
Oh , is there ? Which room is it ? It's . I think , neighbours on the right . You mean the room thirteen-thirteen ? I'm not sure , but I think so . I'm very exhausted , but I can't sleep . All right , ma'am . I'll check and tell them to be quiet .
How about your interview ? They turned me down . Why ? You are so excellent . I think the only reason is that I was too nervous during the interview and I couldn't express myself the way I wanted to . What a shame ! You should have showed yourself to them !
They turned me down . Why ? You are so excellent . I think the only reason is that I was too nervous during the interview and I couldn't express myself the way I wanted to . What a shame ! You should have showed yourself to them ! It doesn't matter . I'll try other companies .
Why ? You are so excellent . I think the only reason is that I was too nervous during the interview and I couldn't express myself the way I wanted to . What a shame ! You should have showed yourself to them ! It doesn't matter . I'll try other companies . I suggest you hunt for a job on the Internet .
I think the only reason is that I was too nervous during the interview and I couldn't express myself the way I wanted to . What a shame ! You should have showed yourself to them ! It doesn't matter . I'll try other companies . I suggest you hunt for a job on the Internet . On the Internet ? I've never heard of it .
What a shame ! You should have showed yourself to them ! It doesn't matter . I'll try other companies . I suggest you hunt for a job on the Internet . On the Internet ? I've never heard of it . It's very convenient and it has become popular recently .
It doesn't matter . I'll try other companies . I suggest you hunt for a job on the Internet . On the Internet ? I've never heard of it . It's very convenient and it has become popular recently . Is that safe ?
I suggest you hunt for a job on the Internet . On the Internet ? I've never heard of it . It's very convenient and it has become popular recently . Is that safe ? Of course , if you log on some standard websites .
Hello . I sent out my laundry yesterday . Aren ' t they ready ? They'll be ready by this afternoon . Oh , no ! I'm leaving for Japan at 11 this morning . Is that right ? We're very sorry . I thought it was " the same day " service . Anyway , please do hurry .
They'll be ready by this afternoon . Oh , no ! I'm leaving for Japan at 11 this morning . Is that right ? We're very sorry . I thought it was " the same day " service . Anyway , please do hurry . I'm afraid we can't return it by 11 o'clock .
Oh , no ! I'm leaving for Japan at 11 this morning . Is that right ? We're very sorry . I thought it was " the same day " service . Anyway , please do hurry . I'm afraid we can't return it by 11 o'clock . Well , then , would you send it to Japan , please ?
Good morning . Wilson Association . This is Mr Brown speaking . I'd like to speak to Mr . Thomas , please . I'm sorry , but Mr . Thomas left the office a few minutes ago . That's bad ! I've been trying to call him for the last ten minutes , but your line has been busy . Will he be back soon ? I'm afraid not . He's gone for the rest of the day .
This is Mr Brown speaking . I'd like to speak to Mr . Thomas , please . I'm sorry , but Mr . Thomas left the office a few minutes ago . That's bad ! I've been trying to call him for the last ten minutes , but your line has been busy . Will he be back soon ? I'm afraid not . He's gone for the rest of the day . Is there anywhere I can reach him ?
I'm sorry , but Mr . Thomas left the office a few minutes ago . That's bad ! I've been trying to call him for the last ten minutes , but your line has been busy . Will he be back soon ? I'm afraid not . He's gone for the rest of the day . Is there anywhere I can reach him ? I don't believe so . He's going out of town on business . May I take a message ?
That's bad ! I've been trying to call him for the last ten minutes , but your line has been busy . Will he be back soon ? I'm afraid not . He's gone for the rest of the day . Is there anywhere I can reach him ? I don't believe so . He's going out of town on business . May I take a message ? I have a business appointment with him for tomorrow morning at ten o'clock , but I'm afraid I can't make it .
I'm afraid not . He's gone for the rest of the day . Is there anywhere I can reach him ? I don't believe so . He's going out of town on business . May I take a message ? I have a business appointment with him for tomorrow morning at ten o'clock , but I'm afraid I can't make it . Would you care to make another appointment ?
Is there anywhere I can reach him ? I don't believe so . He's going out of town on business . May I take a message ? I have a business appointment with him for tomorrow morning at ten o'clock , but I'm afraid I can't make it . Would you care to make another appointment ? Unfortunately , I'm leaving town rather unexpectedly , and I may be gone for several days .
I don't believe so . He's going out of town on business . May I take a message ? I have a business appointment with him for tomorrow morning at ten o'clock , but I'm afraid I can't make it . Would you care to make another appointment ? Unfortunately , I'm leaving town rather unexpectedly , and I may be gone for several days . I see . I can tell Mr . Thomas that you phoned .
I have a business appointment with him for tomorrow morning at ten o'clock , but I'm afraid I can't make it . Would you care to make another appointment ? Unfortunately , I'm leaving town rather unexpectedly , and I may be gone for several days . I see . I can tell Mr . Thomas that you phoned . Thank you .
Bruno Bistro , how may I help you ? Yes , hello , I would like to make a reservation please . Certainly sir , For which day and time please ? Tonight at seven . I'm sorry sir , but we are fully booked tonight until eight .
Yes , hello , I would like to make a reservation please . Certainly sir , For which day and time please ? Tonight at seven . I'm sorry sir , but we are fully booked tonight until eight . In that case , eight o'clock is fine .
Certainly sir , For which day and time please ? Tonight at seven . I'm sorry sir , but we are fully booked tonight until eight . In that case , eight o'clock is fine . Very well , and how many people will attend tonight ?
Tonight at seven . I'm sorry sir , but we are fully booked tonight until eight . In that case , eight o'clock is fine . Very well , and how many people will attend tonight ? Four people .
I'm sorry sir , but we are fully booked tonight until eight . In that case , eight o'clock is fine . Very well , and how many people will attend tonight ? Four people . Lastly , may I please know what name I should make the reservation under ?
Mom , where are you going ? I am going to buy some food to cook for supper . Good . I wanna come with you . How strange ! Our little emperor now asks to help out with shopping . We learnt about vegetables and meat at school . But I never see the real thing .
I am going to buy some food to cook for supper . Good . I wanna come with you . How strange ! Our little emperor now asks to help out with shopping . We learnt about vegetables and meat at school . But I never see the real thing . Wow , that's something new . Let's go ! What's this , honey ?
Good . I wanna come with you . How strange ! Our little emperor now asks to help out with shopping . We learnt about vegetables and meat at school . But I never see the real thing . Wow , that's something new . Let's go ! What's this , honey ? Er , is it cabbage ?
How strange ! Our little emperor now asks to help out with shopping . We learnt about vegetables and meat at school . But I never see the real thing . Wow , that's something new . Let's go ! What's this , honey ? Er , is it cabbage ? Cabbage ? Is that what they teach at school now ? OK , honey , it's spinage .
We learnt about vegetables and meat at school . But I never see the real thing . Wow , that's something new . Let's go ! What's this , honey ? Er , is it cabbage ? Cabbage ? Is that what they teach at school now ? OK , honey , it's spinage . Yeah , I know , this is Popeye's favorite food .
Wow , that's something new . Let's go ! What's this , honey ? Er , is it cabbage ? Cabbage ? Is that what they teach at school now ? OK , honey , it's spinage . Yeah , I know , this is Popeye's favorite food . There we go .
Er , is it cabbage ? Cabbage ? Is that what they teach at school now ? OK , honey , it's spinage . Yeah , I know , this is Popeye's favorite food . There we go . Mom , come here . I know this , it is carrot , am I right ?
It says here that you graduated from Beijing Normal University with a major in English Language and Literature . Right . Then you may think that I am not fit for this job according to my educational background . Yes . But I want to be a tour guide very much because I like traveling and meeting various kinds of people . So I took an evening course at the Tourism School of Beijing after graduation and I have gotten a qualification certificate . So you must be an extravert ?
Right . Then you may think that I am not fit for this job according to my educational background . Yes . But I want to be a tour guide very much because I like traveling and meeting various kinds of people . So I took an evening course at the Tourism School of Beijing after graduation and I have gotten a qualification certificate . So you must be an extravert ? Yes , I always enjoy being with a group of people and chatting with them .
Yes . But I want to be a tour guide very much because I like traveling and meeting various kinds of people . So I took an evening course at the Tourism School of Beijing after graduation and I have gotten a qualification certificate . So you must be an extravert ? Yes , I always enjoy being with a group of people and chatting with them . What do you think are the responsibilities of a tourist guide ?
But I want to be a tour guide very much because I like traveling and meeting various kinds of people . So I took an evening course at the Tourism School of Beijing after graduation and I have gotten a qualification certificate . So you must be an extravert ? Yes , I always enjoy being with a group of people and chatting with them . What do you think are the responsibilities of a tourist guide ? A tourist guide must be responsible for arranging and coordinating tour activities , and offering service of transportation , accommodation , sightseeing , shopping and entertainment .
So you must be an extravert ? Yes , I always enjoy being with a group of people and chatting with them . What do you think are the responsibilities of a tourist guide ? A tourist guide must be responsible for arranging and coordinating tour activities , and offering service of transportation , accommodation , sightseeing , shopping and entertainment . Don't you consider it a hard work ?
Yes , I always enjoy being with a group of people and chatting with them . What do you think are the responsibilities of a tourist guide ? A tourist guide must be responsible for arranging and coordinating tour activities , and offering service of transportation , accommodation , sightseeing , shopping and entertainment . Don't you consider it a hard work ? Hard but interesting , I think .
What do you think are the responsibilities of a tourist guide ? A tourist guide must be responsible for arranging and coordinating tour activities , and offering service of transportation , accommodation , sightseeing , shopping and entertainment . Don't you consider it a hard work ? Hard but interesting , I think . Have you any experience as a tourist guide ?
A tourist guide must be responsible for arranging and coordinating tour activities , and offering service of transportation , accommodation , sightseeing , shopping and entertainment . Don't you consider it a hard work ? Hard but interesting , I think . Have you any experience as a tourist guide ? Yes , I usually guided foreign tourists around Beijing when I was in University .
Don't you consider it a hard work ? Hard but interesting , I think . Have you any experience as a tourist guide ? Yes , I usually guided foreign tourists around Beijing when I was in University . Have you ever learned any other foreign languages other than English ?
I need a pan . Okay . Do you have a particular size in mind ? Well , the bigger the better , I think . Look at this one . It's our biggest pan . Yes , that is big enough , but it's too heavy for me .
Okay . Do you have a particular size in mind ? Well , the bigger the better , I think . Look at this one . It's our biggest pan . Yes , that is big enough , but it's too heavy for me . Okay , we have the same thing in aluminum .
Well , the bigger the better , I think . Look at this one . It's our biggest pan . Yes , that is big enough , but it's too heavy for me . Okay , we have the same thing in aluminum . Oh , this is nice and light . But it has an aluminum handle .
Look at this one . It's our biggest pan . Yes , that is big enough , but it's too heavy for me . Okay , we have the same thing in aluminum . Oh , this is nice and light . But it has an aluminum handle . Try this one . Same aluminum pan , but with a heat-resistant bamboo handle .
Yes , that is big enough , but it's too heavy for me . Okay , we have the same thing in aluminum . Oh , this is nice and light . But it has an aluminum handle . Try this one . Same aluminum pan , but with a heat-resistant bamboo handle . Oh , yes . This is very nice . I'll take this one .
Okay , we have the same thing in aluminum . Oh , this is nice and light . But it has an aluminum handle . Try this one . Same aluminum pan , but with a heat-resistant bamboo handle . Oh , yes . This is very nice . I'll take this one . That's a good choice . How do you want to pay for it ?
Oh , this is nice and light . But it has an aluminum handle . Try this one . Same aluminum pan , but with a heat-resistant bamboo handle . Oh , yes . This is very nice . I'll take this one . That's a good choice . How do you want to pay for it ? Cash . Oh , I almost forgot . I need a lid , too .
Welcome to IBA Bank , how can we be of service ? I spoke to a girl named Claire on the phone ; it's about losing my card and everything . What I need you to do first is fill in these forms , with as much detail as possible . Then we can get you a new card . So , I can get my new card today ? I'm sorry , Sir , the full procedure can take up to 7 days to process everything .
I spoke to a girl named Claire on the phone ; it's about losing my card and everything . What I need you to do first is fill in these forms , with as much detail as possible . Then we can get you a new card . So , I can get my new card today ? I'm sorry , Sir , the full procedure can take up to 7 days to process everything . 7 days ! What am I supposed to do for money until then ?
Excuse me , Miss . What can I do for you ? I've just heard an announcement that my flight has been delayed . What's your flight number ? Flight CA216 to Chengdu .
What can I do for you ? I've just heard an announcement that my flight has been delayed . What's your flight number ? Flight CA216 to Chengdu . Yes , it's true . It has been delayed .
I've just heard an announcement that my flight has been delayed . What's your flight number ? Flight CA216 to Chengdu . Yes , it's true . It has been delayed . Could you please tell me why ?
What's your flight number ? Flight CA216 to Chengdu . Yes , it's true . It has been delayed . Could you please tell me why ? Yes , of course . The delay is due to heavy rain .
Flight CA216 to Chengdu . Yes , it's true . It has been delayed . Could you please tell me why ? Yes , of course . The delay is due to heavy rain . How long will the delay be ? Do you have any further information about it ?
Yes , it's true . It has been delayed . Could you please tell me why ? Yes , of course . The delay is due to heavy rain . How long will the delay be ? Do you have any further information about it ? I am sorry , we don't know the extent of the delay at present . But according to the latest weather forecast , there will be a change in weather soon .
Could you please tell me why ? Yes , of course . The delay is due to heavy rain . How long will the delay be ? Do you have any further information about it ? I am sorry , we don't know the extent of the delay at present . But according to the latest weather forecast , there will be a change in weather soon . We have to wait . Well , is it possible for the rain to stop before noon ?
Yes , of course . The delay is due to heavy rain . How long will the delay be ? Do you have any further information about it ? I am sorry , we don't know the extent of the delay at present . But according to the latest weather forecast , there will be a change in weather soon . We have to wait . Well , is it possible for the rain to stop before noon ? It's hard to say . Weather is so changeable in the summer . Please listen to the latest announcement about your flight .
How long will the delay be ? Do you have any further information about it ? I am sorry , we don't know the extent of the delay at present . But according to the latest weather forecast , there will be a change in weather soon . We have to wait . Well , is it possible for the rain to stop before noon ? It's hard to say . Weather is so changeable in the summer . Please listen to the latest announcement about your flight . Yes , I will . Thanks a lot . Bye !
I take care of the letters . I may read , sort out and organize incoming mails . So you have to open all the envelopes . Yes , except the personal mail . And I also need to prepare the materials for posting and check the e-mail box regularly . Do you need to file copies of the letters before sending them ? Yes , and I check all the e-mails for Mr . Thomas .
So you have to open all the envelopes . Yes , except the personal mail . And I also need to prepare the materials for posting and check the e-mail box regularly . Do you need to file copies of the letters before sending them ? Yes , and I check all the e-mails for Mr . Thomas . I take care of the letters . I may read , sort out and organize incoming mails .
Yes , except the personal mail . And I also need to prepare the materials for posting and check the e-mail box regularly . Do you need to file copies of the letters before sending them ? Yes , and I check all the e-mails for Mr . Thomas . I take care of the letters . I may read , sort out and organize incoming mails . So you have to open all the envelopes .
Do you need to file copies of the letters before sending them ? Yes , and I check all the e-mails for Mr . Thomas . I take care of the letters . I may read , sort out and organize incoming mails . So you have to open all the envelopes . Yes , except the personal mail . And I also need to prepare the materials for posting and check the e-mail box regularly .
Yes , and I check all the e-mails for Mr . Thomas . I take care of the letters . I may read , sort out and organize incoming mails . So you have to open all the envelopes . Yes , except the personal mail . And I also need to prepare the materials for posting and check the e-mail box regularly . Do you need to file copies of the letters before sending them ?
OK , Allen . It's your turn . Are you ready ? I really would rather just listen . Isn't there anyone else who wants to sing ? Come on ! In the two hours we've been here you haven't sung even one song ! I know , but ... Hey , Stanley's here ! I've been wanting to hear him sing all night . Well , you asked for it . Why don't you put on an Elvis song for him . He loves " The King . "
do you like animals ? yes , doesn't everyone ? what's your favorite animal ? it's hard to say . While dogs are more affectionate , cats are much easier to take care of . have you ever had a dog ?
yes , doesn't everyone ? what's your favorite animal ? it's hard to say . While dogs are more affectionate , cats are much easier to take care of . have you ever had a dog ? when I was little , we had a few domestic dogs at home .
what's your favorite animal ? it's hard to say . While dogs are more affectionate , cats are much easier to take care of . have you ever had a dog ? when I was little , we had a few domestic dogs at home . they always say that dogs are a man's best friends . do you think that's true ?
it's hard to say . While dogs are more affectionate , cats are much easier to take care of . have you ever had a dog ? when I was little , we had a few domestic dogs at home . they always say that dogs are a man's best friends . do you think that's true ? definitely . rich or poor , dogs always love their masters .
have you ever had a dog ? when I was little , we had a few domestic dogs at home . they always say that dogs are a man's best friends . do you think that's true ? definitely . rich or poor , dogs always love their masters . how about cats ? Have you ever had one for a pet ?
when I was little , we had a few domestic dogs at home . they always say that dogs are a man's best friends . do you think that's true ? definitely . rich or poor , dogs always love their masters . how about cats ? Have you ever had one for a pet ? i had one a few months ago , but she ended up running away .
they always say that dogs are a man's best friends . do you think that's true ? definitely . rich or poor , dogs always love their masters . how about cats ? Have you ever had one for a pet ? i had one a few months ago , but she ended up running away . how did that happen ?
definitely . rich or poor , dogs always love their masters . how about cats ? Have you ever had one for a pet ? i had one a few months ago , but she ended up running away . how did that happen ? she left through a window that was open one night and never returned .
how about cats ? Have you ever had one for a pet ? i had one a few months ago , but she ended up running away . how did that happen ? she left through a window that was open one night and never returned . you must have been devastated !
i had one a few months ago , but she ended up running away . how did that happen ? she left through a window that was open one night and never returned . you must have been devastated ! i was pretty sad . i still hope that she'll return some day !
how did that happen ? she left through a window that was open one night and never returned . you must have been devastated ! i was pretty sad . i still hope that she'll return some day ! I hope she does . Do you think you'll ever get another pet ?
she left through a window that was open one night and never returned . you must have been devastated ! i was pretty sad . i still hope that she'll return some day ! I hope she does . Do you think you'll ever get another pet ? I think I will . It's difficult to feel longly when you have a pet around .
you must have been devastated ! i was pretty sad . i still hope that she'll return some day ! I hope she does . Do you think you'll ever get another pet ? I think I will . It's difficult to feel longly when you have a pet around . i hope your cat finds its way back home .
Excuse me , I ' Ve been waiting my main dish for quite a time . Yes sir , just a minute , please . I ' ll check with the kitchen . Thank you for waiting . It takes another 10 to 15 minutes , I ' m afraid . I have an appointment in half an hour . I see . Do you have anything else I can have instead ?
Yes sir , just a minute , please . I ' ll check with the kitchen . Thank you for waiting . It takes another 10 to 15 minutes , I ' m afraid . I have an appointment in half an hour . I see . Do you have anything else I can have instead ? Well sir , yes . How about this stew ? We can serve you at once .
Anything else ? Yes , one last thing . How much holiday time do you give your employees every year ? Our employees receive fifteen days of paid vacation every year . If you don ' t use the full fifteen days , they carry over to the following year . How about sick days ? You get five paid sick days .
Yes , one last thing . How much holiday time do you give your employees every year ? Our employees receive fifteen days of paid vacation every year . If you don ' t use the full fifteen days , they carry over to the following year . How about sick days ? You get five paid sick days . Any other benefits ?
Our employees receive fifteen days of paid vacation every year . If you don ' t use the full fifteen days , they carry over to the following year . How about sick days ? You get five paid sick days . Any other benefits ? Yes , we have an excellent retirement plan and medical insurance as well .
How about sick days ? You get five paid sick days . Any other benefits ? Yes , we have an excellent retirement plan and medical insurance as well . Great . Thanks so much for your time .
Doctor , I feel much better now . Will I be albe to go home some time this week ? That's good to hear . You've had an ideal recovery from your operation . We're going to send you home tomorrow . Do you think I can get back to work very soon ? Don't be in such a hurry . I'm confident that you'll be completely recovered in 4 to 6 weeks . Is there anything I should do ?
That's good to hear . You've had an ideal recovery from your operation . We're going to send you home tomorrow . Do you think I can get back to work very soon ? Don't be in such a hurry . I'm confident that you'll be completely recovered in 4 to 6 weeks . Is there anything I should do ? You'd better have a good rest for a week . Be sure to have regular meals . Stay away from alcohol . Give up smoking at least a little while .
Do you think I can get back to work very soon ? Don't be in such a hurry . I'm confident that you'll be completely recovered in 4 to 6 weeks . Is there anything I should do ? You'd better have a good rest for a week . Be sure to have regular meals . Stay away from alcohol . Give up smoking at least a little while . Should I take some medicine ?
Don't be in such a hurry . I'm confident that you'll be completely recovered in 4 to 6 weeks . Is there anything I should do ? You'd better have a good rest for a week . Be sure to have regular meals . Stay away from alcohol . Give up smoking at least a little while . Should I take some medicine ? Yes . I'm going to give you some . Take one tablet of this medicine three times a day before meals . For that one , two tablets . And remember to come to the out patient department for a consultation in two weeks , please .
Is there anything I should do ? You'd better have a good rest for a week . Be sure to have regular meals . Stay away from alcohol . Give up smoking at least a little while . Should I take some medicine ? Yes . I'm going to give you some . Take one tablet of this medicine three times a day before meals . For that one , two tablets . And remember to come to the out patient department for a consultation in two weeks , please . It's very kind of you .
What do we need to get from the supermarket ? We need lots of things . I ' ll make a list . We need a bag of sugar , a loaf of bread and a crate of beer . A crate of beer ? Why do we need that ? Just joking . I would like to get a few bottles of beer though . We also need a liter of cooking oil . we can buy a three-liter bottle . It works out cheaper per liter . We should buy a packet of butter and a few pints of milk too .
We need lots of things . I ' ll make a list . We need a bag of sugar , a loaf of bread and a crate of beer . A crate of beer ? Why do we need that ? Just joking . I would like to get a few bottles of beer though . We also need a liter of cooking oil . we can buy a three-liter bottle . It works out cheaper per liter . We should buy a packet of butter and a few pints of milk too . I ' d like to get a jar of strawberry jam and a bottle of tomato ketchup . Do we need any meat ?
A crate of beer ? Why do we need that ? Just joking . I would like to get a few bottles of beer though . We also need a liter of cooking oil . we can buy a three-liter bottle . It works out cheaper per liter . We should buy a packet of butter and a few pints of milk too . I ' d like to get a jar of strawberry jam and a bottle of tomato ketchup . Do we need any meat ? I think we should get half a kilo of minced beef and a few pork chops .
Just joking . I would like to get a few bottles of beer though . We also need a liter of cooking oil . we can buy a three-liter bottle . It works out cheaper per liter . We should buy a packet of butter and a few pints of milk too . I ' d like to get a jar of strawberry jam and a bottle of tomato ketchup . Do we need any meat ? I think we should get half a kilo of minced beef and a few pork chops . Ok . Let ' s not forget fruit and vegetables . We need a bunch of bananas , a kilo of tomatoes and a bag of potatoes .
we can buy a three-liter bottle . It works out cheaper per liter . We should buy a packet of butter and a few pints of milk too . I ' d like to get a jar of strawberry jam and a bottle of tomato ketchup . Do we need any meat ? I think we should get half a kilo of minced beef and a few pork chops . Ok . Let ' s not forget fruit and vegetables . We need a bunch of bananas , a kilo of tomatoes and a bag of potatoes . We should also get a tube of toothpaste and a bar of soap . Let ' s get a tub of ice cream too . We can treat ourselves .
I ' d like to get a jar of strawberry jam and a bottle of tomato ketchup . Do we need any meat ? I think we should get half a kilo of minced beef and a few pork chops . Ok . Let ' s not forget fruit and vegetables . We need a bunch of bananas , a kilo of tomatoes and a bag of potatoes . We should also get a tube of toothpaste and a bar of soap . Let ' s get a tub of ice cream too . We can treat ourselves . Ok . We should get a few tins of tuna . Anything else ?
I think we should get half a kilo of minced beef and a few pork chops . Ok . Let ' s not forget fruit and vegetables . We need a bunch of bananas , a kilo of tomatoes and a bag of potatoes . We should also get a tube of toothpaste and a bar of soap . Let ' s get a tub of ice cream too . We can treat ourselves . Ok . We should get a few tins of tuna . Anything else ? I ' d like a few cans of coke . We also need a dozen eggs and half a dozen sausages .
Ok . Let ' s not forget fruit and vegetables . We need a bunch of bananas , a kilo of tomatoes and a bag of potatoes . We should also get a tube of toothpaste and a bar of soap . Let ' s get a tub of ice cream too . We can treat ourselves . Ok . We should get a few tins of tuna . Anything else ? I ' d like a few cans of coke . We also need a dozen eggs and half a dozen sausages . let ' s get a chunk of cheese too . Is that everything .
Well , I'm glad you're finally back . I was wondering what happened . I feel kind of stupid . Why ? We got lost coming back . I guess I don't really know this town yet . You got lost . You're kidding !
I feel kind of stupid . Why ? We got lost coming back . I guess I don't really know this town yet . You got lost . You're kidding ! No . We took a wrong turn somewhere . And Joseph doesn't know the town at all . So I started giving him directions . But I didn't really know where we were . So we got seriously lost .
Why ? We got lost coming back . I guess I don't really know this town yet . You got lost . You're kidding ! No . We took a wrong turn somewhere . And Joseph doesn't know the town at all . So I started giving him directions . But I didn't really know where we were . So we got seriously lost . You could have called .
We got lost coming back . I guess I don't really know this town yet . You got lost . You're kidding ! No . We took a wrong turn somewhere . And Joseph doesn't know the town at all . So I started giving him directions . But I didn't really know where we were . So we got seriously lost . You could have called . I know I could have . But finally we asked someone where we were .
You got lost . You're kidding ! No . We took a wrong turn somewhere . And Joseph doesn't know the town at all . So I started giving him directions . But I didn't really know where we were . So we got seriously lost . You could have called . I know I could have . But finally we asked someone where we were . You've been gone for two hours . How could you get lost for so long ?
No . We took a wrong turn somewhere . And Joseph doesn't know the town at all . So I started giving him directions . But I didn't really know where we were . So we got seriously lost . You could have called . I know I could have . But finally we asked someone where we were . You've been gone for two hours . How could you get lost for so long ? Guess where we ended up .
You could have called . I know I could have . But finally we asked someone where we were . You've been gone for two hours . How could you get lost for so long ? Guess where we ended up . I don't know . Where ?
I know I could have . But finally we asked someone where we were . You've been gone for two hours . How could you get lost for so long ? Guess where we ended up . I don't know . Where ? When we finally decided to ask someone , they told us we were in Grangerfield .
You've been gone for two hours . How could you get lost for so long ? Guess where we ended up . I don't know . Where ? When we finally decided to ask someone , they told us we were in Grangerfield . Grangerfield ! You were in Grangerfield ? That's a completely different town ! How could you drive to a completely different town ?
Guess where we ended up . I don't know . Where ? When we finally decided to ask someone , they told us we were in Grangerfield . Grangerfield ! You were in Grangerfield ? That's a completely different town ! How could you drive to a completely different town ? I don't know . The person we asked had to give us directions to the highway to get back here .
I don't know . Where ? When we finally decided to ask someone , they told us we were in Grangerfield . Grangerfield ! You were in Grangerfield ? That's a completely different town ! How could you drive to a completely different town ? I don't know . The person we asked had to give us directions to the highway to get back here . Grangerfield is like a dozen miles away from here .
When we finally decided to ask someone , they told us we were in Grangerfield . Grangerfield ! You were in Grangerfield ? That's a completely different town ! How could you drive to a completely different town ? I don't know . The person we asked had to give us directions to the highway to get back here . Grangerfield is like a dozen miles away from here . I know it is . I don't know how it happened .
Grangerfield ! You were in Grangerfield ? That's a completely different town ! How could you drive to a completely different town ? I don't know . The person we asked had to give us directions to the highway to get back here . Grangerfield is like a dozen miles away from here . I know it is . I don't know how it happened . Hmm , maybe I do .
I don't know . The person we asked had to give us directions to the highway to get back here . Grangerfield is like a dozen miles away from here . I know it is . I don't know how it happened . Hmm , maybe I do . What ?
Grangerfield is like a dozen miles away from here . I know it is . I don't know how it happened . Hmm , maybe I do . What ? Maybe I have an idea how it happened .
I know it is . I don't know how it happened . Hmm , maybe I do . What ? Maybe I have an idea how it happened . How ?
Hmm , maybe I do . What ? Maybe I have an idea how it happened . How ? You were too busy looking at Joseph , and you weren't paying attention to the road .
What do you think of our price ? Your price has gone up sharply , hasn't it ? Yes . We regret we cannot maintain our original price . Since the prices of the raw materials have been raised , we have to adjust the price of our products accordingly . I agree with you there , but your price is unreasonable . I don't think so . You must compare our price with that of other export houses . I'm sure our offer is in line with the prevailing market price level .
Your price has gone up sharply , hasn't it ? Yes . We regret we cannot maintain our original price . Since the prices of the raw materials have been raised , we have to adjust the price of our products accordingly . I agree with you there , but your price is unreasonable . I don't think so . You must compare our price with that of other export houses . I'm sure our offer is in line with the prevailing market price level . I don't think we'll be able to pay the price . To have this business concluded , you need to lower your price at least by 3 % .
Yes . We regret we cannot maintain our original price . Since the prices of the raw materials have been raised , we have to adjust the price of our products accordingly . I agree with you there , but your price is unreasonable . I don't think so . You must compare our price with that of other export houses . I'm sure our offer is in line with the prevailing market price level . I don't think we'll be able to pay the price . To have this business concluded , you need to lower your price at least by 3 % . I ' m afraid that there is no room for any reduction in price .
I agree with you there , but your price is unreasonable . I don't think so . You must compare our price with that of other export houses . I'm sure our offer is in line with the prevailing market price level . I don't think we'll be able to pay the price . To have this business concluded , you need to lower your price at least by 3 % . I ' m afraid that there is no room for any reduction in price . Don't you agree with me that in the long run , moderate prices will bring about large sales and more profit ?
I don't think so . You must compare our price with that of other export houses . I'm sure our offer is in line with the prevailing market price level . I don't think we'll be able to pay the price . To have this business concluded , you need to lower your price at least by 3 % . I ' m afraid that there is no room for any reduction in price . Don't you agree with me that in the long run , moderate prices will bring about large sales and more profit ? We've already cut down our price to cost level .
I don't think we'll be able to pay the price . To have this business concluded , you need to lower your price at least by 3 % . I ' m afraid that there is no room for any reduction in price . Don't you agree with me that in the long run , moderate prices will bring about large sales and more profit ? We've already cut down our price to cost level . Is that all ?
I ' m afraid that there is no room for any reduction in price . Don't you agree with me that in the long run , moderate prices will bring about large sales and more profit ? We've already cut down our price to cost level . Is that all ? Yes , this is the best we can do .
Hello , this is the International Youth Hotel . How can I help you ? oh , yes . I want to check whether you still have any vacancies . I need three single rooms for next Monday . ok . There're vacancies . Since the peak season is coming , it's advisable to book soon . Would you like to make a reservation now ? yes , please . Do you take credit cards ? yes , we accept all major credit cards .
oh , yes . I want to check whether you still have any vacancies . I need three single rooms for next Monday . ok . There're vacancies . Since the peak season is coming , it's advisable to book soon . Would you like to make a reservation now ? yes , please . Do you take credit cards ? yes , we accept all major credit cards . and how about Internet access ?
ok . There're vacancies . Since the peak season is coming , it's advisable to book soon . Would you like to make a reservation now ? yes , please . Do you take credit cards ? yes , we accept all major credit cards . and how about Internet access ? there's free Internet access in the lobby .
yes , please . Do you take credit cards ? yes , we accept all major credit cards . and how about Internet access ? there's free Internet access in the lobby . is it available in the rooms ?
yes , we accept all major credit cards . and how about Internet access ? there's free Internet access in the lobby . is it available in the rooms ? Unfortunately not .
and how about Internet access ? there's free Internet access in the lobby . is it available in the rooms ? Unfortunately not . that's OK . Is breakfast included ?
there's free Internet access in the lobby . is it available in the rooms ? Unfortunately not . that's OK . Is breakfast included ? yes , breakfast is included and parking is available .
is it available in the rooms ? Unfortunately not . that's OK . Is breakfast included ? yes , breakfast is included and parking is available . fantastic . Thank you very much .
You have the right to remain silent . Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law . You have the right to have an attorney present during questioning . If you cannot afford an attorney , one will be appointed for you . Do you understand ? Yes . What's your name ? My name is James . What's your nationality ?
Yes . What's your name ? My name is James . What's your nationality ? American .
What's your name ? My name is James . What's your nationality ? American . What's your relationship with the victim ?
My name is James . What's your nationality ? American . What's your relationship with the victim ? I don't know him .
What's your nationality ? American . What's your relationship with the victim ? I don't know him . Why did you attack the victim ?
American . What's your relationship with the victim ? I don't know him . Why did you attack the victim ? Because he beat me first when I tried to stop him from grabbing my bag and running away .
What's your relationship with the victim ? I don't know him . Why did you attack the victim ? Because he beat me first when I tried to stop him from grabbing my bag and running away . How many times did you stab the victim ?
I don't know him . Why did you attack the victim ? Because he beat me first when I tried to stop him from grabbing my bag and running away . How many times did you stab the victim ? I stabbed his belly three times .
Why did you attack the victim ? Because he beat me first when I tried to stop him from grabbing my bag and running away . How many times did you stab the victim ? I stabbed his belly three times . Did you know hat your actions might cause serous injuries or death ?
Because he beat me first when I tried to stop him from grabbing my bag and running away . How many times did you stab the victim ? I stabbed his belly three times . Did you know hat your actions might cause serous injuries or death ? I knew , but I couldn't control myself .
How many times did you stab the victim ? I stabbed his belly three times . Did you know hat your actions might cause serous injuries or death ? I knew , but I couldn't control myself . Was it your intention to kill the victim ?
I stabbed his belly three times . Did you know hat your actions might cause serous injuries or death ? I knew , but I couldn't control myself . Was it your intention to kill the victim ? No . I didn't kill him on purpose , madam . It's him who caused the incident . I need to see my attorney .
Ahhchooo ! You've been sneezing a lot lately . Are you sick or something ? No . Every spring time around April , I'm stricken with allergies . I never have seasonal allergies . Consider yourself lucky .
You've been sneezing a lot lately . Are you sick or something ? No . Every spring time around April , I'm stricken with allergies . I never have seasonal allergies . Consider yourself lucky . What are all the symptoms ?
No . Every spring time around April , I'm stricken with allergies . I never have seasonal allergies . Consider yourself lucky . What are all the symptoms ? Well , as you just saw , I sneeze a lot . Also , my nose becomes very runny , my throat sometimes itches , and my eyes start to water .
I never have seasonal allergies . Consider yourself lucky . What are all the symptoms ? Well , as you just saw , I sneeze a lot . Also , my nose becomes very runny , my throat sometimes itches , and my eyes start to water . That doesn't sound good .
Consider yourself lucky . What are all the symptoms ? Well , as you just saw , I sneeze a lot . Also , my nose becomes very runny , my throat sometimes itches , and my eyes start to water . That doesn't sound good . No , it's not . So you don't have any type of allergies ?
What are all the symptoms ? Well , as you just saw , I sneeze a lot . Also , my nose becomes very runny , my throat sometimes itches , and my eyes start to water . That doesn't sound good . No , it's not . So you don't have any type of allergies ? Well , I have a severe allergic reaction to alcohol . It runs in the family .
Well , as you just saw , I sneeze a lot . Also , my nose becomes very runny , my throat sometimes itches , and my eyes start to water . That doesn't sound good . No , it's not . So you don't have any type of allergies ? Well , I have a severe allergic reaction to alcohol . It runs in the family . Everyone to some extent is allergic to alcohol .
That doesn't sound good . No , it's not . So you don't have any type of allergies ? Well , I have a severe allergic reaction to alcohol . It runs in the family . Everyone to some extent is allergic to alcohol . I get it pretty bad . My whole face turns red , including my ears . My eyes become bloodshot , and I start to itch all over my body .
No , it's not . So you don't have any type of allergies ? Well , I have a severe allergic reaction to alcohol . It runs in the family . Everyone to some extent is allergic to alcohol . I get it pretty bad . My whole face turns red , including my ears . My eyes become bloodshot , and I start to itch all over my body . That's pretty bad .
Hello , this is ABC Corporation . May I help you ? Yes , I ' m enquiring about your advertisement for a sales manager in today ' s newspaper . Is this position still open ? Yes , but do you have any experiences as a sales manager ? Yes , I have a lot of previous experiences in sales . I worked in sales departments for two companies since I finished my university . That sounds fine . Please give me your name and phone numbers . I ' ll set up an appointment for an interview for you . It will most likely be in a couple of days . Is it all right for you ?
Yes , I ' m enquiring about your advertisement for a sales manager in today ' s newspaper . Is this position still open ? Yes , but do you have any experiences as a sales manager ? Yes , I have a lot of previous experiences in sales . I worked in sales departments for two companies since I finished my university . That sounds fine . Please give me your name and phone numbers . I ' ll set up an appointment for an interview for you . It will most likely be in a couple of days . Is it all right for you ? Yes , my name is Brian and my phone number is 5294870 .
So , Casey , how are things going with the photos for the press kit ? Yeah , I ' Ve been meaning to talk to you about that . I might need to ask for an extension on that deadline . You ' Ve had over a month to get this finalized ! Why are things delayed ? Well , the thing is , we ran into a lot of problems . . . I ' m not looking for excuses here . I just want to get this finished on time !
Yeah , I ' Ve been meaning to talk to you about that . I might need to ask for an extension on that deadline . You ' Ve had over a month to get this finalized ! Why are things delayed ? Well , the thing is , we ran into a lot of problems . . . I ' m not looking for excuses here . I just want to get this finished on time ! I know , and I apologize for the delay . But some things were just beyond my control . I had trouble booking the photographer , and then Michael was sick for three weeks , so I couldn ' t include him in the photos , and the design team lost all the files , so I had to re-do the pictures .
After I am accepted for unemployment benefits , what will happen next ? You will receive a Notice of Unemployment Insurance Award letter . What will that tell me ? The Award Letter will tell you how much you will receive weekly . Are there any other forms that I need to fill out ?
You will receive a Notice of Unemployment Insurance Award letter . What will that tell me ? The Award Letter will tell you how much you will receive weekly . Are there any other forms that I need to fill out ? You will need to fill out a Continued Claim Form every two weeks .
What will that tell me ? The Award Letter will tell you how much you will receive weekly . Are there any other forms that I need to fill out ? You will need to fill out a Continued Claim Form every two weeks . What information will I need to provide on that form ?
The Award Letter will tell you how much you will receive weekly . Are there any other forms that I need to fill out ? You will need to fill out a Continued Claim Form every two weeks . What information will I need to provide on that form ? They will need to know where you worked and how much money you made .
Are there any other forms that I need to fill out ? You will need to fill out a Continued Claim Form every two weeks . What information will I need to provide on that form ? They will need to know where you worked and how much money you made . Are there any other questions on the form ?
What's the side dish that you're making for dinner ? I'm not sure . I was thinking of making a vegetable . What kind of vegetable are you thinking about making ? Do you know what kind of vegetable you want to eat ? Why don't you make some corn ?
I'm not sure . I was thinking of making a vegetable . What kind of vegetable are you thinking about making ? Do you know what kind of vegetable you want to eat ? Why don't you make some corn ? How would you like the corn ?
What kind of vegetable are you thinking about making ? Do you know what kind of vegetable you want to eat ? Why don't you make some corn ? How would you like the corn ? I don't understand what you mean .
Do you know what kind of vegetable you want to eat ? Why don't you make some corn ? How would you like the corn ? I don't understand what you mean . Do you want it boiled , grilled , or microwaved ?
Why don't you make some corn ? How would you like the corn ? I don't understand what you mean . Do you want it boiled , grilled , or microwaved ? Why don't you grill it ?
How would you like the corn ? I don't understand what you mean . Do you want it boiled , grilled , or microwaved ? Why don't you grill it ? That's how you want it ?
I don't understand what you mean . Do you want it boiled , grilled , or microwaved ? Why don't you grill it ? That's how you want it ? Yeah , that sounds delicious .
what shall we do after the volleyball match ? how about going to the Olympic souvenir store to have a look ? I remember there is one in the gym . that's a good idea . I was thinking of buying some gifts for my family . me , too . What did you have in mind ? I haven't decided yet , but I think the Olympic Mascots are a must .
how about going to the Olympic souvenir store to have a look ? I remember there is one in the gym . that's a good idea . I was thinking of buying some gifts for my family . me , too . What did you have in mind ? I haven't decided yet , but I think the Olympic Mascots are a must . I agree . They're very lovely , especially " Huan Huan " .
that's a good idea . I was thinking of buying some gifts for my family . me , too . What did you have in mind ? I haven't decided yet , but I think the Olympic Mascots are a must . I agree . They're very lovely , especially " Huan Huan " . is that the red one ? That is my favorite , too . Do you know how much they are ?
me , too . What did you have in mind ? I haven't decided yet , but I think the Olympic Mascots are a must . I agree . They're very lovely , especially " Huan Huan " . is that the red one ? That is my favorite , too . Do you know how much they are ? the five dolls are sold together as a set , and they're priced according to the size . The bigger they are the more expensive .
I haven't decided yet , but I think the Olympic Mascots are a must . I agree . They're very lovely , especially " Huan Huan " . is that the red one ? That is my favorite , too . Do you know how much they are ? the five dolls are sold together as a set , and they're priced according to the size . The bigger they are the more expensive . oh , I see . If I buy more than a set , can I get any discount ?
I agree . They're very lovely , especially " Huan Huan " . is that the red one ? That is my favorite , too . Do you know how much they are ? the five dolls are sold together as a set , and they're priced according to the size . The bigger they are the more expensive . oh , I see . If I buy more than a set , can I get any discount ? I don't think so . All the souvenirs of the Olympic Games are very hot right now .
is that the red one ? That is my favorite , too . Do you know how much they are ? the five dolls are sold together as a set , and they're priced according to the size . The bigger they are the more expensive . oh , I see . If I buy more than a set , can I get any discount ? I don't think so . All the souvenirs of the Olympic Games are very hot right now . any other ideas ?
the five dolls are sold together as a set , and they're priced according to the size . The bigger they are the more expensive . oh , I see . If I buy more than a set , can I get any discount ? I don't think so . All the souvenirs of the Olympic Games are very hot right now . any other ideas ? there are lots of things , such as postcards , key chains , posters and various arts and crafts .
Hi , I want to check out . Here is my room key . One second , sir , while I print out your receipt . Here you are . Thanks . May I ask , sir , if you enjoyed your stay ? Well , except for one night , I enjoyed the hotel . And I loved New York , of course .
Excuse me . What's the actual flight time from here to San Francisco ? It's about twelve hours . Can you tell me what time we're arriving ? Sure . Let me see ... at 6:15 a . m . local time . I see .
Could you tell me a little about the organization ? For example , how big is your workforce here ? Well in total we have around 150 employees based in Hong Kong with another 400 in our head office in Beijing . The news desk staff in Hong Kong comprises around 80 staff . I see . And how about the working hours ? Well , as you know Rebecca , in journalism work hours are not exactly nine to five . You could be on call at any time . We do have to work very unsociable hours at times . Well I am used to that , Mr . Parsons , so that ' s not really a shock for me .
Well in total we have around 150 employees based in Hong Kong with another 400 in our head office in Beijing . The news desk staff in Hong Kong comprises around 80 staff . I see . And how about the working hours ? Well , as you know Rebecca , in journalism work hours are not exactly nine to five . You could be on call at any time . We do have to work very unsociable hours at times . Well I am used to that , Mr . Parsons , so that ' s not really a shock for me . Good , as long as you understand that .
I see . And how about the working hours ? Well , as you know Rebecca , in journalism work hours are not exactly nine to five . You could be on call at any time . We do have to work very unsociable hours at times . Well I am used to that , Mr . Parsons , so that ' s not really a shock for me . Good , as long as you understand that . And when do you need to fill the vacancy , Mr . Parsons ?
Well , as you know Rebecca , in journalism work hours are not exactly nine to five . You could be on call at any time . We do have to work very unsociable hours at times . Well I am used to that , Mr . Parsons , so that ' s not really a shock for me . Good , as long as you understand that . And when do you need to fill the vacancy , Mr . Parsons ? Yesterday ! But no , we are hoping to start from the beginning of next month .
Wow , this is amazing . I'm glad we've come here . So cool . I always love skiing . You know , it's a cool game for cool people . Stay with me and you will be cool , too . Hey , look over there . It seems that there is something interesting going on . Let's go and have a look . Sure . It's probably the skiing show . Adam told me there were many skiing clubs whose members put on shows to attract more visitors . See that . It's so dangerous . My mom would never allow me to do that .
I always love skiing . You know , it's a cool game for cool people . Stay with me and you will be cool , too . Hey , look over there . It seems that there is something interesting going on . Let's go and have a look . Sure . It's probably the skiing show . Adam told me there were many skiing clubs whose members put on shows to attract more visitors . See that . It's so dangerous . My mom would never allow me to do that . Hey , don't be so pathetic . It's a maximal sports show . What else can they do to attract more visitors ? Stop all this fuss and enjoy the show .
Hey , look over there . It seems that there is something interesting going on . Let's go and have a look . Sure . It's probably the skiing show . Adam told me there were many skiing clubs whose members put on shows to attract more visitors . See that . It's so dangerous . My mom would never allow me to do that . Hey , don't be so pathetic . It's a maximal sports show . What else can they do to attract more visitors ? Stop all this fuss and enjoy the show . You are right . But what if the avalanche happened ?
Sure . It's probably the skiing show . Adam told me there were many skiing clubs whose members put on shows to attract more visitors . See that . It's so dangerous . My mom would never allow me to do that . Hey , don't be so pathetic . It's a maximal sports show . What else can they do to attract more visitors ? Stop all this fuss and enjoy the show . You are right . But what if the avalanche happened ? They are all very experienced and great skiers . So I suppose the chance for them to be buried by an avalanche is slim .
See that . It's so dangerous . My mom would never allow me to do that . Hey , don't be so pathetic . It's a maximal sports show . What else can they do to attract more visitors ? Stop all this fuss and enjoy the show . You are right . But what if the avalanche happened ? They are all very experienced and great skiers . So I suppose the chance for them to be buried by an avalanche is slim . Anyway , the show is breathtaking . By the way , where did they get so much snow in here ?
Hey , don't be so pathetic . It's a maximal sports show . What else can they do to attract more visitors ? Stop all this fuss and enjoy the show . You are right . But what if the avalanche happened ? They are all very experienced and great skiers . So I suppose the chance for them to be buried by an avalanche is slim . Anyway , the show is breathtaking . By the way , where did they get so much snow in here ? Don't you know that ? Are you kidding me ?
You are right . But what if the avalanche happened ? They are all very experienced and great skiers . So I suppose the chance for them to be buried by an avalanche is slim . Anyway , the show is breathtaking . By the way , where did they get so much snow in here ? Don't you know that ? Are you kidding me ? Hey , not everyone is as lucky as you to have a father who is a scientist .
They are all very experienced and great skiers . So I suppose the chance for them to be buried by an avalanche is slim . Anyway , the show is breathtaking . By the way , where did they get so much snow in here ? Don't you know that ? Are you kidding me ? Hey , not everyone is as lucky as you to have a father who is a scientist . Sorry . Well , they have the most advanced snowmaking machine .
Anyway , the show is breathtaking . By the way , where did they get so much snow in here ? Don't you know that ? Are you kidding me ? Hey , not everyone is as lucky as you to have a father who is a scientist . Sorry . Well , they have the most advanced snowmaking machine . Do you think the snowmaking may cause pollution ?
Don't you know that ? Are you kidding me ? Hey , not everyone is as lucky as you to have a father who is a scientist . Sorry . Well , they have the most advanced snowmaking machine . Do you think the snowmaking may cause pollution ? It's possible . But the boss here said they were doing whatever they can .
Hey , not everyone is as lucky as you to have a father who is a scientist . Sorry . Well , they have the most advanced snowmaking machine . Do you think the snowmaking may cause pollution ? It's possible . But the boss here said they were doing whatever they can . It's a good thing . OK , let's go skiing .
Sandy , can you help me contact these people ? Sure , what do you want me to tell them ? Well , I need to confirm the time of their classes . Ok , where can I find their telephone number ? They are all listed here on this sheet of paper .
Sure , what do you want me to tell them ? Well , I need to confirm the time of their classes . Ok , where can I find their telephone number ? They are all listed here on this sheet of paper . Is it their home , office or cell phone numbers ?
Well , I need to confirm the time of their classes . Ok , where can I find their telephone number ? They are all listed here on this sheet of paper . Is it their home , office or cell phone numbers ? Unless it ' s marked differently , it ' s their home numbers .
Ok , where can I find their telephone number ? They are all listed here on this sheet of paper . Is it their home , office or cell phone numbers ? Unless it ' s marked differently , it ' s their home numbers . Alright . What if I can ' t get a hold of them by phone ?
They are all listed here on this sheet of paper . Is it their home , office or cell phone numbers ? Unless it ' s marked differently , it ' s their home numbers . Alright . What if I can ' t get a hold of them by phone ? Then , you should e-mail them with the information .
Is it their home , office or cell phone numbers ? Unless it ' s marked differently , it ' s their home numbers . Alright . What if I can ' t get a hold of them by phone ? Then , you should e-mail them with the information . Where can I find their e-mail addresses ?
Unless it ' s marked differently , it ' s their home numbers . Alright . What if I can ' t get a hold of them by phone ? Then , you should e-mail them with the information . Where can I find their e-mail addresses ? They should have then listed on their resumes .
Alright . What if I can ' t get a hold of them by phone ? Then , you should e-mail them with the information . Where can I find their e-mail addresses ? They should have then listed on their resumes . And if there aren ' t any e-mail addresses ?
Then , you should e-mail them with the information . Where can I find their e-mail addresses ? They should have then listed on their resumes . And if there aren ' t any e-mail addresses ? Then send them a SMS on their cell phone .
Where can I find their e-mail addresses ? They should have then listed on their resumes . And if there aren ' t any e-mail addresses ? Then send them a SMS on their cell phone . Ok . That sounds easy enough . Have you called any of them yet ?
They should have then listed on their resumes . And if there aren ' t any e-mail addresses ? Then send them a SMS on their cell phone . Ok . That sounds easy enough . Have you called any of them yet ? Yes . I called the first three people on the list , but they didn ' t pick up .
And if there aren ' t any e-mail addresses ? Then send them a SMS on their cell phone . Ok . That sounds easy enough . Have you called any of them yet ? Yes . I called the first three people on the list , but they didn ' t pick up . Did you leave a voice message ?
Then send them a SMS on their cell phone . Ok . That sounds easy enough . Have you called any of them yet ? Yes . I called the first three people on the list , but they didn ' t pick up . Did you leave a voice message ? I left a voice message on one---just for the first person on the list .
Ok . That sounds easy enough . Have you called any of them yet ? Yes . I called the first three people on the list , but they didn ' t pick up . Did you leave a voice message ? I left a voice message on one---just for the first person on the list . I see . What did you tell her ?
Yes . I called the first three people on the list , but they didn ' t pick up . Did you leave a voice message ? I left a voice message on one---just for the first person on the list . I see . What did you tell her ? I told her that she should call me back at my office number .
Did you leave a voice message ? I left a voice message on one---just for the first person on the list . I see . What did you tell her ? I told her that she should call me back at my office number . Ok , so , maybe I should call her again .
I left a voice message on one---just for the first person on the list . I see . What did you tell her ? I told her that she should call me back at my office number . Ok , so , maybe I should call her again . Yes , that sounds like a good idea . She might not get the other message in time .
I see . What did you tell her ? I told her that she should call me back at my office number . Ok , so , maybe I should call her again . Yes , that sounds like a good idea . She might not get the other message in time . One more question . It looks like some of these numbers are long-distance . Do you have a calling card that I can use to get through to them ?
I told her that she should call me back at my office number . Ok , so , maybe I should call her again . Yes , that sounds like a good idea . She might not get the other message in time . One more question . It looks like some of these numbers are long-distance . Do you have a calling card that I can use to get through to them ? Sure . You can use this one . The pin number is written on the back of the card .
Ok , so , maybe I should call her again . Yes , that sounds like a good idea . She might not get the other message in time . One more question . It looks like some of these numbers are long-distance . Do you have a calling card that I can use to get through to them ? Sure . You can use this one . The pin number is written on the back of the card . Alright . Thanks a lot . Don ' t worry . I ' ll take care of it .
Yes , that sounds like a good idea . She might not get the other message in time . One more question . It looks like some of these numbers are long-distance . Do you have a calling card that I can use to get through to them ? Sure . You can use this one . The pin number is written on the back of the card . Alright . Thanks a lot . Don ' t worry . I ' ll take care of it . Great work . I ' m off for the weekend ! See you on Monday .
What can I do for you , sir ? We'd like to order breakfast for tomorrow morning . Yes , sir . What would you like ? Orange juice , scrambled eggs , bacon , toast and coffee . OK , and when shall I bring it here ?
We'd like to order breakfast for tomorrow morning . Yes , sir . What would you like ? Orange juice , scrambled eggs , bacon , toast and coffee . OK , and when shall I bring it here ? About seven thirty . By the way , could you also bring me tomorrow's papers ?
Hello . This is John ' s Distribution . Can I help you ? Yes . I need some ice water delivered . Are you completely out ? No , I have some , but not enough for the long weekend . Okay . I ' ll send someone to deliver it for you tomorrow .
Yes . I need some ice water delivered . Are you completely out ? No , I have some , but not enough for the long weekend . Okay . I ' ll send someone to deliver it for you tomorrow . Thank you .
I'd like to taste some local dishes . What would you recommend ? That's fine . You must try this dish . Could you tell me how this thing is cooked ? It's fish steamed and served with our special sauce . Is it good ?
That's fine . You must try this dish . Could you tell me how this thing is cooked ? It's fish steamed and served with our special sauce . Is it good ? Sure . It's a most popular dish .
Could you tell me how this thing is cooked ? It's fish steamed and served with our special sauce . Is it good ? Sure . It's a most popular dish . I think I'll try it , and give me some green salad together .
It's fish steamed and served with our special sauce . Is it good ? Sure . It's a most popular dish . I think I'll try it , and give me some green salad together . We have two dressings for salad . Which one would you like ?
Is it good ? Sure . It's a most popular dish . I think I'll try it , and give me some green salad together . We have two dressings for salad . Which one would you like ? What kind do you have ?
Sure . It's a most popular dish . I think I'll try it , and give me some green salad together . We have two dressings for salad . Which one would you like ? What kind do you have ? We have French and Thousand Island .
Good afternoon , Lexington Software . Angelina Dawson , how can I help ? Hello , this is Quinn from IBA . Ah , hello Quinn . Oh dear , you are calling to tell me there is a problem , aren't you ? I'm afraid so , yes . Hmm ... well , it was my first attempt ! Is it a very big mistake , or can we just alter it ?
Hello , this is Quinn from IBA . Ah , hello Quinn . Oh dear , you are calling to tell me there is a problem , aren't you ? I'm afraid so , yes . Hmm ... well , it was my first attempt ! Is it a very big mistake , or can we just alter it ? Unfortunately it's rather a big mistake .
Ah , hello Quinn . Oh dear , you are calling to tell me there is a problem , aren't you ? I'm afraid so , yes . Hmm ... well , it was my first attempt ! Is it a very big mistake , or can we just alter it ? Unfortunately it's rather a big mistake . What do you recommend we do ?
I'm afraid so , yes . Hmm ... well , it was my first attempt ! Is it a very big mistake , or can we just alter it ? Unfortunately it's rather a big mistake . What do you recommend we do ? I would recommend we scrap this one and you bring in another set as soon as possible .
I need to use the ATM . What ' s stopping you ? I ' m not sure how . I don ' t understand . I ' Ve never used one before .
What ' s stopping you ? I ' m not sure how . I don ' t understand . I ' Ve never used one before . I can help you figure it out .
I ' m not sure how . I don ' t understand . I ' Ve never used one before . I can help you figure it out . What do I have to do ?
I don ' t understand . I ' Ve never used one before . I can help you figure it out . What do I have to do ? Slide your card into the machine .
I ' Ve never used one before . I can help you figure it out . What do I have to do ? Slide your card into the machine . Then what ?
I can help you figure it out . What do I have to do ? Slide your card into the machine . Then what ? You need to type your PIN in .
What do I have to do ? Slide your card into the machine . Then what ? You need to type your PIN in . What do I have to do next ?
Hello , thank you for taking the time to interview me . Hi there , I ' m Bill Gotcha , the owner of Gotcha Enterprises . Did you find your way here OK ? Your assistant gave wonderful directions . Why are you switching jobs at this point in your career ? Our Company is moving overseas and I wish to stay in the United States .
Hi there , I ' m Bill Gotcha , the owner of Gotcha Enterprises . Did you find your way here OK ? Your assistant gave wonderful directions . Why are you switching jobs at this point in your career ? Our Company is moving overseas and I wish to stay in the United States . What are you best at ?
Your assistant gave wonderful directions . Why are you switching jobs at this point in your career ? Our Company is moving overseas and I wish to stay in the United States . What are you best at ? I am good at organizing systems that have been having problems .
Why are you switching jobs at this point in your career ? Our Company is moving overseas and I wish to stay in the United States . What are you best at ? I am good at organizing systems that have been having problems . What is your biggest challenge in terms of skills ?
Our Company is moving overseas and I wish to stay in the United States . What are you best at ? I am good at organizing systems that have been having problems . What is your biggest challenge in terms of skills ? I don ' t like to sit around and so like to always find things to do to keep myself busy .
May I come in , Mr Sun ? I ' d rather you didn ' t , Miss Yang . I ' m very busy now . Can I try later then ? Yes , of course . Is it all right for me to come in now , Mr Sun ?
I ' d rather you didn ' t , Miss Yang . I ' m very busy now . Can I try later then ? Yes , of course . Is it all right for me to come in now , Mr Sun ? Well , uh ... I ' m still pretty busy , but ... all right . Come in . What can I do for you ?
Can I try later then ? Yes , of course . Is it all right for me to come in now , Mr Sun ? Well , uh ... I ' m still pretty busy , but ... all right . Come in . What can I do for you ? Do you mind if I sit down ?
Yes , of course . Is it all right for me to come in now , Mr Sun ? Well , uh ... I ' m still pretty busy , but ... all right . Come in . What can I do for you ? Do you mind if I sit down ? Not at all . Take a seat . Now what can I do for you ?
Is it all right for me to come in now , Mr Sun ? Well , uh ... I ' m still pretty busy , but ... all right . Come in . What can I do for you ? Do you mind if I sit down ? Not at all . Take a seat . Now what can I do for you ? I want to leave the department . Do you think I could put info a transfer ?
Well , uh ... I ' m still pretty busy , but ... all right . Come in . What can I do for you ? Do you mind if I sit down ? Not at all . Take a seat . Now what can I do for you ? I want to leave the department . Do you think I could put info a transfer ? Yes . But why should you want to do that ?
Do you mind if I sit down ? Not at all . Take a seat . Now what can I do for you ? I want to leave the department . Do you think I could put info a transfer ? Yes . But why should you want to do that ? Do you mind if I speak frankly ?
Not at all . Take a seat . Now what can I do for you ? I want to leave the department . Do you think I could put info a transfer ? Yes . But why should you want to do that ? Do you mind if I speak frankly ? Not at all . Go ahead .
I want to leave the department . Do you think I could put info a transfer ? Yes . But why should you want to do that ? Do you mind if I speak frankly ? Not at all . Go ahead . Well . You see , I don ' t like the office . I don ' t like the staff . And I ' m afraid of you . And I don ' t want to go one . So may I put info a transfer ?
So what do you think of my new dress ? I think it ' s great ! I really like the color , and it goes really well with your eyes . I ' Ve actually been eyeing that dress at Maxine ' s for a while now , but I wasn ' t sure I could afford ninety-five dollars for a dress at the moment . Um , ninety-five dollars ? Yes , that ' s the price they were advertising it at . I was hoping it might go on sale soon . Why , how much did you pay for it ? I bought it for one hundred and forty-five dollars at Helen ' s Boutique . I didn ' t know I could get it cheaper somewhere else .
I think it ' s great ! I really like the color , and it goes really well with your eyes . I ' Ve actually been eyeing that dress at Maxine ' s for a while now , but I wasn ' t sure I could afford ninety-five dollars for a dress at the moment . Um , ninety-five dollars ? Yes , that ' s the price they were advertising it at . I was hoping it might go on sale soon . Why , how much did you pay for it ? I bought it for one hundred and forty-five dollars at Helen ' s Boutique . I didn ' t know I could get it cheaper somewhere else . Of course ! Everything at Helen ' s is overpriced , and they sell things that you can find at almost every other clothing store ! Why didn ' t you shop around ?
I want to keep a pet , but I don't know which one to buy ? Dogs are nice , but they are really energetic , and you need to make sure they get enough exercise every day . Having a dog would probably be too much work for me , then . What about cats ? They are more independent . Actually , I was thinking of something a little more exotic . I don't want a common pet like a dog or a cat .
Dogs are nice , but they are really energetic , and you need to make sure they get enough exercise every day . Having a dog would probably be too much work for me , then . What about cats ? They are more independent . Actually , I was thinking of something a little more exotic . I don't want a common pet like a dog or a cat . How about a lizard ? Are lizards more along the lines of what you were thinking of getting ?
Having a dog would probably be too much work for me , then . What about cats ? They are more independent . Actually , I was thinking of something a little more exotic . I don't want a common pet like a dog or a cat . How about a lizard ? Are lizards more along the lines of what you were thinking of getting ? Yeah , are they easy to look after ?
How much is it to rent an economy car ? $ 19 a day or $ 129 a week , unlimited mileage . Could I have one for tomorrow morning ? Could I see your driver's license ? Sure here it is .
Good afternoon . Can I help you ? I'd like to leave this bag with you . OK , sir . Is there anything valuable or breakable in it ? Well ... there is a necklace in it . Would you mind taking the necklace with you , or leaving it at the safe deposit box ?
I'd like to leave this bag with you . OK , sir . Is there anything valuable or breakable in it ? Well ... there is a necklace in it . Would you mind taking the necklace with you , or leaving it at the safe deposit box ? Well , don't bother . I'll take it with me . Will that be all right ?
OK , sir . Is there anything valuable or breakable in it ? Well ... there is a necklace in it . Would you mind taking the necklace with you , or leaving it at the safe deposit box ? Well , don't bother . I'll take it with me . Will that be all right ? Thank you , sir . Here is your tag . This cloakroom is open till 11:00 p . m . , could you pick it up by then ?
Hello , this is Dunlin . May I speak to Mrs Smith ? This is Mrs Smith . Can I help you ? I am calling to say thank you for the interview yesterday . You are welcome . I am very impressed by your capability . Is there anything I should do ?
This is Mrs Smith . Can I help you ? I am calling to say thank you for the interview yesterday . You are welcome . I am very impressed by your capability . Is there anything I should do ? No , nothing . It's thoughtful of you to call me again .
I am calling to say thank you for the interview yesterday . You are welcome . I am very impressed by your capability . Is there anything I should do ? No , nothing . It's thoughtful of you to call me again . Thank you . Please call me at any time if you have any questions .
You are welcome . I am very impressed by your capability . Is there anything I should do ? No , nothing . It's thoughtful of you to call me again . Thank you . Please call me at any time if you have any questions . Ok , I will . Do you have any question ?
Is there anything I should do ? No , nothing . It's thoughtful of you to call me again . Thank you . Please call me at any time if you have any questions . Ok , I will . Do you have any question ? No , thank you . Goodbye .
Mom , what are we going to make tonight ? Curry and rice . What do you think ? That sounds nice . I can peel the potatoes first . Really ! Oh , honey , you are so sweet . I'll chop up this carrot . Mom , the water is boiling !
Hi , Jeny . Are still working ? Hi , Nacy . Come in please . I'm just putting away on my books . So , you are leaving , aren't you ? yes , I'm going to take a holiday tomorrow . How nice ! I can see you are busying packing . I'm sorry to interrupt you .
Hi , Nacy . Come in please . I'm just putting away on my books . So , you are leaving , aren't you ? yes , I'm going to take a holiday tomorrow . How nice ! I can see you are busying packing . I'm sorry to interrupt you . That's all right . I'm almost finished . Do you need my help ?
So , you are leaving , aren't you ? yes , I'm going to take a holiday tomorrow . How nice ! I can see you are busying packing . I'm sorry to interrupt you . That's all right . I'm almost finished . Do you need my help ? Yes , could you please go over this for me ? and see if there is any mistake in it ?
yes , I'm going to take a holiday tomorrow . How nice ! I can see you are busying packing . I'm sorry to interrupt you . That's all right . I'm almost finished . Do you need my help ? Yes , could you please go over this for me ? and see if there is any mistake in it ? Oh . all right I'll read it soon .
How nice ! I can see you are busying packing . I'm sorry to interrupt you . That's all right . I'm almost finished . Do you need my help ? Yes , could you please go over this for me ? and see if there is any mistake in it ? Oh . all right I'll read it soon . Excuse me for taking your time .
I've been so tired recently . I've been trying , but I don't think I'm up to this job . You need to take a break , maybe a vacation . Oh , yes , indeed . I've run out of steam . To be honest , I want to be in a different environment . Is that so ? Yes , I don't want to be stuck in a rut . I want to move on .
You need to take a break , maybe a vacation . Oh , yes , indeed . I've run out of steam . To be honest , I want to be in a different environment . Is that so ? Yes , I don't want to be stuck in a rut . I want to move on . Have you decided ?
Oh , yes , indeed . I've run out of steam . To be honest , I want to be in a different environment . Is that so ? Yes , I don't want to be stuck in a rut . I want to move on . Have you decided ? Yes . I want to get a better job .
Is that so ? Yes , I don't want to be stuck in a rut . I want to move on . Have you decided ? Yes . I want to get a better job . Could you tell me why you want to quit ?
Yes , I don't want to be stuck in a rut . I want to move on . Have you decided ? Yes . I want to get a better job . Could you tell me why you want to quit ? I quit just because of the dissatisfying salary and the trouble in getting along with my colleagues .
Have you decided ? Yes . I want to get a better job . Could you tell me why you want to quit ? I quit just because of the dissatisfying salary and the trouble in getting along with my colleagues . Oh , that's terrible . Do you want to get a higher salary in our company ?
Yes . I want to get a better job . Could you tell me why you want to quit ? I quit just because of the dissatisfying salary and the trouble in getting along with my colleagues . Oh , that's terrible . Do you want to get a higher salary in our company ? I'm afraid not . I've promised my girlfriend . We'll travel southwards to find a job that offers higher pay .
Could you tell me why you want to quit ? I quit just because of the dissatisfying salary and the trouble in getting along with my colleagues . Oh , that's terrible . Do you want to get a higher salary in our company ? I'm afraid not . I've promised my girlfriend . We'll travel southwards to find a job that offers higher pay . OK , I'd like to say that I've really enjoyed working with you . However , I think you should work harder for your new job and then you can ask for higher pay .
I quit just because of the dissatisfying salary and the trouble in getting along with my colleagues . Oh , that's terrible . Do you want to get a higher salary in our company ? I'm afraid not . I've promised my girlfriend . We'll travel southwards to find a job that offers higher pay . OK , I'd like to say that I've really enjoyed working with you . However , I think you should work harder for your new job and then you can ask for higher pay . Thank you so much for your advice .
Oh , that's terrible . Do you want to get a higher salary in our company ? I'm afraid not . I've promised my girlfriend . We'll travel southwards to find a job that offers higher pay . OK , I'd like to say that I've really enjoyed working with you . However , I think you should work harder for your new job and then you can ask for higher pay . Thank you so much for your advice . And every best wish for your new job .
Hello , may I speak to you for a few minutes ? About what ? I want to speak to you about this year ' s election . Oh , really ? Yes , I am a volunteer for the campaign .
About what ? I want to speak to you about this year ' s election . Oh , really ? Yes , I am a volunteer for the campaign . I am very impressed .
I want to speak to you about this year ' s election . Oh , really ? Yes , I am a volunteer for the campaign . I am very impressed . I feel that history is about to be made , and I want to be a part of it .
Oh , really ? Yes , I am a volunteer for the campaign . I am very impressed . I feel that history is about to be made , and I want to be a part of it . That is very nice of you .
Yes , I am a volunteer for the campaign . I am very impressed . I feel that history is about to be made , and I want to be a part of it . That is very nice of you . Will you be voting ?
I am very impressed . I feel that history is about to be made , and I want to be a part of it . That is very nice of you . Will you be voting ? Yes , I am going to vote .
I feel that history is about to be made , and I want to be a part of it . That is very nice of you . Will you be voting ? Yes , I am going to vote . Make sure you make it to your polling place early on Election Day .
Hi ! Do you want a fill-up ? Yes , please . Which type of gas do you want ? Regular , Super , or Premium Unleaded ? What's the price difference ? Regular is $ 1 . 15 , Super is $ 1 . 25 and Premium is $ 1 . 39 .
Yes , please . Which type of gas do you want ? Regular , Super , or Premium Unleaded ? What's the price difference ? Regular is $ 1 . 15 , Super is $ 1 . 25 and Premium is $ 1 . 39 . Just fill it up with Regular , Unleaded , please .
Which type of gas do you want ? Regular , Super , or Premium Unleaded ? What's the price difference ? Regular is $ 1 . 15 , Super is $ 1 . 25 and Premium is $ 1 . 39 . Just fill it up with Regular , Unleaded , please . Do you want me to check the tires and the fluids ?
Hi , can I speak with the apartment manager , please ? Hello , this is the apartment manager speaking . I'm calling about the apartment for rent on Main Street . Would you be interested in seeing the apartment ? I would love to see it .
Hello , this is the apartment manager speaking . I'm calling about the apartment for rent on Main Street . Would you be interested in seeing the apartment ? I would love to see it . Are you free today at around 6 p . m . ?
I'm calling about the apartment for rent on Main Street . Would you be interested in seeing the apartment ? I would love to see it . Are you free today at around 6 p . m . ? Yes , I will be able to make it then .
Would you be interested in seeing the apartment ? I would love to see it . Are you free today at around 6 p . m . ? Yes , I will be able to make it then . Well , I'll see you at 6 p . m . Do you know how to get there ?
I would love to see it . Are you free today at around 6 p . m . ? Yes , I will be able to make it then . Well , I'll see you at 6 p . m . Do you know how to get there ? I used to live in that area .
Are you free today at around 6 p . m . ? Yes , I will be able to make it then . Well , I'll see you at 6 p . m . Do you know how to get there ? I used to live in that area . I'll give you an application form when I see you .
Yes , I will be able to make it then . Well , I'll see you at 6 p . m . Do you know how to get there ? I used to live in that area . I'll give you an application form when I see you . That sounds good . Do I need to bring anything ?
Are you a goal-oriented person ? Yes , I am . I always make a plan before I do anything . Where do you want to be in 5 years ? I don't want to have a specific title . I just want to enjoy what I am doing . That sounds very reasonable .
Yes , I am . I always make a plan before I do anything . Where do you want to be in 5 years ? I don't want to have a specific title . I just want to enjoy what I am doing . That sounds very reasonable . It's the most important thing to me .
Where do you want to be in 5 years ? I don't want to have a specific title . I just want to enjoy what I am doing . That sounds very reasonable . It's the most important thing to me . If you are hired , how long do you plan to stay with us ?
I don't want to have a specific title . I just want to enjoy what I am doing . That sounds very reasonable . It's the most important thing to me . If you are hired , how long do you plan to stay with us ? That obviously depends on how things go - - whether I'm suited to the firm and the firm to me .
That sounds very reasonable . It's the most important thing to me . If you are hired , how long do you plan to stay with us ? That obviously depends on how things go - - whether I'm suited to the firm and the firm to me . Tell me about some of your recent goals and what you do to achieve them .
It's the most important thing to me . If you are hired , how long do you plan to stay with us ? That obviously depends on how things go - - whether I'm suited to the firm and the firm to me . Tell me about some of your recent goals and what you do to achieve them . I want to put my knowledge and experience to use in a challenging position . In order to achieve this goal , I just want to work step by step .
If you are hired , how long do you plan to stay with us ? That obviously depends on how things go - - whether I'm suited to the firm and the firm to me . Tell me about some of your recent goals and what you do to achieve them . I want to put my knowledge and experience to use in a challenging position . In order to achieve this goal , I just want to work step by step . What is your long-range objective ?
That obviously depends on how things go - - whether I'm suited to the firm and the firm to me . Tell me about some of your recent goals and what you do to achieve them . I want to put my knowledge and experience to use in a challenging position . In order to achieve this goal , I just want to work step by step . What is your long-range objective ? I haven't thought it over at all .
Tell me about some of your recent goals and what you do to achieve them . I want to put my knowledge and experience to use in a challenging position . In order to achieve this goal , I just want to work step by step . What is your long-range objective ? I haven't thought it over at all . What do you think is the most important thing when looking for a job ?
Ah , ah , ah ... All right , Bill . Here ' s your daily exercise schedule . You are to jog before breakfast . Jog ? Then , you are to walk to work . Walk ?
All right , Bill . Here ' s your daily exercise schedule . You are to jog before breakfast . Jog ? Then , you are to walk to work . Walk ? Thirty minutes in gym at lunch time .
Jog ? Then , you are to walk to work . Walk ? Thirty minutes in gym at lunch time . Oh no .
Then , you are to walk to work . Walk ? Thirty minutes in gym at lunch time . Oh no . Use the stairs , never the elevator .
Walk ? Thirty minutes in gym at lunch time . Oh no . Use the stairs , never the elevator . Oh , dear .
Thirty minutes in gym at lunch time . Oh no . Use the stairs , never the elevator . Oh , dear . And three times a week , you can either swim , play racketball , or hand ball .
Oh no . Use the stairs , never the elevator . Oh , dear . And three times a week , you can either swim , play racketball , or hand ball . Oh no .
Use the stairs , never the elevator . Oh , dear . And three times a week , you can either swim , play racketball , or hand ball . Oh no . OK , you can stop now . It ' s time for the dance class .
Oh , dear . And three times a week , you can either swim , play racketball , or hand ball . Oh no . OK , you can stop now . It ' s time for the dance class . Dance class ! I don't know how .
And three times a week , you can either swim , play racketball , or hand ball . Oh no . OK , you can stop now . It ' s time for the dance class . Dance class ! I don't know how . You will .
Excuse me . When's the next bus ? The next bus will be here in four minutes . Oh , good . That'll be the number forty four ? No , it's the number fifty-eight . So when's the next forty-four ? Will it be here soon ?
The next bus will be here in four minutes . Oh , good . That'll be the number forty four ? No , it's the number fifty-eight . So when's the next forty-four ? Will it be here soon ? No , it won't .
Oh , good . That'll be the number forty four ? No , it's the number fifty-eight . So when's the next forty-four ? Will it be here soon ? No , it won't . So when will it be here then ?
No , it's the number fifty-eight . So when's the next forty-four ? Will it be here soon ? No , it won't . So when will it be here then ? Never .
So when's the next forty-four ? Will it be here soon ? No , it won't . So when will it be here then ? Never . Never ?
I would like to buy some local handcrafts as gifts to my friends and relatives . There are many stores selling handcrafts in Paris . Our store is wellknown for vase , table wear and jewelry boxes . You can take your time and choose whatever you like . Well , the tapestry is delicate and beautiful . You have made an excellent choice , it is our newcomer . The tapestry is on hot sell with the design and quality . The design on it is traditional Paris architecture . How much is it ?
There are many stores selling handcrafts in Paris . Our store is wellknown for vase , table wear and jewelry boxes . You can take your time and choose whatever you like . Well , the tapestry is delicate and beautiful . You have made an excellent choice , it is our newcomer . The tapestry is on hot sell with the design and quality . The design on it is traditional Paris architecture . How much is it ? 100 frances .
Well , the tapestry is delicate and beautiful . You have made an excellent choice , it is our newcomer . The tapestry is on hot sell with the design and quality . The design on it is traditional Paris architecture . How much is it ? 100 frances . Mmm , it is reasonable . Look at this set of table wear , it is so beautiful !
You have made an excellent choice , it is our newcomer . The tapestry is on hot sell with the design and quality . The design on it is traditional Paris architecture . How much is it ? 100 frances . Mmm , it is reasonable . Look at this set of table wear , it is so beautiful ! We have a piece of table clothing to go with it . It is a brocade one with pretty stars .
How much is it ? 100 frances . Mmm , it is reasonable . Look at this set of table wear , it is so beautiful ! We have a piece of table clothing to go with it . It is a brocade one with pretty stars . This silver vase is a good ornament for the living room .
100 frances . Mmm , it is reasonable . Look at this set of table wear , it is so beautiful ! We have a piece of table clothing to go with it . It is a brocade one with pretty stars . This silver vase is a good ornament for the living room . You are right .
Mmm , it is reasonable . Look at this set of table wear , it is so beautiful ! We have a piece of table clothing to go with it . It is a brocade one with pretty stars . This silver vase is a good ornament for the living room . You are right . I will take the tapestry , the set of table wear and the vase .
We have a piece of table clothing to go with it . It is a brocade one with pretty stars . This silver vase is a good ornament for the living room . You are right . I will take the tapestry , the set of table wear and the vase . OK . Do you like these candles ? They are on sale now .
I hope you can help . I've got a bit of a problem with your ATM . Of course , that's my job . Oh , dear . What's happened ? Well , it's eaten my card ! It won't give it back ! I see ... calm down , don't worry . May I ask what were you doing when it took your card ? Yes . I was only entering my PIN . I'm terrible at remembering it , I'm so forgetful , you see .
Of course , that's my job . Oh , dear . What's happened ? Well , it's eaten my card ! It won't give it back ! I see ... calm down , don't worry . May I ask what were you doing when it took your card ? Yes . I was only entering my PIN . I'm terrible at remembering it , I'm so forgetful , you see . Mmmm ... and exactly how many times did you enter it , please ?
Well , it's eaten my card ! It won't give it back ! I see ... calm down , don't worry . May I ask what were you doing when it took your card ? Yes . I was only entering my PIN . I'm terrible at remembering it , I'm so forgetful , you see . Mmmm ... and exactly how many times did you enter it , please ? Maybe three times . As I said , I always forget it .
I see ... calm down , don't worry . May I ask what were you doing when it took your card ? Yes . I was only entering my PIN . I'm terrible at remembering it , I'm so forgetful , you see . Mmmm ... and exactly how many times did you enter it , please ? Maybe three times . As I said , I always forget it . Ah ! Don't worry ; it's just a security measure . If someone uses a card and cannot get the right PIN after three attempts , the bank keeps the card in case it's stolen . Just contact the bank and we'll get it back to you .
Yes . I was only entering my PIN . I'm terrible at remembering it , I'm so forgetful , you see . Mmmm ... and exactly how many times did you enter it , please ? Maybe three times . As I said , I always forget it . Ah ! Don't worry ; it's just a security measure . If someone uses a card and cannot get the right PIN after three attempts , the bank keeps the card in case it's stolen . Just contact the bank and we'll get it back to you . Oh , I see . So if I call my branch they can sort everything out for me ?
Mmmm ... and exactly how many times did you enter it , please ? Maybe three times . As I said , I always forget it . Ah ! Don't worry ; it's just a security measure . If someone uses a card and cannot get the right PIN after three attempts , the bank keeps the card in case it's stolen . Just contact the bank and we'll get it back to you . Oh , I see . So if I call my branch they can sort everything out for me ? Yes , they'll be happy to help . Believe me , it happens to many people .
Hey , Jim , you're 15 minutes late . What's up ? I got stuck in a traffic jam . Hurry up , the show is about to start . It looks like you're very interested in the circus . Yes , I love to see the animal show .
I got stuck in a traffic jam . Hurry up , the show is about to start . It looks like you're very interested in the circus . Yes , I love to see the animal show . I have never seen those before , but since you're so excited it should be good .
Hurry up , the show is about to start . It looks like you're very interested in the circus . Yes , I love to see the animal show . I have never seen those before , but since you're so excited it should be good . I'm sure you'll love it .
Is the factory fully-automated ? Not completely . Our production process is partially-automated . We use robots on the production line for routine assembly jobs but some of the work is still done manually . What about supply of parts to the production line ? Well , the parts are automatically selected from the store room using a bar-code system . And there is an automatic feeder which takes them to the conveyor belt at the start of the production line . What about the smaller components ?
How much does it cost for a bus pass ? It'll be $ 65 for a monthly pass . Is there anything cheaper than that ? If you're in school , you can get a student pass . Well , I am how much will that cost ?
It'll be $ 65 for a monthly pass . Is there anything cheaper than that ? If you're in school , you can get a student pass . Well , I am how much will that cost ? The pass is free .
Is there anything cheaper than that ? If you're in school , you can get a student pass . Well , I am how much will that cost ? The pass is free . I don't have to pay for anything ?
If you're in school , you can get a student pass . Well , I am how much will that cost ? The pass is free . I don't have to pay for anything ? You'll only have to pay for the monthly sticker .
Well , I am how much will that cost ? The pass is free . I don't have to pay for anything ? You'll only have to pay for the monthly sticker . How much is the monthly sticker ?
The pass is free . I don't have to pay for anything ? You'll only have to pay for the monthly sticker . How much is the monthly sticker ? It's $ 24 for each month .
I don't have to pay for anything ? You'll only have to pay for the monthly sticker . How much is the monthly sticker ? It's $ 24 for each month . I'll take the student bus pass .
OK , let's find somebody then . Good . I'll take care of it . Wait a second , Vince . You know what ? Why don't you let me handle it ? Are you sure ? Do you have somebody in mind ? Yeah . Let me see if he'll do it , and I'll get back to you .
Good . I'll take care of it . Wait a second , Vince . You know what ? Why don't you let me handle it ? Are you sure ? Do you have somebody in mind ? Yeah . Let me see if he'll do it , and I'll get back to you . OK . Just keep in mind it has to be somebody who can get along with Elvin .
Are you planning on voting ? Yes . Are you ? I will be voting tomorrow . What ' s your polling place ? My polling place is at the park up the street .
Yes . Are you ? I will be voting tomorrow . What ' s your polling place ? My polling place is at the park up the street . Oh , yeah ?
I will be voting tomorrow . What ' s your polling place ? My polling place is at the park up the street . Oh , yeah ? Yeah , where is yours ?
What ' s your polling place ? My polling place is at the park up the street . Oh , yeah ? Yeah , where is yours ? I don ' t know .
My polling place is at the park up the street . Oh , yeah ? Yeah , where is yours ? I don ' t know . How is it you don ' t know ?
Oh , yeah ? Yeah , where is yours ? I don ' t know . How is it you don ' t know ? The location of my polling place never came in the mail .
Yeah , where is yours ? I don ' t know . How is it you don ' t know ? The location of my polling place never came in the mail . You can always just check online .
I have a reservation for a single with bath . We are sorry , but single rooms have been occupied . What's the room rate ? It is a little expensive for me , do you have any other rooms ? Then how about this room , with just shower ? May I see the room ? I ' ll take this room . Is the rate for the room only ?
I'm broke , and I have to catch another bus . Why don't you have any money for another bus ? I got hungry and bought some chips . That was smart . Anyway , do you have any change I can use for the bus ?
Why don't you have any money for another bus ? I got hungry and bought some chips . That was smart . Anyway , do you have any change I can use for the bus ? I don't have any .
I got hungry and bought some chips . That was smart . Anyway , do you have any change I can use for the bus ? I don't have any . I don't know how I'm going to get home .
That was smart . Anyway , do you have any change I can use for the bus ? I don't have any . I don't know how I'm going to get home . Get a transfer from the bus driver .
Anyway , do you have any change I can use for the bus ? I don't have any . I don't know how I'm going to get home . Get a transfer from the bus driver . How much is a transfer ?
I don't have any . I don't know how I'm going to get home . Get a transfer from the bus driver . How much is a transfer ? It doesn't cost anything .
I don't know how I'm going to get home . Get a transfer from the bus driver . How much is a transfer ? It doesn't cost anything . That's great ! Thanks for your help .
Are you going home now ? No , I'm not . What are you going to do ? Are you going to work late ? No , I'm not . I'm going to look for an apartment . An apartment ? Why ?
No , I'm not . What are you going to do ? Are you going to work late ? No , I'm not . I'm going to look for an apartment . An apartment ? Why ? I'm going to try to find a place near the office .
What are you going to do ? Are you going to work late ? No , I'm not . I'm going to look for an apartment . An apartment ? Why ? I'm going to try to find a place near the office . Where are you living now ?
No , I'm not . I'm going to look for an apartment . An apartment ? Why ? I'm going to try to find a place near the office . Where are you living now ? Out in the suburbs . It's a long trip to work every day .
An apartment ? Why ? I'm going to try to find a place near the office . Where are you living now ? Out in the suburbs . It's a long trip to work every day . How are you going to find an apartment ?
I'm going to try to find a place near the office . Where are you living now ? Out in the suburbs . It's a long trip to work every day . How are you going to find an apartment ? I'm going to buy a newspaper and check the classified ads .
Where are you living now ? Out in the suburbs . It's a long trip to work every day . How are you going to find an apartment ? I'm going to buy a newspaper and check the classified ads . Apartments in the city are expensive .
Good afternoon . This is Michelle Li speaking , calling on behalf of IBA . Is Mr Meng available at all ? This is Mr Meng speaking , Michelle . Oh , hello ! Sorry about that . I'm just calling to say that we've received your new Corporate Credit Card from HQ . That was quick ! I wasn't expecting it until later this week . Yes , our application procedures have speeded up since we started using the new fast-track system .
This is Mr Meng speaking , Michelle . Oh , hello ! Sorry about that . I'm just calling to say that we've received your new Corporate Credit Card from HQ . That was quick ! I wasn't expecting it until later this week . Yes , our application procedures have speeded up since we started using the new fast-track system . Shall I come in and collect it ?
Oh , hello ! Sorry about that . I'm just calling to say that we've received your new Corporate Credit Card from HQ . That was quick ! I wasn't expecting it until later this week . Yes , our application procedures have speeded up since we started using the new fast-track system . Shall I come in and collect it ? Or we can send it to you . But if you would like to use it at the ATM , you'll need to wait for your PIN number .
That was quick ! I wasn't expecting it until later this week . Yes , our application procedures have speeded up since we started using the new fast-track system . Shall I come in and collect it ? Or we can send it to you . But if you would like to use it at the ATM , you'll need to wait for your PIN number . Mmmm ... if I come in and collect it this afternoon , is there any way I could use it today ? Petty cash is getting low , so I need to draw some money .
Yes , our application procedures have speeded up since we started using the new fast-track system . Shall I come in and collect it ? Or we can send it to you . But if you would like to use it at the ATM , you'll need to wait for your PIN number . Mmmm ... if I come in and collect it this afternoon , is there any way I could use it today ? Petty cash is getting low , so I need to draw some money . As long as you bring your ID , etc , we can serve you over the counter . But you won't be able to use the ATM until your new PIN number arrives .
I ' Ve come to hear about your offer for bristles . We have the offer ready for you . Let me see ... here it is . 100 cases Houston Bristles , 57 mm , at 10 pounds sterling per kilogram , C . I . F European Main Ports , for shipment in June 2001 . The offer is valid for five days . Why , your price has soared . It ' s almost 25 % higher than last year ' s . It would be impossible for us to push any sales at such a price . I ' m a little surprised to hear you say that . You know very well that markets for bristles have gone up a great deal in recent months . The price we offer compares favorably with quotations you can get elsewhere . I ' m afraid I can ' t agree with you there . I must point out your price is higher than some of the quotations we ' Ve received from other sources .
We have the offer ready for you . Let me see ... here it is . 100 cases Houston Bristles , 57 mm , at 10 pounds sterling per kilogram , C . I . F European Main Ports , for shipment in June 2001 . The offer is valid for five days . Why , your price has soared . It ' s almost 25 % higher than last year ' s . It would be impossible for us to push any sales at such a price . I ' m a little surprised to hear you say that . You know very well that markets for bristles have gone up a great deal in recent months . The price we offer compares favorably with quotations you can get elsewhere . I ' m afraid I can ' t agree with you there . I must point out your price is higher than some of the quotations we ' Ve received from other sources . But you must take the quality into consideration . Everyone in the trade knows that US ' s bristles are of superior quality to those from other countries .
Why , your price has soared . It ' s almost 25 % higher than last year ' s . It would be impossible for us to push any sales at such a price . I ' m a little surprised to hear you say that . You know very well that markets for bristles have gone up a great deal in recent months . The price we offer compares favorably with quotations you can get elsewhere . I ' m afraid I can ' t agree with you there . I must point out your price is higher than some of the quotations we ' Ve received from other sources . But you must take the quality into consideration . Everyone in the trade knows that US ' s bristles are of superior quality to those from other countries . I agree that yours are of better quality . But there ' s competition from synthetic products , too . You can ' t very well ignore that . Prices for synthetic bristles haven ' t changed much over the years .
I ' m a little surprised to hear you say that . You know very well that markets for bristles have gone up a great deal in recent months . The price we offer compares favorably with quotations you can get elsewhere . I ' m afraid I can ' t agree with you there . I must point out your price is higher than some of the quotations we ' Ve received from other sources . But you must take the quality into consideration . Everyone in the trade knows that US ' s bristles are of superior quality to those from other countries . I agree that yours are of better quality . But there ' s competition from synthetic products , too . You can ' t very well ignore that . Prices for synthetic bristles haven ' t changed much over the years . There ' s practically no substitute for bristles for certain uses . That ' s why demand for natural bristles keeps rising in spite of cheaper synthetic ones . To be frank with you , if it were not for the long - standing relationship between us , we would hardly be willing to make you a firm offer at this price .
It was nice talking to you . Why are you trying to rush me off the phone ? I really have to go . Why ? I still wanted to talk to you . I have things to do .
Why are you trying to rush me off the phone ? I really have to go . Why ? I still wanted to talk to you . I have things to do . Like what ?
I really have to go . Why ? I still wanted to talk to you . I have things to do . Like what ? Don't be nosey .
Why ? I still wanted to talk to you . I have things to do . Like what ? Don't be nosey . I'm not . I just want to know .
I have things to do . Like what ? Don't be nosey . I'm not . I just want to know . Well , it's really none of your business .
Like what ? Don't be nosey . I'm not . I just want to know . Well , it's really none of your business . That's harsh .
Don't be nosey . I'm not . I just want to know . Well , it's really none of your business . That's harsh . I'm sorry , but I have to go .
Good afternoon . My goodness ! It ' s the afternoon ? Doesn ' t the time fly ! Do come in and sit down . Thank you . What ' s the time ? My watch has stopped . It ' s half past twelve .
My goodness ! It ' s the afternoon ? Doesn ' t the time fly ! Do come in and sit down . Thank you . What ' s the time ? My watch has stopped . It ' s half past twelve . When do you have lunch ?
Thank you . What ' s the time ? My watch has stopped . It ' s half past twelve . When do you have lunch ? From one to two .
What ' s the time ? My watch has stopped . It ' s half past twelve . When do you have lunch ? From one to two . What do you normally eat ?
It ' s half past twelve . When do you have lunch ? From one to two . What do you normally eat ? We usually go to the cafeteria .
When do you have lunch ? From one to two . What do you normally eat ? We usually go to the cafeteria . Oh , it ' s time to have lunch now .
I am sorry , but I cannot stay for the rest of class today . Why do you need to leave early ? I don ' t feel so good . What doesn ' t feel right ? I feel as if I am going to be sick to my stomach .
Why do you need to leave early ? I don ' t feel so good . What doesn ' t feel right ? I feel as if I am going to be sick to my stomach . Perhaps you should get checked out at the Student Health Center before you go home .
I don ' t feel so good . What doesn ' t feel right ? I feel as if I am going to be sick to my stomach . Perhaps you should get checked out at the Student Health Center before you go home . I have some medicine at home that I could take .
What doesn ' t feel right ? I feel as if I am going to be sick to my stomach . Perhaps you should get checked out at the Student Health Center before you go home . I have some medicine at home that I could take . Are you going to be OK to drive home , or would you like someone to go with you ?
I feel as if I am going to be sick to my stomach . Perhaps you should get checked out at the Student Health Center before you go home . I have some medicine at home that I could take . Are you going to be OK to drive home , or would you like someone to go with you ? Thank you , but my friend is in the library , and he can give me a ride home .
I would like to take a trip to the beach this weekend . A trip to the beach would be fun . How is the weather going to be ? The forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend . So do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach ? It sounds like it will be .
A trip to the beach would be fun . How is the weather going to be ? The forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend . So do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach ? It sounds like it will be . I really hope it doesn't get cold .
The forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend . So do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach ? It sounds like it will be . I really hope it doesn't get cold . That would ruin things , I want to go so badly .
So do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach ? It sounds like it will be . I really hope it doesn't get cold . That would ruin things , I want to go so badly . The weather in California is unpredictable , so you never know .
It sounds like it will be . I really hope it doesn't get cold . That would ruin things , I want to go so badly . The weather in California is unpredictable , so you never know . That is true . The weather is constantly changing .
I really hope it doesn't get cold . That would ruin things , I want to go so badly . The weather in California is unpredictable , so you never know . That is true . The weather is constantly changing . It would be nice if the weather would never change .
That would ruin things , I want to go so badly . The weather in California is unpredictable , so you never know . That is true . The weather is constantly changing . It would be nice if the weather would never change . That would be great , then we could plan things sooner .
Do you believe in god ? Not at all . I ' m an agnostic . do you ? I ' m not sure . Why don ' t you believe there is a god ? I think everything has a scientific explanation rather than a theological one . I basically believe in science over theology . I mean , I believe in evolution for example . However , there are many things that science hasn ' t explained yet .
Not at all . I ' m an agnostic . do you ? I ' m not sure . Why don ' t you believe there is a god ? I think everything has a scientific explanation rather than a theological one . I basically believe in science over theology . I mean , I believe in evolution for example . However , there are many things that science hasn ' t explained yet . I ' m sure that science will explain everything eventually . I think that the strangest thing about religion is that so many religions people act in ways that their religion claims are wrong .
I ' m not sure . Why don ' t you believe there is a god ? I think everything has a scientific explanation rather than a theological one . I basically believe in science over theology . I mean , I believe in evolution for example . However , there are many things that science hasn ' t explained yet . I ' m sure that science will explain everything eventually . I think that the strangest thing about religion is that so many religions people act in ways that their religion claims are wrong . For example ?
I think everything has a scientific explanation rather than a theological one . I basically believe in science over theology . I mean , I believe in evolution for example . However , there are many things that science hasn ' t explained yet . I ' m sure that science will explain everything eventually . I think that the strangest thing about religion is that so many religions people act in ways that their religion claims are wrong . For example ? Religions preach tolerance , but many wars are caused by intolerant religious fanatics .
Welcome to IBA . Can I help you ? Yes , please . I'm here for an International Settlement . Our company has to effect payment , and it needs to be done today . Here's the advice slip for the payment . Thanks . I'm sorry to say that you need to get this stamped . There is no stamp on this slip and it is essential before I can process it for you . I see . So , I need to stamp it . And sign it too ? Yes , that's right . Down here , at the bottom right hand corner to show that you agree to pay the printed amount .
I'm in 507 . I have a few problems with my room . What is that problem , sir ? There are cockroaches in my room . Are you sure , sir ? Flies I could believe , but cockroaches ? I've counted nine different cockroaches , and I accidentally stepped on another one .
What is that problem , sir ? There are cockroaches in my room . Are you sure , sir ? Flies I could believe , but cockroaches ? I've counted nine different cockroaches , and I accidentally stepped on another one . Sir , we run a spotless and cockroach-less hotel .
There are cockroaches in my room . Are you sure , sir ? Flies I could believe , but cockroaches ? I've counted nine different cockroaches , and I accidentally stepped on another one . Sir , we run a spotless and cockroach-less hotel . You dare to doubt me ?
Daddy , are you going to the park with us this weekend ? Honey , I have a lot of work to do . So you can't go with us , right ? No . Daddy , you always arrange your schedule so tight on weekdays . You should have a rest on weekends .
Honey , I have a lot of work to do . So you can't go with us , right ? No . Daddy , you always arrange your schedule so tight on weekdays . You should have a rest on weekends . What park do you want to go to ?
So you can't go with us , right ? No . Daddy , you always arrange your schedule so tight on weekdays . You should have a rest on weekends . What park do you want to go to ? Daniel wants to go to the aquarium . While Mom wants to visit the Summer Palace .
No . Daddy , you always arrange your schedule so tight on weekdays . You should have a rest on weekends . What park do you want to go to ? Daniel wants to go to the aquarium . While Mom wants to visit the Summer Palace . Haven't we been these places already ?
Daddy , you always arrange your schedule so tight on weekdays . You should have a rest on weekends . What park do you want to go to ? Daniel wants to go to the aquarium . While Mom wants to visit the Summer Palace . Haven't we been these places already ? Yeah . I don't agree with them , but I don't have a better choice .
What park do you want to go to ? Daniel wants to go to the aquarium . While Mom wants to visit the Summer Palace . Haven't we been these places already ? Yeah . I don't agree with them , but I don't have a better choice . What about the Olympic park ?
Daniel wants to go to the aquarium . While Mom wants to visit the Summer Palace . Haven't we been these places already ? Yeah . I don't agree with them , but I don't have a better choice . What about the Olympic park ? Right , ah . It is so close to our home . How come we've never thought of that ?
Haven't we been these places already ? Yeah . I don't agree with them , but I don't have a better choice . What about the Olympic park ? Right , ah . It is so close to our home . How come we've never thought of that ? The Olympic Park has a small forest . It is fit for picnic .
Excuse me . Can I open a postal savings account in your office ? Of course . What kind of postal savings account do you want to open ? Hum .. Can you recommend me one with high interest ? OK . We offer a few different kinds of postal saving services . They have different interest rates . I want the one with the highest interest rate .
Of course . What kind of postal savings account do you want to open ? Hum .. Can you recommend me one with high interest ? OK . We offer a few different kinds of postal saving services . They have different interest rates . I want the one with the highest interest rate . That would be our Savers Plus account . You must pay 10 000 yuan into your deposit account . In this way you can get 5 % dividend at the end of the year .
Hum .. Can you recommend me one with high interest ? OK . We offer a few different kinds of postal saving services . They have different interest rates . I want the one with the highest interest rate . That would be our Savers Plus account . You must pay 10 000 yuan into your deposit account . In this way you can get 5 % dividend at the end of the year . All right . I'II open this one .
OK . We offer a few different kinds of postal saving services . They have different interest rates . I want the one with the highest interest rate . That would be our Savers Plus account . You must pay 10 000 yuan into your deposit account . In this way you can get 5 % dividend at the end of the year . All right . I'II open this one . Just fill out these forms , and I ' ll be with you in one second .
Thank you for organizing this great baby shower for me ! I ' Ve always been to baby showers but never actually had one held for me ! Let ' s get started ! Ok , let ' s start opening some presents ! Oh look ! What a great little bib for the baby ! This will definitely come in handy ! Oh wow , you also got me a stroller ! That ' s so great ! Thank you ! This next one is from Betty . A highchair and car seat ! Wow Betty , thank you so much ! I really appreciate it !
Ok , let ' s start opening some presents ! Oh look ! What a great little bib for the baby ! This will definitely come in handy ! Oh wow , you also got me a stroller ! That ' s so great ! Thank you ! This next one is from Betty . A highchair and car seat ! Wow Betty , thank you so much ! I really appreciate it ! One more from Carla .
Oh look ! What a great little bib for the baby ! This will definitely come in handy ! Oh wow , you also got me a stroller ! That ' s so great ! Thank you ! This next one is from Betty . A highchair and car seat ! Wow Betty , thank you so much ! I really appreciate it ! One more from Carla . A playpen and crib ! Thanks Carla ! This is just what I needed !
This next one is from Betty . A highchair and car seat ! Wow Betty , thank you so much ! I really appreciate it ! One more from Carla . A playpen and crib ! Thanks Carla ! This is just what I needed ! OK , that ' s all of them . No more gifts . Now who wants to guess when the baby is due ?
Ahhs ! I'm beat ! What happened to you ? You look like you got hit by a tornado ! I just got back from fighting the crowds . You mean at the mall ? Was there a sale ? Yeah . For five minutes , everything was half off . It was total chaos ...
What happened to you ? You look like you got hit by a tornado ! I just got back from fighting the crowds . You mean at the mall ? Was there a sale ? Yeah . For five minutes , everything was half off . It was total chaos ... Cool !
I like to open up a savings account please . O . K . We offer a few different kinds . I want the one with the highest interest rate . That would be our Saver's Plus account . 4 . 5 % , that's good . How much money do I have to keep in it to get that rate ?
O . K . We offer a few different kinds . I want the one with the highest interest rate . That would be our Saver's Plus account . 4 . 5 % , that's good . How much money do I have to keep in it to get that rate ? You have to maintain a balance of $ 10,000 in the account or the rate drops to 3 % .
I want the one with the highest interest rate . That would be our Saver's Plus account . 4 . 5 % , that's good . How much money do I have to keep in it to get that rate ? You have to maintain a balance of $ 10,000 in the account or the rate drops to 3 % . All right . I ' ll open one of those .
That would be our Saver's Plus account . 4 . 5 % , that's good . How much money do I have to keep in it to get that rate ? You have to maintain a balance of $ 10,000 in the account or the rate drops to 3 % . All right . I ' ll open one of those . Just fill out these forms , and I ' ll be with you in one second .
That China-gown of Tang-Dynasty style is so beautiful . Would you show it to me , please ? Absolutely . Here it is . Could I try it on ? Please do , the fitting-room is over there . It feels a little tight around the waist . Do you have a bigger one ?
Absolutely . Here it is . Could I try it on ? Please do , the fitting-room is over there . It feels a little tight around the waist . Do you have a bigger one ? I'm sorry . We don't have this color in your size . We have some green ones in your size . Would you please have a look at this green one ?
Could I try it on ? Please do , the fitting-room is over there . It feels a little tight around the waist . Do you have a bigger one ? I'm sorry . We don't have this color in your size . We have some green ones in your size . Would you please have a look at this green one ? OK . How much does it cost ?
Hello , could I speak to Allison , please ? I'm sorry , he's out at the moment . When do you expect him back ? I think he'll be back in about an hour at least . Well , may I leave a message ?
I'm sorry , he's out at the moment . When do you expect him back ? I think he'll be back in about an hour at least . Well , may I leave a message ? Yes , of course .
When do you expect him back ? I think he'll be back in about an hour at least . Well , may I leave a message ? Yes , of course . Would you please ask him to call Chris when he gets back ?
I think he'll be back in about an hour at least . Well , may I leave a message ? Yes , of course . Would you please ask him to call Chris when he gets back ? Ok . Does he know your number ?
Well , may I leave a message ? Yes , of course . Would you please ask him to call Chris when he gets back ? Ok . Does he know your number ? I'm afraid he doesn't . My mobile is 139- 2477 - 4026 .
Come in , Arnold . Have a seat . Good morning . Would you like something to drink ? No , thank you . I just had two cups of coffee at my desk . So , you're a serious coffee drinker .
Good morning . Would you like something to drink ? No , thank you . I just had two cups of coffee at my desk . So , you're a serious coffee drinker . Yes , it keeps me going . Sometimes I think I'm addicted .
Would you like something to drink ? No , thank you . I just had two cups of coffee at my desk . So , you're a serious coffee drinker . Yes , it keeps me going . Sometimes I think I'm addicted . Well , coffee isn't such a bad thing . Everyone has to have something . For me , it's cigars . Are you a cigar smoker ?
No , thank you . I just had two cups of coffee at my desk . So , you're a serious coffee drinker . Yes , it keeps me going . Sometimes I think I'm addicted . Well , coffee isn't such a bad thing . Everyone has to have something . For me , it's cigars . Are you a cigar smoker ? No , I've tried them . But I'm not really a smoker .
So , you're a serious coffee drinker . Yes , it keeps me going . Sometimes I think I'm addicted . Well , coffee isn't such a bad thing . Everyone has to have something . For me , it's cigars . Are you a cigar smoker ? No , I've tried them . But I'm not really a smoker . Well , what would you like to talk to me about ?
Yes , it keeps me going . Sometimes I think I'm addicted . Well , coffee isn't such a bad thing . Everyone has to have something . For me , it's cigars . Are you a cigar smoker ? No , I've tried them . But I'm not really a smoker . Well , what would you like to talk to me about ? I wanted to set up this meeting with you to discuss a little proposal .
Well , coffee isn't such a bad thing . Everyone has to have something . For me , it's cigars . Are you a cigar smoker ? No , I've tried them . But I'm not really a smoker . Well , what would you like to talk to me about ? I wanted to set up this meeting with you to discuss a little proposal . I'm glad when people have new ideas around here . Tell me about it .
No , I've tried them . But I'm not really a smoker . Well , what would you like to talk to me about ? I wanted to set up this meeting with you to discuss a little proposal . I'm glad when people have new ideas around here . Tell me about it . It is about the staff meetings . You know how we have a staff meeting every Tuesday .
Well , what would you like to talk to me about ? I wanted to set up this meeting with you to discuss a little proposal . I'm glad when people have new ideas around here . Tell me about it . It is about the staff meetings . You know how we have a staff meeting every Tuesday . Yes .
I wanted to set up this meeting with you to discuss a little proposal . I'm glad when people have new ideas around here . Tell me about it . It is about the staff meetings . You know how we have a staff meeting every Tuesday . Yes . Well , I have been thinking about it . And I believe we could do things more efficiently here .
I'm glad when people have new ideas around here . Tell me about it . It is about the staff meetings . You know how we have a staff meeting every Tuesday . Yes . Well , I have been thinking about it . And I believe we could do things more efficiently here . What do you suggest ?
It is about the staff meetings . You know how we have a staff meeting every Tuesday . Yes . Well , I have been thinking about it . And I believe we could do things more efficiently here . What do you suggest ? The way it is now , the staff from all four branches get together once a week . We meet for one hour . But I think a lot of time is wasted in transportation .
Yes . Well , I have been thinking about it . And I believe we could do things more efficiently here . What do you suggest ? The way it is now , the staff from all four branches get together once a week . We meet for one hour . But I think a lot of time is wasted in transportation . You mean because people have to go across town to get here .
Well , I have been thinking about it . And I believe we could do things more efficiently here . What do you suggest ? The way it is now , the staff from all four branches get together once a week . We meet for one hour . But I think a lot of time is wasted in transportation . You mean because people have to go across town to get here . Yes . Some people spend half of the morning on the road .
What do you suggest ? The way it is now , the staff from all four branches get together once a week . We meet for one hour . But I think a lot of time is wasted in transportation . You mean because people have to go across town to get here . Yes . Some people spend half of the morning on the road . That's true . But our staff meetings are very important , Arnold . I don't know how we can function without them .
The way it is now , the staff from all four branches get together once a week . We meet for one hour . But I think a lot of time is wasted in transportation . You mean because people have to go across town to get here . Yes . Some people spend half of the morning on the road . That's true . But our staff meetings are very important , Arnold . I don't know how we can function without them . I think they are important too . That ' s why I want people to have a better attitude about them .
You mean because people have to go across town to get here . Yes . Some people spend half of the morning on the road . That's true . But our staff meetings are very important , Arnold . I don't know how we can function without them . I think they are important too . That ' s why I want people to have a better attitude about them . I know a lot of people think the meetings aren't too useful . I'm aware of that .
Yes . Some people spend half of the morning on the road . That's true . But our staff meetings are very important , Arnold . I don't know how we can function without them . I think they are important too . That ' s why I want people to have a better attitude about them . I know a lot of people think the meetings aren't too useful . I'm aware of that . Here's what I propose . I think we should meet once every two weeks , but meet for ninety minutes or more .
That's true . But our staff meetings are very important , Arnold . I don't know how we can function without them . I think they are important too . That ' s why I want people to have a better attitude about them . I know a lot of people think the meetings aren't too useful . I'm aware of that . Here's what I propose . I think we should meet once every two weeks , but meet for ninety minutes or more . Well .
I think they are important too . That ' s why I want people to have a better attitude about them . I know a lot of people think the meetings aren't too useful . I'm aware of that . Here's what I propose . I think we should meet once every two weeks , but meet for ninety minutes or more . Well . I also think the meetings should be more focused . And I would be willing to take responsibility for that .
I know a lot of people think the meetings aren't too useful . I'm aware of that . Here's what I propose . I think we should meet once every two weeks , but meet for ninety minutes or more . Well . I also think the meetings should be more focused . And I would be willing to take responsibility for that . You mean you want to run the meetings ?
Here's what I propose . I think we should meet once every two weeks , but meet for ninety minutes or more . Well . I also think the meetings should be more focused . And I would be willing to take responsibility for that . You mean you want to run the meetings ? No , not really run them . But I could help organize them . I could discuss meeting topics with you , and then prepare a schedule for each meeting . I could then send an e-mail to all the staff to explain the coming meeting . This way the meetings would become more focused , and people would prepare better .
Well . I also think the meetings should be more focused . And I would be willing to take responsibility for that . You mean you want to run the meetings ? No , not really run them . But I could help organize them . I could discuss meeting topics with you , and then prepare a schedule for each meeting . I could then send an e-mail to all the staff to explain the coming meeting . This way the meetings would become more focused , and people would prepare better . Hmm . But we would meet every two weeks .
I also think the meetings should be more focused . And I would be willing to take responsibility for that . You mean you want to run the meetings ? No , not really run them . But I could help organize them . I could discuss meeting topics with you , and then prepare a schedule for each meeting . I could then send an e-mail to all the staff to explain the coming meeting . This way the meetings would become more focused , and people would prepare better . Hmm . But we would meet every two weeks . I really think it would work . The meetings could be longer , and better organized .
You mean you want to run the meetings ? No , not really run them . But I could help organize them . I could discuss meeting topics with you , and then prepare a schedule for each meeting . I could then send an e-mail to all the staff to explain the coming meeting . This way the meetings would become more focused , and people would prepare better . Hmm . But we would meet every two weeks . I really think it would work . The meetings could be longer , and better organized . I am not against the idea , Arnold . It may really be more efficient , as you say . I'll tell you what we can do . Why don't we try your proposal for a month , and see how it works .
No , not really run them . But I could help organize them . I could discuss meeting topics with you , and then prepare a schedule for each meeting . I could then send an e-mail to all the staff to explain the coming meeting . This way the meetings would become more focused , and people would prepare better . Hmm . But we would meet every two weeks . I really think it would work . The meetings could be longer , and better organized . I am not against the idea , Arnold . It may really be more efficient , as you say . I'll tell you what we can do . Why don't we try your proposal for a month , and see how it works . Excellent . I would be happy to get started on it .
Good morning , Madam . What can I do for you ? Can you show me some traditional Chinese arts and crafts ? Maybe sandalwood fan is good . Would you show me some ? Of course .
Can you show me some traditional Chinese arts and crafts ? Maybe sandalwood fan is good . Would you show me some ? Of course . They really smell fragrant . How much is a real sandalwood fan ?
Maybe sandalwood fan is good . Would you show me some ? Of course . They really smell fragrant . How much is a real sandalwood fan ? The small ones are one hundred yuan for each . And the big ones are two hundred and thirty yuan .
Would you show me some ? Of course . They really smell fragrant . How much is a real sandalwood fan ? The small ones are one hundred yuan for each . And the big ones are two hundred and thirty yuan . I'll take two small ones and a big one .
Of course . They really smell fragrant . How much is a real sandalwood fan ? The small ones are one hundred yuan for each . And the big ones are two hundred and thirty yuan . I'll take two small ones and a big one . What else are you interested in ?
They really smell fragrant . How much is a real sandalwood fan ? The small ones are one hundred yuan for each . And the big ones are two hundred and thirty yuan . I'll take two small ones and a big one . What else are you interested in ? I'm afraid not .
Hello . I want to send the computer to my sister in Shanghai by logistics transport . OK . Is it in the box ? May I see it ? Yes . This is the computer and this is the keyboard and the monitor . Is there anything else ? There are a mouse and a camera .
OK . Is it in the box ? May I see it ? Yes . This is the computer and this is the keyboard and the monitor . Is there anything else ? There are a mouse and a camera . Is that all ?
Yes . This is the computer and this is the keyboard and the monitor . Is there anything else ? There are a mouse and a camera . Is that all ? Yes . How much is it to send these things to Shanghai by regular delivery ?
Is there anything else ? There are a mouse and a camera . Is that all ? Yes . How much is it to send these things to Shanghai by regular delivery ? It depends on the weight of these things . Generally speaking , we will charge you ten yuan for one kilogram .
There are a mouse and a camera . Is that all ? Yes . How much is it to send these things to Shanghai by regular delivery ? It depends on the weight of these things . Generally speaking , we will charge you ten yuan for one kilogram . I see . Can you weigh them for me , please ?
Is that all ? Yes . How much is it to send these things to Shanghai by regular delivery ? It depends on the weight of these things . Generally speaking , we will charge you ten yuan for one kilogram . I see . Can you weigh them for me , please ? Please go over there to weigh them .
You want to argue your ticket today ? Yes . That is why I'm here . Tell me your argument . I was pulled over for allegedly speeding . Are you sure you weren't speeding ?
Yes . That is why I'm here . Tell me your argument . I was pulled over for allegedly speeding . Are you sure you weren't speeding ? To be honest , I really wasn't .
Tell me your argument . I was pulled over for allegedly speeding . Are you sure you weren't speeding ? To be honest , I really wasn't . What speed were you going ?
I was pulled over for allegedly speeding . Are you sure you weren't speeding ? To be honest , I really wasn't . What speed were you going ? I was under the speed limit . I was going 35 , when the speed limit was 40 .
Are you sure you weren't speeding ? To be honest , I really wasn't . What speed were you going ? I was under the speed limit . I was going 35 , when the speed limit was 40 . I'm just going to let you go , since the arresting officer isn't here .
To be honest , I really wasn't . What speed were you going ? I was under the speed limit . I was going 35 , when the speed limit was 40 . I'm just going to let you go , since the arresting officer isn't here . What about my ticket ? Do I still need to pay ?
What speed were you going ? I was under the speed limit . I was going 35 , when the speed limit was 40 . I'm just going to let you go , since the arresting officer isn't here . What about my ticket ? Do I still need to pay ? Don't worry about it .
Taxi ! Where will you go , sir ? Friendship Hotel . OK , it's not far from here . I have something important to do , can you fast the speed ?
Where will you go , sir ? Friendship Hotel . OK , it's not far from here . I have something important to do , can you fast the speed ? Sure , I'll try my best . Here we are .
Friendship Hotel . OK , it's not far from here . I have something important to do , can you fast the speed ? Sure , I'll try my best . Here we are . How much should I pay you ?
OK , it's not far from here . I have something important to do , can you fast the speed ? Sure , I'll try my best . Here we are . How much should I pay you ? The reading on the meter is 15 yuan .
I have something important to do , can you fast the speed ? Sure , I'll try my best . Here we are . How much should I pay you ? The reading on the meter is 15 yuan . Here's 20 yuan , keep the change .
what do you think about the public service advertisement for quiting smoking ? while I think it's great that they're trying to get people to quit smoking , but I don't really care for the advertisement . why not ? the fish hook that they use is quite disturbing ! it's a pun . They use the fish hook to make you think about how you can get hooked on smoking .
while I think it's great that they're trying to get people to quit smoking , but I don't really care for the advertisement . why not ? the fish hook that they use is quite disturbing ! it's a pun . They use the fish hook to make you think about how you can get hooked on smoking . I know , but I think it's not really appropriate for young children .
why not ? the fish hook that they use is quite disturbing ! it's a pun . They use the fish hook to make you think about how you can get hooked on smoking . I know , but I think it's not really appropriate for young children . I think they're trying to scare the young people so that they don't ever start smoking .
the fish hook that they use is quite disturbing ! it's a pun . They use the fish hook to make you think about how you can get hooked on smoking . I know , but I think it's not really appropriate for young children . I think they're trying to scare the young people so that they don't ever start smoking . all advertisers like to catch young people because they know the meaning of loyalty .
it's a pun . They use the fish hook to make you think about how you can get hooked on smoking . I know , but I think it's not really appropriate for young children . I think they're trying to scare the young people so that they don't ever start smoking . all advertisers like to catch young people because they know the meaning of loyalty . perhaps you're right , , though . Maybe the advertisement would be more effective with adults anyhow .
I know , but I think it's not really appropriate for young children . I think they're trying to scare the young people so that they don't ever start smoking . all advertisers like to catch young people because they know the meaning of loyalty . perhaps you're right , , though . Maybe the advertisement would be more effective with adults anyhow . I have nothing against them putting the advertisements in magazines and newspapers that are read by adults , but I don't think they should have their ad on billboards where children can see them .
I think they're trying to scare the young people so that they don't ever start smoking . all advertisers like to catch young people because they know the meaning of loyalty . perhaps you're right , , though . Maybe the advertisement would be more effective with adults anyhow . I have nothing against them putting the advertisements in magazines and newspapers that are read by adults , but I don't think they should have their ad on billboards where children can see them . that's a good point . I think I was so delighted to see that a billboard was being used to promote health that I didn't think about how children might understand the ad .
Janice , I can't find the document I was working on last month . Can you help me to look for it ? Susan , I'm sorry . Did you look up those files I requested ? Yes , but I still can not find it . Maybe it is in this cabinet . I couldn't find the files you request , even though I checked all the cross-references . I don't think it's there . I am sure that document was filed .
Susan , I'm sorry . Did you look up those files I requested ? Yes , but I still can not find it . Maybe it is in this cabinet . I couldn't find the files you request , even though I checked all the cross-references . I don't think it's there . I am sure that document was filed . Well , let me check again under a different heading .
Yes , but I still can not find it . Maybe it is in this cabinet . I couldn't find the files you request , even though I checked all the cross-references . I don't think it's there . I am sure that document was filed . Well , let me check again under a different heading . Good idea ! It seems that I asked you to put it in Nova's files .
Excuse me , but could you tell me the way to the railway station ? The railway station ? Just go down this street and turn left at the second corner . The station is at the end of that street . How long will it take me to get there ? It's about a ten-minute walk . That's very clear . I think I can find my way now . Thank you .
Good morning ! May I help you ? Yes . My wife and I are interested in renting a house for the summer . Do you want a furnished house or an unfurnished one ? Furnished . Very well . How long do you want the house ? All summer ?
Yes . My wife and I are interested in renting a house for the summer . Do you want a furnished house or an unfurnished one ? Furnished . Very well . How long do you want the house ? All summer ? No , not all summer . Just for six weeks .
Do you want a furnished house or an unfurnished one ? Furnished . Very well . How long do you want the house ? All summer ? No , not all summer . Just for six weeks . I'm afraid I can only rent it for two months .
Furnished . Very well . How long do you want the house ? All summer ? No , not all summer . Just for six weeks . I'm afraid I can only rent it for two months . My holiday is only six weeks , but I think my brother and his family would take it for the other two weeks . Is the house in good condition ?
