Hello . This is Mrs . Wilson . I'd like to buy a new car . Could you offer me a new type of the car , please ?
Oh , Madam , buy what ?
A new car . And I've got a small family , two children , and I haven't got a lot of money and ...
Oh , oh , Madam , Madam , I'm afraid you have the wrong number .
Isn't this the car store ?
No . It's Mike's Sporting Goods .
Oh , sorry . Do you know the number for a car store , then ?
No . I don't . I suggest you look in the phone book .
I'm sorry to have bothered you .
How do you get road news ?
I've a driver mate in my car !
So you have all the news on broadcast ?
I was wondering if you could help me with something .
Sure , anything you say .
Actually , it ' s a little bit silly .
Don ' t worry about it , just ask .
What words do I need to know to buy a pair of shoes ?
You need to know the type of shoes you want .
Don ' t worry about that . I can point it out in the store .
The shoes can be comfortable or not comfortable , too wide , too narrow , or just right ; and long or short . In girls shoes , the heel can be high or low .
Do you want some dessert ?
No , thank you . Check , please .
Wait a moment . I will calculate it for you . Your bill comes to $ 36 .
Why'd you pull me over ?
Are you aware that you drove through a red light ?
I ran a red light ?
Yes , you did .
I apologize , but I didn't realize that I did .
Weren't you taught that yellow means slow down , not speed up ?
I did learn that .
So , then why did you speed up ?
I don't know what to tell you .
I'm going to have to write you a ticket .
I understand .
What are the factors that have great impact on the perspective of this corporation ?
External factors . I think the main external factors are political , economic , social and technological factors .
What are the internal factors that influence the company ?
Can you tell me where the pots and pans are ?
Pots and pans are right over there .
Oh , thank you .
Could I interest you in our store credit card ?
No , thanks . I already have credit cards .
But our credit card saves you 10 percent .
That's a nice discount .
Here . Let me give you an application form .
Thank you , but I'm just browsing today .
Would you come to spend the weekend with us ?
Oh , I ' m afraid I can ' t . I ' Ve had a date already .
That ' s too bad .
Excuse me . I have an appointment with Mr . Li at nine . May I come in ?
Yes , come in please . I am Mr . Li . You must be My Liu , right ?
Yes , I am My Liu . Thanks .
I'd like to start this interview with some questions . Why do you think you are qualified for this position ?
According to your advertisement , you want an experienced software engineer . I think my background meets the requirement of this position .
Then tell me something about your background .
My major was computer science when I was at college , and I am quite familiar with Visual C + + and Java language .
Well , what do you think about the development in computers ?
The developments in software are going ahead very quickly and more and more problems are resolved by software . In some regions , the hardware is completely replaced by software . So I think the software industry has a great future .
Have you ever designed any programs concerning network ?
Yes , I have designed some programs for the network with Visual C + + and I have passed the test for programmers - MUSE .
Have you got anything to ask me ?
Yes , can you tell me what's my responsibility in this position ?
Yes , of course . You would be responsible for the development of software products .
I see . This is my advantage .
Good . Have you got any other questions ?
No .
Ok , I will contact you in a week . See you .
Bother the flies !
Where do they come from ?
I don't know . Something rotten here ?
I need to stop eating such unhealthy foods .
I know what you mean . I've started eating better myself .
What foods do you eat now ?
I tend to stick to fruits , vegetables , and chicken .
Those are the only things you eat ?
That's basically what I eat .
Why aren't you eating anything else ?
Well , fruits and vegetables are very healthy .
And the chicken ?
It's really healthy to eat when you bake it .
Good morning . May I help you ?
Yes , I'd like to check out now . My name's Adams , room 312 . Here's the key .
One moment , please , sir . ... Here's your bill . Would you like to check and see if the amount is correct ?
What's the 14 pounds for ?
That's for the phone calls you made from your room .
Can I pay with traveller's cheques ?
Certainly . May I have your passport , please ?
Here you are .
Could you sign each cheque here for me ?
Sure .
Here are your receipt and your change , sir . Thank you .
Hello , ma ' am , can I help you find something ?
Yes , actually I ' m looking to buy a camera .
We ' Ve got a wide selection do you know if you ' d like a point-and-shoot , or something a little fancier ? Are you shopping for yourself or for someone else ?
Actually I ' m buying a camera for my husband .
Ah , well then I ' d recommend a nice entry-level digital SLR .
Yeah ? Can I take a look at the Sirs you carry ?
Sure thing , follow me . This here is the .
The Canon Eos . Yeah it ' s ok , but I ' m looking for something that performs better in low light , has a better display panel , and longer battery life .
Oh , ah , um the Nikon D60 is a nice option .
Yeah , but what kit lens does this camera come with ? I don ' t want some bulky telephoto lens .
Oh , well this one has the , uh .
Looks to me like an 18-55 mm lens . pretty standard , that will do . Not like my husband will be stalking celebrities or anything !
So , ahem , can I interest you in any acc ...
Accessories ? Do you carry polarizing filters ?
Polarizing filter um we should ! I ' m sorry , ma ' am . It looks like we ' re sold out .
No you ' re not ! There are some right here !
Oh , well , would you look at that ! Polarizing filters .
Thanks for your help , Ralph !
How's the bride-to-be ?
Tired and stressed . This wedding is giving me a headache .
Just relax . With me as your maid of honor , everything will be fine !
I'm worried that everything will be chaotic !
Hey ! I'm the tour guide . I'll take care of the Taiwanese guests .
You're going to have to tell them what to do in church , what everything means ...
Honey , I have something important to say .
Something important ?
Yes . I have just booked two tickets .
Tickets ? What tickets ?
Two air tickets .
Air tickets ?
Yes . We will fly to Paris the day after tomorrow .
We ? The day after tomorrow ? What are you talking about ?
Today is June 18 , isn ' t it ?
Yes . So ?
Think about it !
Then it is June 20 the day after tomorrow .
Yes . Think about it carefully .
Oh , come on . Tell me please . Why did you book tickets to Paris ?
Oh , honey ! Don ' t you remember this important day to us ?
Sorry .
It is our 10th wedding anniversary this June 20 .
Our 10th wedding anniversary ?
Of course . You completely forgot it .
Darling . I think you have made a mistake .
I have made a mistake ?
Yes . We married on July 20 ten years ago .
July 20 ? But I think it should be June 20 .
Yes . We had planned to marry on June 20 , but something happened , so we had to put off our wedding day .
Yes . I remember now . We put it off . I did make a mistake . But how shall we deal with the tickets ?
It's quit a big cafeteria , isn't it ?
Sure . I usually have my lunch here . The food is tasty and they offer a big variety .
Let's line up . The steak is very inviting . I'll have it .
I'll have ham and egg with French fries . What dessert do you want ?
Banana pie .
Where shall we sit ?
Good afternoon . Can I help you ?
I need some remedies for an upset stomach .
Are you also suffering from pain and fever ?
Yes , and I also have the runs
I'll give you some tablets that should make you feel better . One moment , please . Here you are . Take these tablets three times a day swallow them with water .
When should I take them ?
Take on after each meal .
How long should I continue taking them ?
Take them for two days . If your symptoms persist for more than two days , you should see a doctor Also , be sure to drink plenty of water to prevent dehydration .
Hi , Dan . What's new ?
Where have you been ? I've been trying to get in touch with you for two days .
I went to Salt Lake City on business . What's up ?
I got fired .
How come ? Last time I saw you . You told me it was a good job , and you'd like to take it as a career . That was only one month ago . Why this sudden change ?
It's a long story . In a word , I didn't do a good job of it . I messed up a business deal , a deal that would have made ten million dollars and I messed it up .
What are you going to do now ?
I am trying to find a job asap . Lily doesn't know yet . I didn't tell her . I spent the past three days at the coffee shop next to your office , and she thought I went to work as usual .
That's not the way to solve the problem . Did you look in the classified advertisements column ?
Yes , I did . But I wasn't qualified for most of the jobs that I was interested in .
Listen . I will see what I can do , ok ? You go home and tell Lily about this problem you have now . She is your wife and I am sure she will understand .
Have you got any cheaper ones ?
Here are some . They ' re on special sale these days .
Let's program your courses . Since you have had English literature , you should take American literature and American prose and fiction . You transcript indicate that your English background is strong , so I don't think you have any problem with it .
How many credits for each course ?
Three , you also should take two three-credit-course in education department .
Excuse me , does this bus go to the new bookstore ?
No , you'll have to get off at the bank , and take a No . 50 .
Thank you . How much is the fare to that stop ?
One dollar .
How many stops are there ?
Two stops after this one .
Could you please tell me when we get there ?
Sure .
By the way , do I need a transfer again after No . 50 ?
No , a No . 50 will take you right there .
We are planning to go to Beidaihe for vacation . Do you want to go with us ?
I can't go to your party .
I will take it . How much ?
$ 60 .
I am sure you can do better than that .
Sorry , sir . It's the sale price .
Well , what about $ 70 with a scarf ?
Marco has fallen off a ladder . I think he's hurt his back . What shall we do ?
We have made some adjustment on the prices . And this is renewed price list .
Thank you for allowing us 3 % reduction , but still we find your price is on the high side .
This is our rock-bottom price , and we can't make any further reduction .
If so , we find it difficult for us to go on with our talks .
Then what ' s your counter-offer ?
This is our counter-offer .
We are sincere to make business with you , but the difference between your counter-offer and our price is too great .
So are we . Our counter-offer is in line with the world market .
How about meeting each other half-way in order to conclude the business ?
Hello , sir , what can I do for you today ?
Hello , I need a new suit . I have an important interview next week , so I really need to look sharp .
No problem ! We have a broad selection of suits , all tailored made so that it will fit perfectly .
Great ! I want a three piece suit , preferably made from Italian cashmere or wool .
Very well sir . Would you like to have some shirts made also ?
Sure . I ' ll also take some silver cuff link and a pair of silk ties .
How much will my pay be , if you don ' t mind my asking ?
We would like to start you off at 1,500 yuan a month , not including bonus and overtime pay . We don ' t give bonus every month , but we offer a semi-annual bonus . And you will receive two weeks paid vacation a year , as well . Does it suit you ?
Yes , thank you . May I ask for an apartment ?
May I have a look at that vase , please ?
Of course . It's the best one I have here---and it's only 300 yuan .
Oh , it's really nice , but to tell the truth , that's far too expensive .
Welcome to China , Mr . Smith .
Thank you . So pleasant to meet you here !
I heard that you are interested in our silk skirts and new style of coats .
Yes , I've brought a list of your recent products with me . We'd like to import some of your latest clothes for the second half of this year . We're ready to place an order with you .
Great ! B , most of the items listed are available this year . I hope we can come to an agreement and sign the contracts , so as to enable our timely delivery .
That sounds good . But I have a proposal now .
What's the proposal ?
Both of our two parties were involved in the discussion previously . Shall we also allow some of our clients to join us ?
Good idea ! In this way , our clients ' needs will be met and disagreements between the two parties avoided .
Are you free tomorrow night ?
Yes , I am .
Shall we have dinner together ?
Do you have a special restaurant in mind ?
Yes , I do . I know a place that has excellent food .
I heard you've found a new job .
Yes , I'm now working in a company .
So you're quite happy with your new job ?
Hi , Tina , I ' Ve got good news . I have successfully passed the first two rounds of interview with ABC Company . They informed me to go to the final round next Monday . It looks very promising .
That is awesome . Congratulation ! I know you can make it .
Thanks . Let ' s go for a celebration this evening . Are you free ?
Yes . Wait for me at the cafe down my office building . See 5PM , ok ?
No problem . See you !
Sarah , what did you do today ?
I went shopping .
Did you buy anything ?
Yes , I bought a few things .
What did you buy ?
I bought this coat . Do you like it ?
Yeah , I like it a lot . It's very pretty . Where did you buy it ?
At the mall on 5th street .
Was it expensive ?
No , it wasn't expensive . It was on sale for 20 dollars .
That's cheap .
I know . It was a really good deal .
Hi , Victor . How are you ?
Oh , I'm fine .
So , are you going to go to class tonight ?
Maybe ... but I don't think so .
Really ? What's the matter ?
I don't know . I'm just feeling a little sad .
Listen . Come with me to class , and after class we can go out for dinner .
Are you interested in history ?
Yes , I am . I enjoyed studying it at school , though I had trouble remembering all the dates , so my teacher never gave me good marks .
I love history , but I ' Ve always thought that learning the reasons behind events is more important than remembering exactly when they happened .
I wish you had been my history teacher ! I might have got better marks !
Some people say that history repeats itself .
What does that mean ? The same events never happen twice , do they ?
The idea is that the people and dates change , but the reason why things happen stay the same .
I ' d like to apply for a personal loan .
How much would you like to borrow ?
A thousand dollars .
Let me check with a credit manager . A record show your credit reading is quite high . I don't think you have any problems .
What ' s the current interest rate ?
Doris , I'm glad you're home . I'm terrified . I don't know what to do !
What is it ? What happened ?
I think someone is stalking me .
No , it can't be . Really ? Who ?
I don't know . I saw him the first time Tuesday . He was at the cafe . I noticed he was looking at me a lot . Not just the usual looking , but staring . He just kept staring at me . He didn't stop .
What did you do ?
I didn't do anything . Finally , he left . But then I saw him again today . Outside the shoe store . Near the cafe . I went into a CD store and pretended I was looking at CD's . But then he came in too .
Did he leave when you left ?
Yes . Then I noticed he was on the sidewalk behind me . He was following me .
Hi , who has the remote control ?
I do . Why , do you want me to change the channel ?
Yes , please . I can't stand watching the channel any more .
I think they have pretty good programmes . But I'll change it if you really want .
Put it on Channel 5 , OK ?
Oh , I hate Channel 5 . I'd rather just listen to the radio .
Don't make such a fuss . I'm sure you will like today's programme .
What's on today ?
A basketball match between Chinese team and American team .
Really ? I'm interested in it .
What's the weather forecast for today ?
Cloudy in the morning , overcast in the afternoon .
Any rain ?
No , but I wouldn't be surprised if it rained tomorrow .
So , Paula , where are you from ?
I'm from Canada , originally .
From Canada ? Where were you born ?
Montreal .
When did you come to Los Angeles ?
We moved here when I was fourteen .
Did you go to school here ?
Well , I went to high school here , but I went to college in Texas .
Did you get a job right after graduation ?
No , I traveled for a while in Europe after college , and then I lived in France .
When was that ?
Let's see ... That was about six years ago .
I bet that was interesting . What did you do there ?
Hello , Sir . So , you are back ?
Yes , hello again . I would like to know the exact difference between Dividend Deposit and Dividend Participated Deposit .
That's pretty easy to explain . With the Deposit , the interest is fixed , but the Dividend of each policy will be transferred automatically into your bank account by the end of each year . The longer the term , the higher the Dividend you earn . This is because it is calculated at the Compound Interest Rate .
And I can purchase that here ?
I can't believe how hot it is .
It's not even noon yet .
That means it will get hotter .
I am dying from the heat .
Turn on the air conditioner .
It doesn't work .
What happened ?
I don't know .
Did you call the repairman ?
Of course .
When is he coming ?
The Phoenix team overpowered its counterpart 86 to 50 .
They're absolutely right to get a replacement for 21 .
If the Phoenix beats the Rocket , it will enter the final .
Please tell me how to file things according to the concerned rules .
Well , all right . There are four points you should keep in mind when you file documents , information and other things .
What are they ?
They are keep the documents in chronological order , remove all the chips and pins , punch the documents evenly and place them in the folder .
And what is the most important point ?
May I come in ?
Yes , please . I ' m Mr . Peter , the Director of Personnel . What can I do for you ?
Nice to meet you , Mr . Peter . I ' m Wang Sian . I ' Ve come for an interview as requested .
Oh , yes . How do you do , Miss Wang ? Sit down , please .
Thank you .
What was your major in school ?
I majored in Public Relations .
Have you done any work in this field ?
Yes , after my graduation , I worked in a trade company in Macao for one year .
What section did you work in ?
The export Business Section .
So you must be very familiar with export procedures .
Yes , very much .
Why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend ?
Sorry , I thought you knew .
But you should tell me you were in love with her .
Didn't I ?
You know you didn't .
Well , I am telling you now .
Yes , but you might have told me before .
I didn't think you would be interested .
You can't be serious . How dare you not tell me you are going to marry her ?
Sorry , I didn't think it mattered .
Excuse me , could you help me pick out a lotion ?
Sure , what is the problem ?
I got poison oak while hiking , and I need something to help me with the itching .
I can suggest a product called Techne that comes in a lotion or cream .
Which do you prefer ?
Hikers tell me that the cream is best because it stays on longer .
Is there anything else I can do to help with the itching ?
You can take an antihistamine .
Thank you so much for all of the information .
hi , darling ! I have a one-month vacation saved up . How about a trip to Europe ?
I could go for that . But I'm afraid our budget is a little tight this year .
oh , but I really need to leave this town for a change . Working day after day has worn me out . Do you have any other suggestions ?
we should probably think about going somewhere that isn't too far away . How about the countryside ? There must be many interesting places , and we could enjoy the fresh air and the delicious local spec
wonderful ! I think that's a great idea . How soon until we can make this happen ? I can't wait !
tomorrow I have an appointment with my dentist . What about next Monday ?
perfect . I'll start preparing tomorrow . If we're going to drive , I'll need to fill up the tank .
no need . I think it's still plenty full . Even so , I'd rather travel by bus or train . It would cost much less than driving . Oil prices are soaring nowadays , you know .
we can take the train , that will be faster . I'll book the tickets tomorrow morning .
great ! Oh , one more thing , don't forget to check the weather before we go . I'd hate to get caught in the rain .
no problem . I'm really looking forward to the coming week .
Good afternoon . I'd like to speak with Tom Smith .
I'm afraid he's away from his desk at the moment .
Do you know when he will be back ?
He's away on a business trip . He won't be back until some time next week .
Is there some way I can get into contact with him ?
The best way to reach him is by cell phone . I'll give you his number .
Thanks . And could I have his e-mail , just in case I can't get him by phone ?
Sure . His cell phone is 09112223 33 . And his e-mail is lower case t , smith--that's one word , at , c , c , w , dot , com , dot , t , w .
Thank you so much . Does he read his e-mails daily ?
Yes . He usually replies immediately .
Great . Thanks again . You've been very helpful .
What a mess !
It seldom rains this summer .
Yeah , some places are very short of water .
Because of pollution and other things , our environment has become worse and worse .
You see , This time I traveled to the West . When I looked out of the windows of the rain , all the lands that I could see are as dry as a bone .
Have any plans for the weekend , Tom ?
Yeah , I ' m going for a hike in the southern Rocky Mountains .
Oh , do you go hiking often ?
I go as much as I can . I love hiking because you can really get in touch with nature .
It would be nice to get out of the city . Do you want some company ?
Sure . But , it will be a long hike , 30 miles in three days . Have you been hiking before ?
Yeah , I go a lot too . I saw a bear and a mountain lion on my last hike .
Wow ! You must have been pretty far away from the city .
Yeah , my friend and I hiked in a very wild part of the national forest .
Well , bring him along too . We ' ll have a great time this weekend .
They got a divorce at last .
It's inevitable . Their love wasbuilt on the sand , and this is why their marriage has landed on the rocks .
You said it . Love but on the sand will soon be on the rocks .
Lin's office supplies . How may I direct your call ?
Marry Lin please .
Sure , just a moment . ... I'm sorry no one answer the phone .
All right , could I leave a message ?
Certainly !
What kind of personality do you think you have ?
I'm quite active and energetic . I approach things enthusiastically and I don't like to leave things half-done .
Do you think you are introverted or extroverted ?
I'm quite outgoing i think . I enjoy mixing and doing things with others .
What do you think is the most important thing for you to be happy ?
I maintain that the most important thing is having good friends . A person can't live all by himself I think . A friend in need is a friend in deed . The more really close friends I have , the better .
What kind of people do you like to work with ?
John , my father isn't there at all . Are you kidding ?
Cool , fellow , what's the date today , buddy ?
It's ... oh it's the 1st April , April Fool's Day .
Hey Stacy . What's going on ?
I'm pretty tired these days .
Why ? You're not working so don't you have a lot of time on your hands ?
I have so much house work to do . I have to take care of the kids , cook , clean , laundry , and the cycle never ends .
How about your husband . Does he help much ?
Not at all . He comes home and complains about his hard day at work . He expects me to do everything . He even wants me to feed him sometimes . Can you believe that ?
That sucks .
If he wasn't so lazy , I think I wouldn't have any complaints . He mows the lawn , but can you believe he tried to convince me to do it ?
That's crossing the line .
Hi , I think I was supposed to call for my test results today .
If you go onto our website and put in your password , you can access your test results .
Are you saying that there weren ' t any problems ?
I will always have you come in for a discussion if there is a major problem .
Will I be able to read the results on the website and understand them ?
Yes , if you go there , you can see what each test is about .
How will I know what the numbers mean ?
You can see your results and how they compare to the normal range .
How can I see test results from tests I have taken before ?
I would like to buy a black suit .
Do you have any special brand in your mind ?
No , I never wear suit in my everyday life . I just want one to take part in my sister ' s wedding ceremony .
I see . Have a look at this one . It ' s very cheap because it ' s not very durable .
but it looks good . Let me try it on .
Believe it or not , tea is the most popular beverage in the world after water .
Well , people from Asia to Europe all enjoy tea .
Right . And China is the homeland of tea .
Yes , Chinese people love drinking tea so much . Some even claim they can't live without tea .
Do you know there are several catagories of Chinese tea ?
Yes , I believe there are green teas , black teas and scented teas . Any Others ?
Well , have you ever heard of Oulong tea and compressed tea ?
Oh , yeah . Oulong tea is good for one's health . isn't it ?
You surely know a lot about Chinese tea .
Sure , I like drinking tea at teahouses .
Oh , so do I .
Why don't we go for one now ?
Great . We can chat while enjoying a cup there .
Which university did you graduate from ?
I graduated from Peking University .
What was your major at university ?
I studied economics , I am especially interested in the economic development of China .
What course did you like best ?
I like Business Management , and i think it's very useful for the present work .
What do you think is the relationship between the subjects you've taken and the job you are seeking ?
Here you are . You left the medicine here .
Sorry . I was too worried .
I firmly believe that you love your brother very much .
Absolutely . By the way , do you sell any traditional Chinese medicine ?
Yes , we have some Chinese medicine for common cold .
I heard Chinese medicine has a better lasting effect in cure .
The hotel operator . Anything I can do for you ?
I've been trying to get through to the booking office for the last ten minutes . But the line has been engaged all the time . Why is it taking so long ?
I'm sorry to hear that . I'm afraid it is often the case during the peak hours . Shall I ask them to call you when the line is free ?
OK . Please do so if it is not troublesome .
No trouble at all . May I know your name and room number ?
I'm Du Juan , in Room 312 .
I see . Wait in the room , please .
Do you need a guide ?
Yes , we are just looking for one . What's the charge per day ?
It's $ 20 . If you are staying for more than 3 days in the city , the charge is $ 16 per day .
Excuse me , could you give me change for a dollar ?
I'll see what I have . What do you need it for ?
I want to get cigarettes .
Hi , Ellen . That outfit looks terrific !
Thanks , Jim . I didn ' t think guys paid attention to stuff like that .
No , we just don ' t usually admit it !
You know that ? Joan has got the scholarship .
Really ?
But I think Henry is a backroom boy . He always helps her with her study .
For the 100th anniversary of the opening of the library we are going to have a party .
That's a wonderful way to celebrate this grand old library !
I hoped you would be willing to brainstorm with me for party ideas .
That is right up my alley . You say party and I'm there .
Perfect . It will be open to the public and we anticipate roughly about five to seven hundred people .
Will it be an all day event ?
Yes . And we checked with the city and we have permission to use the park adjacent to the library .
I had an accident .
Hey , how was the show ?
Not great . It's a kind of boring .
Really ? I heard it was supposed to be great .
Hi , Jim . How are you ? I haven ' t seen you for a while .
I ' m fine . I ' Ve been out of town . I just got back .
Where were you ?
Look ! Mom , that's amazing ! I can't believe the girls have so neat movements .
Yeah , they all received very strict training . A minute on the stage takes ten-year practice .
And all their movements are so elegant . It seems like dancing in the water .
Exactly , you know , water ballet puts dancing , music and swimming together .
There you go ! Daddy has told me that water ballet is also called Synchronized Swimming .
That's my boy ! Katherine Curtis created this activity in 1920 . And in 1984 , it was authorized as one activity in Olympic Games .
Wow , Mom is more knowledgeable than Dad . I must learn from you .
My little boy , you should learn more from me . I'm almost thirty years older than you .
OK , you're the boss . Look , Mom , one guy has just jumped into the swimming pool .
I really need to start eating healthier .
I have to start eating better too .
What kind of food do you usually eat ?
I try my best to eat only fruits , vegetables , and chicken .
Is that really all that you eat ?
That's basically it .
How do you stick to only those foods ?
Actually , fruits and veggies are really good for you .
Yeah , I know , but what about the chicken ?
I mainly eat baked chicken , because there's not a lot of fat .
That does sound pretty good .
All right . I want to bring everybody back on this subject . When can we start working on this ?
Well , we could probably get started with a preparatory meeting this afternoon at 2:00 .
I tell you what , 2:00 is not available for me , but you can get started and I'll come by at around 3:00
That's fine with me . How much time are we going to have to work on this ?
Do you have a free moment ?
Sure . What do you need ?
I'm having some trouble . How do you use this printer ?
Well , first you have to turn this switch on .
Silly me .
Now press this button .
Oh , and it's out of paper . Do you have any more ?
What do you usually have for breakfast ? Pancakes or waffles ?
I usually have cereal for breakfast .
But isn't it served with cold milk ?
Yeah . Cold milk wakes me up .
Chinese people don't like to eat cold food .
Is that right ?
But I'm open to new things . I'll have a bowl of cereal , too .
With cold milk ?
I ran it against that fence pole as I crashed . What do you think ? Damn , it hurts !
We'll have to get you to a hospital . I can ride you on the back of my bike .
I'm lucky I wasn't killed . I must have been going around forty-five miles an hour . There was too much gravel on that corner . I slid out .
Yes , I almost slid too . Alright . This tourniquet is tight . How does it feel ?
Make it tighter . I want the blood stopped . Then wrap some bandages around the cut . Then we can go . Ouch ! I hope I can walk .
Alright , I'm twisting it around . You tell me when to stop .
I'm interested in Chinese antiques .
We have a great variety of Chinese antiques . Besides , we have landscape painting , figure painting and flower-and-bird painting .
I'd like a flower-and-bird painting .
How about this picture of cranes with pine trees ? It was painted by a famous Chinese painter in King Dynasty .
Oh , they look just like live cranes .
Where are you going ?
I'll accompany my wife to the hospital .
What's wrong with her .
She is expecting .
Congratulations to you .
Mom , when you come home , please buy a coat , a skirt , a sweater ...
What's the matter with you , then ? You look miserable .
It's us .
What do you mean by " us " ?
Well , we used to talk to each other before we were married . Remember ?
What do you mean ? We ' re talking now , aren't we ?
Oh , yes , but we used to do so much together .
Yes . I remember . But we never used to argue . You used to think I was wonderful . Where are you going ?
Reservation , can I help you ?
Yes , I would like to reserve a room for next Monday .
Wait a moment , please . Let me check it .
By the way , I want a large room .
Right now we have a suite for 4 people , do you want to book it ?
Office Supplies , Inc . Robert speaking , may I help you ?
Hi , Robert . This is Janet Reese calling from American Advertising . We placed an order with you about a week ago .
Yes , Ms . Reese . I remember , you spoke with me . Is there a problem ?
It's such a nice day .
Yes , it is .
It looks like it may rain soon .
Yes , and I hope that it does .
Why is that ?
I really love how rain clears the air .
Me too . It always smells so fresh after it rains .
Yes , but I love the night air after it rains .
Really ? Why is that ?
Because you can see the stars perfectly .
I really hope it rains today .
I ' m pretty sure that Jim will turn out to be a good lawyer .
How can you be so sure ?
Nani Book Store . How can I help you ?
Do you have the ' The man and the Sea ' by Ernest Hemingway ?
Yes , we have one copy left .
Next , please . Hello , may I help you , sir ?
Yes , I want to send a registered airmail letter to France .
Ok , it comes four dollars twenty cents .
Here is five dollars .
Here is your change . Please wait for your receipt of the registered mail .
I also want to pack up my package . This is the notes .
Let me see . En .. just a minute . Here it is . I need your signature on this note .
Oh , one more thing , where can I mail this letter ?
Drop it in the mail box mark out of town . at that corner .
Thank you very much .
excuse me , could you tell me which line I ' m supposed to stand in to buy bubble wrap and to post a package ?
you can buy the bubble wrap here , but you ' ll have to stand in line over here to post your passage .
that ' s a really long line . How long do you think it ' ll take to get through all those people ?
it takes about 3 minutes per person , so it ' ll probably be about an hour ' s wait .
can I buy stamps here ?
sure . How many would you like ?
I need 30 for my Christmas cards .
are you sending them abroad ?
twenty of them are going abroad to China and America .
do you have any going anywhere in the EU ? If you do , those are less expensive .
no .
ok , here you go . That will be 18 pounds and seventy two pence .
and the bubble wrap ?
that ' s another quid .
What time is our connecting flight ?
Let me check . Oh , oh ! It ' s at 3:25 .
Wow , that's cutting it close ! That means we only have 25 minutes to make the connection ! What gate is it at ?
It ' s at ... gate 14 .
Oh , great ! That ' s at the other end of the terminal !
OK , so here ' s the plan ; When we land , run to gate 14 !
Hey , Blake ! Are you still listening to Mozart ?
Yes . Do you like it ?
It's great . and I ' Ve heard that listening to Mozart can make you more intelligent .
Really ? I've never heard that before . I just like it .
Is classical music your favorite ?
Yes . What about you ?
I Like pop music best . Classical music is a bit too heavy for me . I can't get fully relaxed in it .
Pop music doesn't have any depth for me .
Yeah , that's why I can enjoy myself in it .
Did you always like pop music .
I think so , since I was in primary school . How long have you been interested in classical music .
I didn't like it at all until I started to learn violin when I was eight . From then on . classical music has been an important part of my life .
oh , I didn't know you can play the violin . Do you still play .
Guess who I saw just now ?
Who ?
John Smith , the escaped criminal .
That bad egg , who took the low road since he was a boy .
I think I must report to the cops .
Excuse me , are you Mrs . Green from England ?
Yes , I am .
I'm pleased to meet you , Mrs . Green . My name is Myra . I work in Beijing Institute of Technology . I came here to meet you .
How do you do ?
How do you do ?
It's kind of you to meet me at the airport .
Welcome to Beijing . Is this your first time in China ?
No , I have visited China several times , but it's my first visit to Beijing and I think it's a great honor to be invited to your beautiful city .
It's our pleasure to have you here . I hope you will have a pleasant stay here .
What are your personal weaknesses ?
I ' m afraid I ' m a poor talker . I ' m not comfortable talking with the people whom I have just met for the first time . That is not very good for business , so I have been studying public speaking .
Are you more of a leader or a follower ?
I don ' t try to lead people . I ' d rather cooperate with everybody , and get the job done by working together .
Do you think you can make yourself easily understood in English ?
Yes , in most circumstances .
Are you available for travel ?
Hello , Ken .
Hello , George .
Have you just been to the cinema ?
Yes , I have .
What ' s on ?
Paris in the Spring .
Oh , I ' Ve already seen it . I saw it on television last year . It ' s an old film , but it ' s very good .
Paris is a beautiful city . I have never been there . Have you ever been there , Ken ?
Yes , I have . I was there in April .
Paris in the spring , eh ?
It was spring , but the weather was awful . It rained all the time .
So , you ' re applying for a B2 visa , where is your final destination and what ' s the purpose of your trip to the United States ?
I ' m going to visit my brother . he ' s just had a baby . He lives in Minneapolis .
And how long do you you plan to remain in the United States ?
I ' ll be here for approximately three weeks . See , here ' s my return ticket for the twenty-sixth of March .
And , who is sponsoring your trip ?
My brother , here , this is an invitation letter from him . I will stay with him and his family in their home .
Alright , tell me about the ties you have to your home country .
Well , I own a house . actually , I ' m leaving my dog there with my neighbors . I have a car at home , and oh , my job ! I ' m employed by Tornal as an engineer . Actually , I only have three weeks ' vacation , so I have to go back to work at the end of March .
And what evidence do you have that you are financially independent ?
Well , I do have assets in my country . like I said , I own a house , and see , here ' s a bank statement showing my investments , and my bank balance .
Hey Julie , you want to go grab something to eat ?
Sure ! What do you feel like having ?
I really feel like having a big juicy steak !
Oh . OK . I don't eat meat , but that's fine , I am sure wherever we are going they will have other options right ?
I didn't know you were a vegetarian !
I'm not , I am a vegan .
A what ?
A vegan . I don't eat or use any animal based products . I don't wear leather , eat eggs , drink milk or anything that comes from an animal . I used to be a pescatarian before , which basically means you don't eat meat , but still have fish and seafood .
Wow ! That's interesting ! It must be tough !
We are looking for a bilingual secretary . Do you think you are proficient in both written and spoken English ?
I think my English is fairly good . As you can see from my CV , I graduated from university with a B . A . degree in English . I studied the English language and English literature systematically .
How are your typing and shorthand skills ?
How silly of you to jump out of the window !
But that was the first thing that came into my mind when I heard the shout earthquake !
Why not use staircases ? The terror was not so violent at that time .
That would be too late .
Maybe the situation is too urgent .
Hi . What's your name ?
My name is Jung Min . What's your name ?
My name is Jessica . It's nice to meet you .
Yes . It's nice to meet you too . Are you a new student too ?
No . I'm a sophomore . I take it you are a new student ?
Yeah . It's pretty exciting to be here .
Have fun while it lasts . The excitement wears off real quick . Especially after you see how much homework you get . Where are you from ?
I'm from Korea . My parents wanted me to go to an American university , so I came here .
I have never been to Korea . I've been to Japan before , but never Korea .
Why were you in Japan ?
My father thought it would be a good experience to take a vacation to a different country . He's so into learning about different cultures .
That's pretty cool .
I thought it would have been more fun if I went without my parents .
Well , if you ever want to visit Korea , I would be happy to show you around .
Thanks for the offer . I'll keep that in mind . Oh , the professor is coming . We'll talk more after class .
You don't look too well . Maybe you should take the day off from work .
I couldn't do that . I have an important meeting to go to today .
Do you feel ok ?
Not really . After a 12 - hour flight , I've got jetlag , and on top of that , I think I've also got the flu .
Why don't you call your secretary and tell her to reschedule the meeting ? You should really get some rest or you'll end up feeling even worse than you do now .
Could you feel my forehead and check to see if I have a fever ?
You're really hot . Let me get you some Tylenol to bring the fever down .
Ok . I'll stay home this morning and rest , but if I feel better in the afternoon , I'm going to the meeting .
Zach , what's that on your arm ?
I don't know . It looks a bit red , but I'm sure it's nothing .
It looks like you have a red rash all over you ! Are you allergic to anything ?
Just cats , but I don't think I was near any cats in the last couple of weeks .
I completely forgot about your cat allergy . I took care of a cat for my friend here a few days ago . Oh no . we'd better go to the doctor and get some medicine . Let's go .
Shouldn't we make an appointment first ?
We would , but let's just go and see if there's an opening now before it gets worse .
Excuse me . Do you mind if I try this on ?
Not at all . The changing rooms are just this way .
Thanks . It's a little tight . Do you have any in a larger size ?
Sure . I'll give you the next size up . That one is small , right ?
Yes . Also , I'm not so sure about the color .
It's getting late . I really have to go .
I hope we'll get together again soon .
I hope so . A good journey to you !
I had a big argument with david yesterday . I hope he ' s not still mad at me .
What did you argue about ?
He borrowed some money from me and I needed it back . He said he didn ' t have the money yet .
Well , he should pay you back . It ' s only fair .
Yes , but I got angry with him too quickly . He probably thought that I mistrusted him . I shouldn ' t have got angry .
Did you lend him a lot of money ?
Not much . I had to pay an unexpected bill , so I needed the money back .
Well , talk to him about it next time you see him . He probably feels as bad about it as you do . Close friends sometimes have disagreements . It ' s nothing unusual . Neither of you said anything really nasty , did you ?
No , we didn ' t . I guess you ' re right . We should patch things up .
Well , I'm afraid I must be going now . I have no idea it was so late .
Stay for dinner with us .
I'm afraid I can't . I have a dinner party at seven tonight . You see , I am going to England the day after tomorrow .
Well , I won't keep you then . It was very nice of you to come to see me .
It has been a pleasure . Goodbye .
Hey Mel ! Are you up for some tennis today ?
Sorry , I can ' t ! I have to go to work , pick up Jake and Maddie from school , and make them an afternoon snack , then take Jake to soccer practice and Maddie to dance class .
You sound exhausted . Maybe you should hire a nanny to help you out ! She can pick the kids up and take them to their after-school activities . She can also help you do some household chores , and run so
Oh , I don ' t know ... it ' s hard to find the right nanny . You have to consider her previous work experience , the responsibilities you give her , and how she interacts with the kids . I would love to have
I think you should definitely consider it ! This way you won ' t have to juggle such a busy schedule , and you ' ll still get to spend time with the kids in the evenings . I can refer you this great
Hello , the nurse said that you might have my test results in from the other day .
I would like for you to come in and talk about a few more tests that I would like to run .
Does this mean that you have bad news for me ?
I just want to talk to you about the tests that I want to run .
Can ' t you just tell me now ?
I don ' t know anything for certain . We always do a double check if there is a question .
I want to see you right away .
You can come in this afternoon . If you are feeling too stressed , feel free to bring a friend along .
I know for sure that something is wrong !
Whatever we do , we should do it above board .
You are right . We shouldn't do anything under the table .
Do you speak only English in the class , or does your teacher explain everything to you in Spanish ?
Oh , we never speak Spanish in class ! Miss . Parker speaks to us only in English .
I suppose she's right . Does she speak English very slowly ?
Not always . Sometimes we don't understand her . Then she has to repeat what she said .
It must be interesting to study English .
Mario and I are the best students in the class . Miss . Parker says that my pronunciation is very good .
Is English pronunciation easy or difficult ?
Hi . Have you got a personal computer ?
Certainly . What's the matter ?
I wonder if you often trade with others on the internet .
Sure . I often buy things or do business through it without going out to the physical stores .
Great ! It's just like viewless stores . But how can you shop or order on line or trade on line ?
That's simple . Just click the hyperlink , www . taobao . com or www . ebay . com , and you can see the specimen of the goods shown on the screen , and then you can place an order online with the sales company . And the goods will be delivered to your place .
Is the service charged ?
No . it's free .
Let's go now .
Did you watch the volleyball match last night ?
Yeah .
Who won ?
China .
What is the score ?
China beat Brazil three to zero .
It ' s nice meeting you .
It ' s nice to meet you , too .
I am happy to be speaking to a presidential candidate .
Would you like to ask me anything ?
What do you feel about gay marriage ?
I think everyone has the right to love who they want .
Would you legalize gay marriage ?
Yes , I would .
Many people won ' t like that .
I ' m sure they won ' t , but that ' s my view on gay marriage .
I really like you .
Could I have my bill , please ?
Certainly , sir .
I'm afraid there's been a mistake .
I'm sorry , sir . What seems to be the trouble ?
I believe you have charged me twice for the same thing . Look , the figure of 6 . 5 dollar appears here , then again here .
Honey , I need to have a talk with you .
Dad , I have to do my homework .
No , honey , why didn't you go to cram school last night ?
Dad , I don't want to talk about it now .
Honey , if you don't want to go to cram school , you should tell me the reason why .
What were you and Richard talking about earlier ? It looked intense .
Yeah , Richard said something to me that I didn't appreciate .
Oh , no . I know how insensitive he can be . What has he done now ?
He asked me how long it took me to learn English .
But , you were born and raised in California !
Yeah , but I get that sometimes . It doesn't matter how many generations my family has lived in the U . S . , we'll always be foreigners in their eyes .
What a racist ! How can you stand working with the guy ?
You know , Richard isn't such a bad guy . He made the comment out of ignorance , not malice .
So , what did you say when he asked you how long it took you to learn English ?
I told him 28 years . And , he knows I'm 28 years old since I just celebrated my birthday last week . He was puzzled for a minute , and then he got it .
Are you sure he really got the message ?
Yeah , I'm pretty sure since I then asked him how long it took him to learn English .
That's hilarious ! What did he say ?
He said , ' 36 years , ' and we both laughed about it . He apologized and now , it's all good .
Hello . Could you have a taxi pick me up before 10:00 a . m . ?
What is your address ?
I stay at No . 115 Fucking Road .
OK , a taxi will be there by 9:30 .
What are your rates ?
It is RIB 10 yuan initially and 2 yuan for each kilometer .
I have a lot of luggage . Will those fit in the taxi ?
Take it easy . I'll send a larger to pick you up .
John ? It ' s Susan Miller .
Hi , Susan . What ' s up ?
Do you know where that memo about office procedures is ? I want to give my secretary a copy .
So what do you think of my new dress ?
I think it's great ! I really like the color , and it goes really well with your eyes . I've actually been eyeing that dress at Maxine's for a while now , but I wasn't sure I could afford ninety-five dollars for a dress at the moment .
Um , ninety-five dollars ?
Yes , that's the price they were advertising it at . I was hoping it might go on sale soon . Why , how much did you pay for it ?
I bought it for one hundred and forty-five dollars at Helen's Boutique . I didn't know I could get it cheaper somewhere else .
Of course ! Everything at Helen's is overpriced , and they sell things that you can find at almost every other clothing store ! Why didn't you shop around ?
Thank you for lending me the book .
Sure . But it's a very difficult one , you need to have a dictionary at your elbow .
My friend Jean is very beautiful .
What's her figure ?
Perfect , and I like her charming eyes too .
What's the color of her eyes ?
Hi Paul . How are you , friend .
Not good . My cousin is driving me up the wall .
How so ?
He stays up untill all hours of the night , and he never lifts a finger to help .
Have you talk to him about it ?
Not yet , but I have to soon . He's eating me out of house and home . I caught him reading the fridge again last night
Ahahah , Maybe that will help you lose weight .
This is no laughing matter , Nick .
Sorry Paul . I couldn't help it . So why doesn't he give you a hand ?
He watch the tob too much . Now really I don't know . But I can't handle this much longer .
Margaret , do you think I should enroll in the science course ?
Yes , I think so , If you want to graduated this year , you've got to take a science course .
Right , I figure since you are doing premedical , you know about the very courses .
Well , I have to take biology , chemistry , maps and physics . what you need is a good introductory course for non-science majors .
Yes , I really weak in maps , I did poorly in high school .
Ms . Wang , this is Mr . Cooper , president of Ivy Publishing .
It's nice to meet you , Mr . Cooper .
Nice to meet you , Ms . Wang . You must be exhausted after your long trip from Canada .
Joe , how are you doing ?
I am great ! How about you , Mary ? How are you ?
I am doing great ! Thank you for asking , Joe .
I was wondering if you want to go see a movie with me tonight ?
I need to stay home tonight and finish my term paper .
OK . What about going to the movies on Friday night ?
What were you planning on seeing ?
I was thinking about seeing that one about the rapist serial killer .
How about " The Secret Life of Bees " ?
You look so happy , Anna . Any good news ?
Yes . I ' Ve won the first prize in the math contest .
Really ? Congratulations !
Thank you , Paul .
By the way , would you like to have dinner with me tomorrow evening ? Tomorrow is my birthday .
Good , happy birthday to you !
Not so soon . It ' s not my birthday today . Well , you ' ll come , won ' t you ?
Sure , I will . Thank you for inviting me .
Excuse me , i am a new student here . Could you tell me where the English Department is ?
It is in that brand new , tall building over there . On the 9th floor .
Where is the school cafeteria ?
It is the basement of that red building in front of the tower with big bells .
Where is the Computer Center ?
The Computer Center is on the first floor of the library .
Where is the library ?
The library is next to the Adminstration Building . The Adminstration Building is over there near the school ' s main entrance . There are school maps for free in the lobby of the Admin .
Thank you . I will go get one .
Sure . Glad to be of service . By the way , my name is Mike Sullivan . You will see me around a lot . I am running for President of the Student Government .
Well , hi ! My name is Eve Markowski . I am glad to meet you . With your friendly smile and helpful attitude . I am sure you will win .
Thanks you for the encouragement .
You are welcome . I ' d better go . Goodbye .
I hear that Mary got mad .
So I heard .
What ' s wrong with her ?
I can ' t stand being with you anymore . I'm sick of your drinking .
I swear never to drink again . Just give me another chance , please !
How many chances have I given you ? I don ' t trust you any more .
Good morning , Angela , how have you been lately ?
Morning , Michael . I ' Ve been very busy lately . One of our other vendors is going out of business and I ' Ve been searching for a suitable replacement .
Well , rest assured that you can count on us to be here for the long run , sitdown . Coffee ?
No , thanks . I ' Ve been trying to cut down on the caffeine .
Haha , I could never do that . I ' d be a zombie if I didn ' t have my morning coffee fix . Let ' s get down to business then .
Yes . I ' Ve come to talk with you about ordering the eight megapixel cameras for our new methone . The demand for phone cameras is growing , and Pear has been falling behind in the market .
That ' s great ! I ' m glad to hear that Pear has finally jumped on the bandwagon . Right now our contract is for the five megapixel cameras . Is Pear still interested in having those ?
No , we ' re changing all the cameras to eight megapixels . We were hoping that by making your company our sole supplier for cameras we could negotiate a better deal .
When was America discovered , Tony ?
I'm not certain . Do you know ?
America was discovered by Christopher Columbus in 1492 .
In a way that's right . But the Vikings travelled there long beforeColumbus . And what about the Red Indians ?
All right . Ask me a question now .
Who invented the electric light bulb ?
That's easy . It was invented by Edison .
Correct . Now for a harder question . Who will be the first men on Mars ?
I can't answer that . But I think Mars will be visited by men before theed of this century .
Ask me a question now .
All right . What is the nearest planet to the sun ?
OK , everyone . Gather around . Here are the rules . No tackling . No pushing .
You shouldn't grab someone else's shirt . That's a foul .
Play is stopped when the person with the ball is touched .
You can touch them only between the shoulder and the knees .
The touchdown lines are there and there . OK , let's play !
Why aren't you doing well in the class ?
Is there anything worth watching on another channel ?
I think there ' s a Western on .
Do you mind if we watch it . I ' d really like to see it .
Well , I really wanted to see the football game .
Football game ? Ok , and you know what comes on next ?
I believe there ' s a sitcom .
Are you interested in watching it ?
Let me look in the TV Guide first .
Oh , I am sorry . What's on Channel 2 at 10 pm ?
If I remember correctly , it's a quiz show .
Do you want to watch it ?
I'm really mad at Bob .
Ah , here we are .
This is the place I was telling you about .
Would you like to sit near the window ?
Good .
Let's have a look at the menu . Oh , there isn't a menu . Do you think you could ask the people at the next table if we could look at their menu ?
Welcome . What can I do for you , Madam ?
I hope you can give me some advice . I'm sick and tired of coming here or to the post office to pay my utility bills . It's such a long way from my home , but I checked and you are my nearest branch . Is there anyway I can do it from home ?
That's terrible . Unfortunately , we don't have that many branches outside the centre of town . What I'd advise you to do is set up a Direct Debit Service .
A Direct Debit Service ? What's that exactly ?
A Direct Debit means that every month we can arrange for all of your utility bills to come directly out of your account , no fuss , no hassle .
But how will you know how much I should pay ? I mean , I receive my bills , not you .
We set up an agreement with the , say , phone company . They tell us how much to pay them every month and we pay directly from your account . Of course , we are able to do this with all of the utilities companies .
We quarreled yesterday , and he picked up and left .
Terrible ! Does he want to divorce ?
I am not sure .
Hey , look , there is a circus show over there .
I'm not in the mood .
It's the circus .
I don't want to sit there and watch them torturing the animals .
Oh , come on , they give them treat too . Oh , look , that little monkey is so cute .
Cute ? Hope so .
Oh , it is coming to us , come on , Ben , get a banana to it .
Me ? No way , keep him away from me , please .
Why are you acting so strange today ?
I've said that I've got a problem with the circus . I'm not kidding .
I have to check out today . I'd like my bill ready by 10 this morning .
You can be sure of that , sir .
Hello ! How do I get more amenities ?
I'm sorry , sir . I'm not sure I understand .
I'm talking about the free stuff , like soap and shampoo .
Oh , I see . So , you're saying that you've already run out of your amenities .
No , no . I've got plenty left .
Now I'm confused again ! What is the problem ?
What am I going to do about souvenirs ?
Oh , I get it ! You want souvenirs !
Yes , I've got enough soap for my use , but no extra soap for souvenirs .
Sir , our souvenir shop carries all those items , and as a guest you get a discount .
Please ! Free souvenirs are the only true souvenirs .
Bill , do you know if the cafeteria around the corner's open today ?
Yes . They were open this morning when I came to work . They must've finished remodeling . Why do you want to know ?
Well , I thought that maybe we could go there for lunch today . That is , if you haven't promised to go with someone else .
That'd be wonderful , Peter . But I hope you're in a better mood than you were this morning .
I'm sorry I was such a grouch . It must've been the weather . When it rains I get depressed .
His grandfather is the richest person in the area .
What a miser ! He cycles to school every day .
His grandfather's money is not his .
We have the orientation this afternoon .
What ' s going to be covered in the orientation ?
The company introduction , our mission , vision , various policies , insurances , pension plan , company ID , batch , telephone , e-mail set-up and training .
Quite a lot . All them one afternoon ?
Yes , it is not easy .
I hate to go outside .
Me too .
Why do you hate to go outside ?
I meet too many jerks .
I agree .
This city is full of jerks .
Rude people are everywhere .
But what can you do ?
You can yell at them .
And they will yell back at you .
Yelling doesn't do any good .
How did you find your apartment ?
You can check on the bulletin boards at school for local housing .
What if I need a roommate ?
There are websites that can hook you up with a roommate .
How much do apartments cost around here ?
It depends on what you want . Do you want a one - or two-bedroom apartment ?
I just need a one-bedroom apartment .
That will probably cost you around twelve hundred dollars a month .
Would you come with me to look at apartments ?
Hey Rachael , what's up ? How is your day ?
Not bad . We have had a big meeting today , remember ?
Oh , yea . I forgot . So how did it go ?
Pretty well . I think the boss liked my ideas .
Great , so what happens now ?
What happened ? Why didn't he win ?
Didn't you hear ? He was disqualified .
How did that happen ? He's so talented ! I thought he had a great chance of winning a gold medal !
If he didn't have any drug problems , he would have won .
What ? What kind of drugs was he using ?
He was taking steroids to make him stronger and faster .
I thought that all athletes were supposed to be regularly tested for drugs .
They are . The only reason they didn't disqualify him until after the race is because the results from the text only came back afterwards .
That's so disappointing . I don't know why top athletes would feel the need to take drugs .
I don't think it's right , but I can understand why they might . Imagine how much pressure there would be to win for your country !
Regardless of how much pressure you're under , there's never a good reason to take drugs .
I agree . Hopefully with the new regulations , fewer athletes will try to cheat with drugs .
What date would you like to depart , sir ?
Do you have any seats for September 16th ?
Let's see ... I'm afraid the 16th is fully booked . But I have seats for the 17th .
The 17th will be fine .
And what date will you be returning ?
Hmm , I guess on the 28th .
Okay , you're booked on American Airlines flight 710 , departing JFK at 6
Do you think Tom will be elected president ?
No , I think Harry will get it .
Let's make a bet on who gets it .
Sorry , stewardess . Where shall I put my bags ?
You can place the smaller one in the overhead bin and put the bigger one under the seat in front of you .
Thank you very much .
Oh , so Dalian is hotter than New York now .
Not hot but warm . Very comfortable .
Are you staying at the Hilton ?
You are an outgoing person , quite easy to talk with .
Yes , my friends like to get along with me well .
Do you have many friends ?
Yes , I like to make new friends .
What do you usually do with them ?
Hey , what's new ?
Not much . Just sitting here eating some Chinese food . Is that the paper ? Why don't you open it and tell me my horoscope ?
Ok , wait a minute ... let's see . I'm a Taurus , and it says , Mars is in the third house , and is soon to eclipse Venus . I don't know what that means , but then it says , Your charm and drive will win others over to your way of thinking . Remember to be positive . Sounds good to me .
What about Gemini ? What's the prediction ?
Since Mercury has crossed paths with Jupiter , your fortunes are falling . Bad luck will follow you today , and you will lose that which you value . Be careful .
That sounds bad ! I'm really worried , what should I do ? Maybe I should go home and stay in the rest of the day .
How upsetting ! He has been away for a week !
I don't know if anything terrible has happened .
I have reported it to the police .
How may I help you ?
I ' m having a problem .
What problem are you having ?
There have been charges made on my debit card that I didn ' t make .
Do you have the statement for your card ?
Here it is .
What are the charges you ' re referring to ?
The last four charges on the page .
I ' m afraid we ' re going to have to investigate these charges .
How long will an investigation take ?
I honestly don ' t know , but we will freeze payment on these charges .
Do you have a minute ?
I want to buy a black suit .
Certainty . Do you want double breasted suit or single breasted suit ?
I prefer single breasted suit .
What about this one ? It's a very nice 3 - piece suit .
Hello , Miss Wu , This is Dan Robson calling from OTC limited . I'd like to check my last order . When exactly was it sent out ?
I can check that for you right now . Would you mind holding ?
Sure . No problem .
Mr . Robson , I'm sorry . Our computer system is down . Could I call you back later ?
Sure . Do you have my number ?
Yes , I have it right here . I'm so sorry about this .
Do you have any questions ?
Yes , do I have to work a whole year before I can take a vacation ?
Yes , after you ' Ve been here a year , you qualify for a three-day vacation
Only three days ?
That's the company policy .
What happens if I use up my sick days before the end of the year ? If I ' m sick an extra day or two , will my pay be deducted ?
Yes . That's the company policy .
David , I ' m going to China .
Really ? How did you get the chance ?
You know . I took part in the Chinese contest . I was the best and they gave me this reward . I don ' t have to pay for my trip .
Congratulations . How lucky you are !
Thank you . I ' m leaving tomorrow morning .
I ' m sure you ' ll enjoy the trip . China is such a beautiful country .
I ' m sure I will .
Have a nice journey , Lily .
That dress is very pretty . Why don ' t you like it ?
It ' s too loud .
We ' Ve been looking around for many hours . What on earth are you looking for ?
Well , you know , those styles or colors don ' t suit me .
What style do you want ?
I want to buy a V-neck checked sweater , and it should be tight .
Oh , I see . How about the color ?
Quiet color .
I know a shop selling this kind of sweaters .
Good morning . Craftsman Company . Can I help you ?
Yes , good morning . This is Mr . Suzuki from Video TV . May I speak to Mr . Johnson ?
I'm sorry , but Mr . Johnson is out at the moment . Can I take a message ?
Uh , yes , okay . Tell him John Suzuki called . That's S-U-Z-U-K-I .
Yes .
From Video TV .
Yes , Video TV .
Tell him I telephoned . I'd like to see him about the videotapes . Can he call me this afternoon ?
Yes , Of course . What's your telephone number ?
It's , area code 413 , 447-9626 .
That is 413-447-9662 ?
No , that's 447-9626 .
Oh , I'm sorry , 447-9626 .
Yes , that's right . Extension 162 .
Extension 162 . Okay , Mr . Suzuki . I'll give him the message .
Thank you . Good-bye .
Do you think they two will get married ?
Yeah , you can count on it .
I think so . Yes , they get along so well .
I like him . He's good for her .
What can I do for you , miss ?
I am looking for a pair of shoes .
Do you like high heels or flat shoes ?
Aren't you Jim Green ?
Yes , that's right .
I believe we met at a concert last year . I'm Taylor .
What kind of gas does this car take ?
I don't know . It's a rental .
I will give you premium unleaded . Alright ?
Sure , why not ?
That is the pump you are in front of .
Is it expensive ?
It is the most expensive .
Well , I don't want it then . Can I move to another pump ?
Yes , I can give you regular unleaded . But you have to back up the car a little .
Give me regular unleaded then . I will back up . Can you wash my windows for me ?
I'm sorry , sir . This is not a full service gas station . I will help you fill the gas , but we don't wash windows here .
How many people are there in your family ?
Five . My father , mother , brother , sister-in-law and me .
Is your brother older or younger than you ?
What's the matter , John ? you seemed to be restless today .
You see , I've been offered a new job . I can't decide whether to take it or not .
Oh , that's easy . If it's better than the one you are doing now , go for it . That's my advice .
It isn't that easy . I hate to quit my present job . People around here are very nice and the work itself is challenging .
Then what about the salary ? Would you get more ?
Yes , they say I would get a big sum .
Have you discussed it with your wife ?
Yes , she leaves it to me .
As I say it the work is well worth try . After all you can get a higher salary .
I feel like going for a drink , it's been a long day .
Great idea ! Peter , I could use the drink .
How about the new bar across the road ?
Sounds good . The food there is fantastic too .
I agree , I had lunch there last week .
Hi , Alice , what are you doing this sunday ?
Nothing really , why , what ' s up ?
If you are free , maybe you would like to go to a small party and having for my birthday party . It will be fun , you will get to know lots of people .
Sounds great , I'd very much like to accept your invitation , thanks , when ?
Around six pm .
Do you need help setting up or anything ? I don't mind . I like to do that kind of thing . It's fun and I have a good eye for decorating .
No . thank you . I can handle it , but thanks for the offer .
Ok , I will see you then .
Honey , I ' ll be right back !
Where are you going ?
I told you already ! I ' m going to get my nails done .
Again ? You just went last week ! You spend more time at the nail salon than you do here at home ! Honestly , why do you need a manicure every week ?
Well , first of all , I like to pamper myself , and my nails look great . You should come with me !
Why ? I don ' t want to have nail polish or anything like that !
They don ' t only paint my nails ! The manicurist will remove my cuticles , file my nails , and apply at least nails coats of nail polish !
I'll be willing to come and talk about the financing of our imports .
It can be solved by drawing a draft on us at 90 days sight .
What about a draft at 120 days sight ?
All right . But we demand the draft be accepted by a bank acceptable to us .
A bank's acceptance will add to the costs of our imports . You can rest assured that we will accept the draft and honour it when it comes due .
Then we will be in a position to arrange for a loan from our bank . You know we exports would like to have our investments returned as early as possible .
I hope this transaction will pave the way for further business relations between our two countries .
I want something sweet after dinner .
What do you have in mind ?
A dessert sounds nice .
What kind are you thinking of getting ?
I want to get some pie .
What kind of pie do you want ?
I have no idea .
Do you want to know what kind of pie I like ?
Sure , what kind do you like ?
I love apple pie .
Oh , I love apple pie too .
The product's selling points is its advanced technoledge .
Unfortunately , it's just too expensive for majority of consumer to afford .
Why is the price so high ?
It's not just that the price is high , it's that the overhead to update an entire computer system to be compatible is costly .
Model of computers aren't compatible ?
Most current computer systems simply can't handle it because this model truly has extraordinary capabilities .
Maybe after the next generation of technology comes out , the price of this model will become more affordable .
But by then , the technology will be outdated .
True , but our focus has never been affordability anyway . Coastwise , we may not be very competitive , but qualitywise , we definitely have an edge .
That's right , no one else has a product on the market now that is comparable .
This model has advanced technoledge , superior components , it is compact , and it's a top-quality product .
I am calling to consult you about the job as a copywriter .
Yes , what do you want to know ?
The information is scanty for me . And can you describe the responsibilities of the position ?
Marketing manage office , can I help you ?
Mr Green , please .
Sorry , he's out .
What time you suspect back them ?
Sorry , I am not sure , can I take a message ?
No , thanks . I'll call back later .
That's fine . please call again later .
Have you heard what happened ?
Heard what ?
Deborah already had her baby .
I didn't know that .
I thought you knew .
I honestly didn't know .
The baby was 8 pounds 6 ounces .
That's good to hear .
Will you go and visit them ?
Of course I will .
I just wanted to give you the good news .
The air conditioning is not working ! We need to call a handyman before we start to fry in here !
Dan is on top of that . I think they are also getting the handyman to fix the bathroom toilet that keeps clogging up .
That would be convenient . They might as well ask him to fix the electrical wiring . The circuit breakers keep going out all the time . It ' s really annoying !
Yeah you are right . This office is falling apart ! Frank told me the other day that the gutters outside were clogged and that ' s why the parking lot was flooded .
What do you think of this one ?
Eh , so so .
And this one ? Too flashy ?
Nah , not too flashy .
Hug ! And this sweater from my aunt ? Isn ' t it hideous ?
I guess .
Are you even listening ? I ' m trying to have a conversation with you .
And I ' m trying to watch the game , but you ' re yapping on about your new clothes !
Well I have to decide which gifts to keep and which to exchange for better ones when I go to the Boxing Day sales this afternoon !
Well could you do me the favor of making this quick ? It ' s the third quarter and you ' Ve been blabbering on since the first !
Oh , your precious game . You watch the same game every year , and each year your beloved hometown team loses by at least three goals !
Oh no you didn ' t . You didn ' t just insult the Sals-bury Seals , did you ? Why don ' t you just . just go and return all of those stupid clothes and not come back until the sales are over ?
What time does the train for Tibet leave ?
It will leave at 3:00 p . m .
When does it arrive ?
It should be due in at 7:30 a . m . tomorrow .
How much is the ticket ?
It's 86 coach and 175 berths
What type of people do you work with most effectively ?
I tend to work well with people who are confident and straightforward . It ' s more difficult for me to be around timid people , because I move quickly and I am decisive .
What things impress you in your colleagues ?
I admire and work best with people who are of good character and integrity . I also think confidence and enthusiasm is positive in any business environment .
What are some of the things your supervisor did that you disliked ?
The only thing I really don't like is to get feedback in front of others . I want to hear good and bad feedback in private , so that I have time to think and react to the issue without other distractions . I believe that's the fair way to improve learning or to change future behavior .
How do you organize and plan for major projects ?
I love to brainstorm a best , worst , and most likely scenario . Then , I set a timetable that's realistic . What I usually find is that some combination of my schedule easily as these things unfold because I've already visualized what could happen and how I'd react .
Describe an experience when you had to work under great pressure .
I had to complete an end of quarter report once while I was on the road for two consecutive weeks . The amount of telephoning back and forth was incredible , because I could't bring my office files with me . Luckily I had a great secretary and a logical filling system , so we located everything we needed .
How do you manage your time in a typical day ?
I've always given priority to work with established clients , because they offer a better risk / return value . The last thing I do is general correspondence , especially internal correspondence , which I take care of at the end of the day or week .
Describe a time when you acted on someone's suggestion .
How do you spend your day , Helen ?
Well , on weekdays I get up around ten . Then I read the paper for an hour and have lunch at about noon .
Really ? What time do you go to work ?
I start work at three .
And when do you get home at night ?
I get home pretty late , around midnight .
So what do you do , exactly ?
I'm a TV announcer . Don't you recognize me ? I do the weather report on KNT !
Do you watch a lot of TV ?
Not really . I could take it or leave it .
Not me . I have to have my TV and watch whatever comes on .
I wonder if I can see your mother , little boy . Is she engaged ?
Engaged ? She ' s married .
Johnny , I wish you ' d stop reaching for things . Haven ' t you a tongue ?
Tim ' s smiles are interesting .
Yes , they are shy and gentle but very powerful .
You are right . They sweep Nancy off her feet . And now she fell head over heels in love with him .
Do you have anything to do after this ?
No , I don't .
Shall we drop in somewhere for a couple of drinks ?
That sounds like a good idea .
I know a very interesting place .
Nice day , isn't it ?
It sure is .
Man , I'm hungry . Do you know a good place to have lunch ?
Yes , I know a great place . What types of food do you like ?
Mexican , Japanese or Chinese would be great .
Oh , I know a place where you might like to eat .
Is it close by ?
It's down a block on the right ; can I show you the way ?
OK , I'd love the company .
Please fill in the arrival card and sign the register .
All right . Which room shall I have ?
Good morning , I would like to reserve a berth .
Which train do you like ?
T112 to Washington please .
May I have your name ?
Have you adapted to the lifestyle in China ?
Yeah , almost . But there is one thing .
What ?
I still wonder what privacy meant for Chinese people . I don't mean to say that there's no privacy in China , but ...
What is it ?
Some of my Chinese colleagues just share their personal stories in front of others .
That makes you feel uncomfortable ?
Yeah . we never do that in a public office .
Perhaps that's because we hold different ideas about privacy .
I have felt that . One day when i was in a queue , reading a newspaper story , the man behind me peered through my shoulder and stared at the newspaper I was holding .
Well , that's not rare . I've seen people reading at others ' newspaper while taking a metro or a bus .
Just stare at the newspaper holding in the hands of the one next to him ?
Yeah .
Steven , shall we go shopping tomorrow ?
Hum ... Why not go shopping the day after tomorrow ? Tomorrow is Saturday . I hate all the hustle and bustle of Saturday shopping .
But Sunday is the same with Saturday . If you don ' t mind , that's OK .
Hum . Maybe it will be better . The most important thing is that I can have a day to relax after a week's work .
I see . We will go the day after tomorrow .
By the way , what kind of stores do we need to go ?
I want to buy some clothes in clothing store . When we are going back , go to the butcher's shop and buy some chicken .
Let ' s also go to the jewelry store to buy a crystal necklace . I want to buy one for you as your birthday present .
Here is the fish counter . Look at the lobsters and crabs . Shall we have some ?
I'm allergic to these things , you know .
Sorry , I forgot . I don ' t like seafood , neither .
Let ' s go over there and get some milk , a couple dozen eggs and some orange juice .
Let's get frozen juice . It is really good . We ' Ve got enough food . Let ' s go over to the check-out stand .
How about you and Tom ? What time is your wedding ?
Don ' t be kidding , OK ?
What ' s the matter ? So angry . I ' m just playing a joke with you .
Sorry . I didn't mean to be late . Can I come in ?
What's your excuse this time ?
Have I used the one that my sister is sick ?
Yes , twice last week .
Are you sure ? I thought I said it was my mother .
I don't think so . But it could've been .
Well . You can trust me this time . My sister is definitely sick . I'm just coming from the hospital . They say she might even die .
I don't buy your story . Try not to have any more sick relatives this week , all right ?
I'll do my best .
Just try to be a little more punctual in the future .
I'm so glad I bought this watch !
Cool ! Flashy red lines !
I think this is the coolest watch I've ever owned .
Is it waterproof ?
Isn't that a silly question ? You know how much of an athlete I am .
Uh , huh ... so what kind of sports do you need a waterproof watch for ?
Is there anything else , apart from the Credit Rating and Debt to Asset Ratio ?
There is the Balance of Net Liabilities . This must not exceed its net assets and no business loss can be shown during the past two years .
Right , OK . That , again , shouldn't be a problem .
And the total ratio of return on assets should not be lower than the average , for that particular industry , for the first two quarters of the year .
Well , as far as I can tell , we qualify .
Hi , Sam . I want to buy a pet . Do you have any ideas ?
You really should go to Rachel's pet store .
Why ? anything special there ?
It's more than special . You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more .
Oh , really ? are there any snakes ?
Snakes ? there are even rodents and monkeys ! it's a world of exotic pets .
That's terrific . I can't wait to check it out .
Hang on . are you sure you want to keep a non-traditional pet ?
Why not ? it's so cool .
But it will pose a risk to your health .
Pardon ?
I mean , most reptiles carry some harmful bacteria , they are likely to cause immune system problems .
Well , I didn't realize that .
I don't believe it's a good choice to keep those pets , especially for families with young children .
Oh , I should have thought of my brother's baby girl . Maybe I'll just have a dog instead of an exotic pet .
Good evening . What'll you have ?
I'd like a beer . What kind of beer do you have ?
Draft beer and cans beer . Which do you prefer ?
A draft beer please .
OK . Here you are .
Could I have some fruit ?
I prefer potatoes to eggplants .
I feel eggplants are more nutritious .
But as a matter of fact , potatoes taste better .
Want to send out for some Chinese ?
Some what ?
Some Chinese food . I'm hungry , and there's a take-out restaurant near here . We can have them deliver and then watch the news on TV while we eat .
No , I'd rather go out . The Chinese food here is rather different from what I had at home . Maybe we can try some other food today ... What about that all-you-can-eat place we passed the other day , the one over in the shopping center ?
Okay . I could go for that . It's called Al's Steakhouse . They also have great fried fish , and I love their salad bar . You can go back to refill your plate as often as you like .
Is that the place that serves such large portions of meat ?
Yes , their steaks are enormous . Sometimes I can't finish what I've ordered .
What if that happens to me ? I hate to let food go to waste .
Have you ever tried shopping online ?
No , never . I prefer to actually see and touch what I'm buying before I pay for it , especially for clothes and shoes .
That's right . Seeing is believing .
I've heard some friends say when they get the article , it's quite different from what they see on the website advertisement .
That happens . Without close quality examination , we may encounter fraud , and the e-shop may suddenly disappear .
What's more , it's not always so safe for us to pay online as hackers might steal the user name and password .
It's said that some measures have been taken to deal with this problem . Paying online is much safer than before , but I still have the feeling that it's not safe enough .
I can't agree more . that's why I only do street shopping .
Me too . Sometimes I surf online shops to check some related information , and then go to a physical store to do the actual shopping .
I am so happy to know that the promotion campaign for our new product is very successful . We just made a record sale this season .
That is very encouraging news . I heard that the marketing department has done a three months research , they sent the feedback information to the research and development center by the end of every month . That is to say , the R & D center redesigned the product twice before it was launched into the market .
It is not an easy job . How do you like the advertisement for the new product ?
That is the best one I have seen . I am sure our target customers , young people will love it .
This is the Bell Captain's Desk . May I help you ?
Yes , I've been waiting for my bags to be sent up for the last half hour . Where are they ?
I'm very sorry to hear that . May I have your name and room number , please ?
Yes , it's Yao Lan . Room 406 .
And how many pieces did you have ?
Two suitcases and a handbag . The suitcases are blue and the shoulder bag is red .
Is there a name tag attached to them ?
Yes , there is .
Do you think my briefcase is big enough to put in all these stuff ?
Let me see . Laptop , flash disk , a ballpoint pen , a pencil , a notebook , a pair of glasses , cell phone , charger , moisture lotion , ... Oh , that is too much . You are not going to a business trip .
I guess I need all of them .
Actually , the company will provide you with all of these supplies . So , you can leave this very thick notebook at home .
I know . But it is my lucky charm . I carry it all the time .
did you know that abortion is still illegal in many states in the USA ?
why ? I thought Americans were supposed to be more open than that .
well , for many religious people , they believe that people who abort their babies are murderers .
do you think most people in America believe that abortion is wrong ?
no , I think it's mostly the older generation who are against abortions .
it's no wonder there are so many teenage pregnancies in America .
religious people blame it on pre-marital sex , not on abortion being illegal .
what do you think about abortion ?
I personally would never want to have one , but I think that since a pregnancy can affect a woman's entire life , she should have the right to decide for herself .
do you think the fathers should have some kind of say in the matter ?
I know this is going to sound sexist , but I don't think that men should have to give their approval to the mothers of their children .
why not ? It's their children , too .
that may be true , but when a woman gets pregnant , it changes her life completely . Men can still carry on with their lives after the birth exactly as they did beforehand .
Hi . I ' m here to catch flight 513 to New York .
May I see your ticket please ?
Here you are . Do you need to see my passport ?
Any form of picture I . D . will do .
Mmmm ... a photo I . D . I have my New Jersey driver ' s license . Is that ok ?
That will do . What an interesting picture ! How old is it ?
Actually it wad taken just last year , but I had a shaved head and a beard . Can you still recognize me ?
Barely . Will you be checking any luggage today ?
Yes , One suitcase . I also have a carry-on bag .
You're not looking happy . What's the matter ?
Oh , nothing special . I'm just a bit tired .
With the job ?
With everything , with everybody , with all this !
A good suggestion for you . You need a holiday .
It wasn't always like this , you know .
What do you mean ?
Well , I mean . We always do the same thing . There's no variety in our lives .
You need a holiday . That's what's the matter .
Did you pack this bag yourself ? Has it been out of your possession at any time before checking-in ?
Yes , I packed it myself , and it hasn ' t been out of my possession .
Are you bringing in any plants or animal products ?
No .
Our sniffer dog seems to disagree . Do you mind if we look in your suitcase ?
Not at all . Go right ahead .
What ' s this sir ?
It ' s traditional Chinese Medicine . I mix it with hot water like tea . Sorry . I forgot about it .
What are these red things sir ?
Oh no ! I forgot about those too ! Those are Chinese sausages for my Aunt Lily .
May I help you with something ?
I would like to return some books .
I ' ll take them .
Here you go .
These books were due two weeks ago .
Yeah . I totally forgot they were due .
You will need to pay late fees on these books .
How much are the late fees ?
The fee is 25 cents every day .
I have to pay 25 cents a day ?
And that ' s for each book that is late .
I'd like you to do me a favor .
What is it ?
Can you mail this at the post office for me ? I have to go to the doctor for an appointment and I don't have enough time to go to the post office .
How would you like your hair set ?
I'd like to have it in big waves .
Hello , Oriental Hotel .
I'd like to speak to Michael Baker , please .
I'm sorry , Mr . Baker is not in . May I take a message ?
Yes . Tell him Mr . Cook called and ask him to return my call soon as he gets back .
I am calling to ask about the position of an usher .
Anything you would like to know ?
What qualities do you expect the applicants to have ?
Now please tell me something about your past work achievements .
All right , madam . When I was sales manager at the Beijing Friendship Store . I succeeded in raising the yearly sales volume by 25 % and profit margins from 50 % to 80 % .
That is quite an achievement ! Do you consider it your most rewarding work experience ?
I don't think so . I'll create further achievement in the future .
Have you received any honors ?
Yes . I got the title of " Advance Worker " in 2006 .
Do you have any publications ?
Peter , how often do you exercise ?
Well , I swim and run every day .
Now , tell me , what do you eat ?
Well , I don't eat any meat , but I do eat fish and eggs .
Do you eat a lot of vegetables ?
Oh yes , and fruit , I love fruit .
What do you drink ?
( A stranger stops to help ) Everything OK ?
No ! My tour bus got a speeding ticket not ten minutes ago . Now my engine is on fire !
I think that's just steam . Your engine's overheated .
Do you know a lot about cars ?
A little bit . I'll take a look if you want me to .
Please . Thank you so much for stopping .
Yeah , she's hot . Radiator's leaking . Looks like you were running her pretty hard .
That must have been just before I got the speeding ticket .
Did you have an accident recently ... Hey , wait a second ! I know this car !
You do ?
I ran into it a couple of weeks ago . What do you know ? Name's Hal .
I'm Akimbo . Nice to meet you , I guess .
Boy , I'm sure sorry about your car . Hey , Akimbo , I wonder if you'd like to make a deal ?
What kind of deal ?
I'd like to give you cash for the damage to your car .
You don't want your insurance company to pay for it ?
I'd rather not . They'll raise my rates . It'll cost me more in the long run .
If you give me cash , do you care if I don't fix the car ?
Hell , I don't care . Just don'T submit a report to your insurancecompany .
Hey , Tom , did you enjoy your lunch ?
Oh , don't mention it . It was terrible .
What ' the matter ?
The food station was as crowded as usual . I waited for 20 minutes for my sandwich , and when I finally got it the chicken was underdone .
I see . You simply can't blame the server for this .
Yes , I know . Fast food is so popular in this district .
That's true .
Anyway , how was your such , Catherine ?
It was good . I brought lunch from home today .
You did ? I thought you must feel right at home here as we get as many fast food restaurants as you do in America .
Well , I personally don't like them because I don't believe that they are healthy .
I guess you're right . More often than not , people go there only for convenience . The foods may taste good , but generally speaking , they are high in calories , salt and fat .
Yes . I am wondering that you must believe fast food is our lifestyle , don't you ?
You bet . Almost all top brands such as McDonald's and KFC are from America .
Well , actually two-thirds of Americans may avoid these places .
Seriously ?
Hello , is that Cathy speaking ?
Yes , is that you , Allen ?
Yes , how are you doing ?
Not bad .
Say I've got two tickets for the concert this evening . Would you like to come with me ?
Sure . Thank you very much .
Then I ' ll pick you up at six thirty . OK ?
Ok , see you .
Can we have a table for three , please ?
Sorry , all the tables for three are reserved .
Do you have a table for four , please ?
Yes , smoking or non-smoking ?
We'd like a non-smoking table , please .
The bartender just gave the last call . Let's order another round , okay ?
Sure , but let's get a pitcher this time We should be able to down it before they close .
That sounds good . You order the beer while I go to the bathroom . Where is the can in this place ?
It's all the way to the back . See that yellow door ?
Yeah . I think I can find it .
You're back already . That sure was quick .
That's because I just took one step inside and turned right around . That bathroom is too gross for me .
Well , the bartender wouldn't give me the pitcher of beer . Anyway . He said it was too close to closing time .
Let's leave then . I could take some fresh air , anyway .
Have you heard of Paul ?
No , what ?
He's got a promotion .
You're kidding .
No , they made him vicepresident in charge of sells .
Oh , I don't believe it . He is only being with the company for two years .
Well , it's true . The board man last thirdly and they choice Paul .
Do you consider yourself a good mother ?
Yes , I'm a very good mother and successful career woman .
How can you manage to do both ? I mean , it is so hard to be a working mother .
I think the most important thing is that you should be nice to yourself , like keeping housework simple , spending money on things that make life easier , buying yourself things you like , and so on . You can only be nice to others when you can be nice to yourself .
Does your husband feel the same ?
Tell me about yourself .
I was born and raised in Beijing . I attended Peking University and received my bachelor's degree in Economics . I have worked for 2 years as a financial consultant in Beijing for China Pacific Insurance Co . Ltd .
What type of position are you looking for ?
I'm looking for a position in which I can utilize my experience .
Are you interested in a full-time or part-time position ?
I am more interested in a full-time position . However , I would also consider a part-time position .
Can you tell me about your responsibilities at your last job ?
I advised customers on financial matters . After I consulted the customer , I completed a customer inquiry form and catalogued the information in our database . I then collaborated with colleagues to prepare the best possible package for the client . The clients were then presented with a summarized report on their financial activities that I formulated on a quarterly basis .
What is your greatest strength ?
I am an excellent communicator . People trust me and come to me for advice . One afternoon , my colleague was involved with a troublesome customer who felt he was not being served well . I made the customer a cup of coffee and invited both my colleague and the client to my desk where we solved the problem together .
What is your greatest weakness ?
I tend to spend too much time making sure the customer is satisfied . However , I began setting time-limits for myself .
Why do you want to work for our company ?
After following your firm's progress for the last 3 years , I am convinced that your company is becoming one of the market leaders and I would like to be a part of that team .
When can you begin ?
My dear , what's for supper ?
Red cooked carp and rape with fresh mushrooms .
What about soup ?
Sour-peppery soup .
Which condiment do you use for ?
I'll use ginger , garlic scallion , hot pepper and vinegar .
Very good , need I help you ?
No , don't need , I can do myself .
Thanks . I can watch TV now .
But you must cook that dinner next time .
Tom , I won first prize in the poetry contest .
Come on ! You're pulling my leg .
Really ! Here's my trophy .
My son came home from three years in the navy .
It was a real red letter day for you .
How do you do ?
How do you do ? Nice to meet you , Ms . Smith . I ' m Jack Stevens from the Marketing Department . Here is my card .
It ' s nice to meet you , Mr . Stevens .
Please call me Jack . Have a seat , please .
OK . Come back into the classroom , class .
Does the class start again , Mam ?
Yes , but to the heath , this break has long enough .
Oh , breaktime flies .
Come on , baby . It ' s time now .
Mam , another minute , could I ?
I know you have a son . How old is he ?
He's going to turn six next month .
Who is looking after him ?
My mother-in - law . She retired last year .
You really are lucky !
Hello , I want to apply for the position of an usher in your restaurant .
Welcome . One of your duties is to know the number of the customer and accept reservation .
What else do I need to do ?
Do you want to hang out tomorrow ?
Oh , I can't . I have a date !
Really ? Wow with who ?
This girl I've been chatting with for the past couple of months . She's really cool and she's driving over here this weekend .
Wait a minute , you mean you met her online ?
Yeah ! I signed up for a website called match @ . com and it is great ! You fill in all your details and preferences , like if you are a smoker or if you have any pets . Then you find people that have similar characteristics and you can email them or chat .
That is kind of weird ! What if she is a psycho or something like that ?
It's the same as meeting people anywhere and dating them ! I am just tired of going to bars or being set up for dates by my friends ! I think this is a really cool alternative , especially if you are a bit shy .
I am so glad I caught you at home . I need your help !
What's up , Robert ?
Cafe au lait , cafe latte , cappuccino , cafe mocha ... I can't keep them all straight !
Slow down . What are you talking about ?
Mike ! Look at the floor !
What's wrong with it ?
What's wrong with it ? It's filthy !
Oh ...
It's filthy because you never wipe your shoes .
Sorry , love .
What are you looking for now ?
My cigarettes .
Well , they ' re not here . They are in the dustbin .
Who do you think is the greatest novelist in the history of English literature ?
Charles Dickens . Actually no one can parallel him in writing .
I am calling to find out why I didn ' t receive an unemployment check this week .
Did you send in your Continued Claim Form for the last period ?
I think I forgot to send it in !
You need to be very careful to send that form in every two weeks if you want to get paid .
Can I send it in now ?
You should look at your claim form and see if it has been more than fourteen days since it was due . If it hasn ' t been , we will still accept it .
Can I mail it in early next time so it isn ' t late ?
Actually , you cannot mail it in early , as it needs to reflect all of the information up to the due date .
Will my paycheck come right away now ?
911 emergency . What is the problem ?
I would like to report a break-in .
When was this break-in ?
I believe it happened last night .
Where was the break-in ?
It happened at my house .
Was anything stolen ?
I haven't checked yet .
Why do you think there was a break-in ?
My front window was broken .
We'll send a squad car shortly .
How are you wedding plans going ?
Very well . We started organizing everything early to avoid a last minute rush to get things done . The only thing that isn ' t ready yet is my wedding dress .
When will that be ready ?
The dressmakers said that is would be ready in two weeks .
You ' re getting married in three weeks . So that should be ok . So , you ' Ve prepared the church , catering , transport , hotel-everything .
Yes . We ' Ve taken care of all of that . We decided not to get married in a church though . Neither of us is very religious .
Which hotel will the reception be held at ?
The palace hotel they ' re taking care of the catering , including the wedding cake . I ' m sure they ' ll do a good job .
Oh , yes . It ' s and excellent hotel . A friend of mine had her wedding reception there and said it was perfect , though very expensive .
Yes . It will be expensive , but we think it will be worth it . It gives us great peace of mind to know that our reception is in the hands of experienced people .
I have just received your note which informs me that you have offered the accountant position to another candidate . May I ask why I was defeated ?
We have thought of you carefully with discretion , but the other candidate has more experiences .
Experience is important , but don't you think capability is more valuable than that ?
Yes , I think so . But how do you prove to me that you are more capable ?
Maybe you can hire me on trial . If I'm not qualified for the job , you can let me go .
We are going to have a picnic tomorrow at the picnic center .
That's great .
Now let's get things ready .
Don't worry . There are all kinds of things in the center .
I would like to buy a bottle of cleansing milk . Can you recommend me some kinds ?
Sure . What kind of skin do you have ?
My skin is oily .
Then I advise you to buy the LAY cleansing milk .
Hi , Mary . I haven't seen you in ages ! I heard that you and Daniel are getting married on August 8th , the opening day of the 2008 Olympic Games . Is it true ?
Yes , it is . We've been dating for over 7 years . We have decided to get married on a special day and we think August 8th , 2008 is a red-letter day .
Good for you ! It sounds like you've done a lot of planning in a very short time .
Yes , there is a lot of to be taken care of---wedding photos , wedding dress , catering , transport , hotel , etc ...
Is everything ready now ?
Almost . The only thing that isn't ready is the hotel . As a lot of people have chosen that day to get married , it is hard to find a hotel that isn't too expensive .
Have you tried The Peninsula Palace Beijing ? My wedding reception was held there and they did an excellent job .
Yes , we called , but it is booked up . The only choice is the Regent Beijing but we haven't made up our minds yet .
It's an excellent hotel . A friend of mine had her wedding reception there and said it was perfect , though very expensive .
That's why we want to have a look at other hotels . We don ' t want to spend too much on an extravagant wedding reception .
I guess you're right . I can help you ask other hotels . I am sure there are probably some available .
Thank you .
Do you have maps of downtown area ?
Yes , here you are .
How much is it ?
It's free of charge .
Only one . But I wanted to make sure I'd get it .
Yeah , I really wanted that Chanel bag , too . But just in case you should bid low .
But there are only two more days until the bidding closes !
I bid on a Chanel watch at the last minute , and got it sixty percent off !
Oh ... I'm such a newbie . But at least I'm sure I'll get that tennis racket .
Don't count on it , Babe . eBay is always full of surprises .
I ' m fed up with marriage .
Why do you say so ? Everyone admires that you have a good wife .
Oh , no . When we were poor , we often tried our best to make ends meet . It was a hard time .
But now you are rich .
And we have some squabbles on some boring things .
Can you help me do an internet search ?
Sure . What do you want to find ?
I want to find information on the American Civil War .
Well , can you be more specific ? There are a lot of websites about that .
Yes , I want to know about the battle of Gettysburg .
O . K . Well , go to google . com , and type in " Battle of Gettysburg . "
Oh wow , there are a lot of sites .
Here , try this one . It ' s a good site about Gettysburg .
Thanks .
For detailed information , however , you should read a history book .
Can you give me more details on what is included in the package ?
Sure . The coach leaves at 6:30 a . m . , in front of our office . The drive takes eight hours , with two stops to see some sights .
What about the hotel accommodations ?
You'll be staying at Holiday Inn . It's a three-star hotel with two restaurants and a swimming pool .
Great . What types of things will we do at Lushun Falls ?
Uh-oh . We don't have a flashlight .
Don't worry . We'll make it back to the camp site before dark .
the James ' s file , Christine ?
I had it right here a minute ago , Mr . Emory . Umm . Just a minute ...
Christine , I know you ' re new here and there ' s a lot to learn , but you are going to have to learn to keep your work in better order . We can ' t afford to lose an important document .
I'm hungry .
So am I .
Where should we go eat today ?
How about we go eat in the cafeteria ?
I never bought food from the cafeteria .
You haven't ? They have a lot of good stuff .
What do they have ?
They sell everything .
Well , I want Chinese food .
I've gotten chow mein from there before .
I guess we can eat there then .
Over here is our gym . We have all the latest equipment .
But I haven't used exercising equipment before . Can you tell us some more details ?
Certainly . We have here the race apparatus , stationary bike , muscle builder set , chest expander , bar bell , dumb bell and so on .
Working in the gym is a very good way for losing weight . What else do you have ?
Here's the swimming pool . It's open from 10 a . m . to 11 p . m . There are also massage rooms here .
are you a blogger ?
sure I am . I've been writing a blog for almost three years .
oh , it seems that I'm the only one who never blogs . When did you get started ?
I began blogging when I first went to the US for my graduate strides .
what do you usually write about ?
at first , I'll write about my life there . Like interesting things on the campus , travel stories , special English words that I come across . Sometimes , I'll post my pictures on my blog so my family an
that's interesting . How often do you write a blog ?
it's random . If there happen to be a lot of things going on , I may add several new entries in a week , and if I've got nothing to share , I may leave my blog untouched for weeks .
got it . Are you still updating your blog ?
sure , since I came back from the US , I've been keeping the habit of blogging , simply to share my personal insights on any topic I like .
Is this a duty-free shop ?
Yes , sir . What can I do for you ?
I want to buy some specialties . Can you recommend me some ?
Sure . I strongly advise you to buy a bottle of perfume and a lighter .
Fine . They look nice . I will take both of them .
What sort of job would you like to take ?
I prefer a sedentary job and I used to work as an operator .
We need an operator now .
I see Mike farmer has make it into the Olympic team . He beat the national record by 0 . 1 of a second .
That ' s great . He ' s the best runner I ' Ve seen this season . I ' m sure he ' ll win a medal at the Olympics .
I think you ' re right . I think we have a very good athletics team . They should do well in the Olympics . How many medals do you think we ' ll win ?
I really don ' t know . I don ' t think we ' ll win many gold medals , but I think we should win several silver and bronze ones .
What do you think our chance are in other events .
In the last Olympics , we did very well in swimming , cycling and ball sports . I think we ' ll do well in those same events .
We might get a gold medal in the sailing too . Our team put in a lot of practice .
I think we can expect to get between 30 to 40 medals in total .
Do you believe in UFOs ?
Of course , they are out there .
But I never saw them .
Are you stupid ? They are called UFOs , so not everybody can see them .
You mean that you can them .
That's right . I can see them in my dreams .
They come to the earth ?
No . Their task is to send the aliens here from the outer space .
Aliens from the outer space ? Do you talk to them ? What do they look like ?
OK , OK , one by one , please ! They look like robots , but they can speak . Their mission is to make friends with human beings .
That means that you talk to them ? In which language ?
Of course in English , they learn English on Mars too .
What a beautiful watch . It goes very well with your ring .
Thank you .
Is that your wedding ring ?
I'm not married yet . It's my engagement ring .
Well , congratulations . When is the big date ?
In June .
Did you have the watch before getting the ring ?
Actually , we bought the ring together after I got the watch .
You did a fabulous job with the selection . It's gorgeous .
Thank you so much .
What kind of watch is it ?
It's a Tag Heer .
If you don't mind me asking , how much do they cost ?
This one is $ 1500 . But they range from $ 600 to $ 3000 .
That's why it looks so nice . I should have figured . You always get what you pay for .
How are the children doing at sport ?
I ' m very pleased with their performances . Timmy can cover the 100 meters in 12 seconds . That ' s very fast for a kid his age .
He ' s not very good at the long jump though , is he ?
He ' s not bad . He can jump a distance of over four meters . I think he just prefers running to jumping . Jimmy ' s very good at the high jump . He can jump over two meters . Again , that ' s fine for someone his age .
Two meters ? That means that the high jump bar is above his head ! Are any of them good at long-distance running ?
The longest race we run is the 1500 meters . A few of the boys and one girls can do it in less than five minutes .
How are they at swimming ?
They ' re ok . I ask them to swim 500 meters each day . That ' s 20 lengths of the swimming pool . They ' re not very fast , but that ' s ok . I just want them to build their strength up and keep in shape .
Kate is very good at diving from a height of 10 meters .
I ' d be afraid to jump from that height !
I think that these kinds haven ' t learnt to be afraid yet . She started diving from a lower height , but she soon wanted to go higher .
Hi , there . Look at these . I have collected some ads here . There is a special promotion for Mother's Day this weekend .
Oh , yes . Mother's Day is coming . Do you plan to buy anything ?
Of course . I want to buy some night cream for my mom , and some masques for myself .
Hmm . In Carrefour , Clinique will be promoting their visible skin renewed cream .
How much is it ?
180 yuan , and you can get a free 8 piece gift package .
What's included in the gift package ?
Some black mascara , moisturizing orion , eye cream crystal lipstick , a two color eye shadow pack , styling hairspray , and a cosmetics bag .
Do you have a package tour to Hollywood ?
Yes , here is the table , which plans do you like best ?
The seven-days trip shall be fine . How much is this tour ?
$ 300 .
We will take the trip . Could you give us a pamphlet ?
Have you ever gotten a parking ticket ?
I've never gotten one . Have you ?
I got a ticket yesterday .
Really ? What did you get one for ?
I parked in the red zone .
Why did you do that ?
I needed to get something really quick .
Where did you park at ?
At my apartment building .
Don't you have your own parking spot ?
I needed to be fast .
Next , please . May I help you , sir ?
Hello , yes , I ' d like to open a bank account .
Certainly , I can can help you with that . What type of account would you like to open ? A chequing or a savings account ?
What What features do they offer ?
Well , if you just take a look here , see , with our chequing account , you can have unlimited daily transactions for a small monthly fee , and our savings account has a higher interest rate , but you must carry a minimum balance of $ 10,000 dollars .
I see , well , I think I ' m more interested in a chequing account . I like to have easy access to my money .
Alright , then , with this chequing account you ' ll be issued a debit card and a cheque book . Will you require overdraft protection ? There is an extra fee for that .
No , that won ' t be necessary .
In that case , I ' ll get you to fill out this paperwork . I ' ll need your social insurance number , and two pieces of government ID . If you could just sign here , and here , and here . we ' ll be all set . Would you like to make a deposit today ?
Lili , let ' s take a vacation !
George , how can we ? Vacations cost money . And this month we don ' t have much money left after paying the rent .
Well , Lili , we can visit different places in the state in our van 10 . We are not going to take a plane or stay at a hotel this time . Trust me , it won ' t cost much .
Where will we sleep , then ?
In the van .
What about other expenses ?
Let ' s see . Gas , food , recreation , we won ' t spend much . Come on . Don ' t hesitate . We need to get out of the house once in a while . We have been working hard , haven ' t we ?
Maybe you ' re right . When do you plan to go ?
The sooner the better ! I can ' t wait !
Oh , I don ' t know where we ' re going yet .
As long as we ' re going , you can decide where to go . I trust your judgments . I know you miss Chinese food , so we can eat at a Chinese restaurant this time .
Let ' s go to Chicago . We can have lunch in Chinatown . Then we can go to a ball game at Wrigley Field !
Can I help you ?
Yes , I'm in a bit of a rush . Could I have a piece of apple pie please ?
Certainly . Would you like it with ice cream ?
I'd like to order breakfast , please .
What'd you like , madam ?
Two muffins and a cup of coffee . Will it take long ?
What do you think about violence in movies ?
Personally , I'm not for it . I feel it's bad for kids to watch .
But kids like watching things like that . It's just for fun , would't you say ?
Good morning . Thank you for the interview .
No problem . Now , do you prefer working with others or flying solo ?
Actually , I enjoy both .
So , what is most important to you in a job ? Do you need job security or professional growth and a chance to advance ?
I need job security .
Would you be able to relocate ?
I am open to relocating .
What are your annual salary requirements ?
I need at least 75,000 per year .
Excuse me . can you tell me where Main Street is ?
Turn left at the second light and then go straight for two blocks .
Is it far ?
No . it ' s only five minutes walk . you can ' t miss it .
Thanks a lot
Excuse me . Do you know where the Admiral Hotel is ?
That's over on Callaway Street , isn't it ?
Yes , but I can't find Callaway Street .
Walk that way for about four blocks . The hotel's about two blocks north of there .
Thanks a lot .
You seem to very busy these days . What are you doing ?
I am swapped with work after 10 - day holiday .
Where did you spend your holiday ?
Where do you plan to go this winter ?
Alps , suppose .
Oh , yes , you like skiing .
It really makes my blood boil when this sort of thing happens . I even want to wring his neck .
Don't be so angry . It's passed anyway .
I can't forget it .
Good evening , Pizza House . This is Marty speaking . May I take your order ?
Um yes . I'd like a medium pizza with pepperoni , olives , and extra cheese .
We have a two-for-one special on large pizzas . Would you like a large pizza instead ?
Sure , that sounds good .
Great ! Would you like your second pizza to be the same as the first ?
No , make the second one with ham , pineapple and green peppers . Oh , and make it thin crust .
Okay , thin crust . Your total is $ 21 . 50 and yourorder will arrive in thirty minutes or it ' s free !
Perfect . Thank you . Bye ..
Wow , Amy , look at that number .
What's so great about it ?
What do you mean ? It's a scrim .
Not to me , I wouldn't be caught dead in that .
I love that kind of stuff .
Yeah , you seem to like those styles .
Sure do . I get a kick out of looking punk .
This one looks really expensive though .
I don't care how much it costs . I'm rolling in it .
Lucky you ! I can't buy anything else . I'm flat broke .
I got a replace my party outfit , I trashed it last week .
Why did you drag me into this ? I've spent a week salary .
Are you on the level ? You're the one who called me , remember ?
What kind of place shall we rent ?
It should be close to the university . Neither of us are good at getting up in the mornings and closer it is , the later we can get up .
Absolutely . That's the most important thing to take into consideration . I'm not too worried about the size of the flat .
Neither am I . So a small place is ok , but we'll get a bigger one if it's not expensive . Do you mind if it's in a noisy area ?
I don't mind . i'm not a light sleeper , but quieter is better for when we have to study at home .
Good point . Ok , let's go to the estate agent and see what they can offer us .
Yes , if we're lucky we'll find something in the next few days . I think you had a good idea to start flat hunting early .
How much do you think the rent will be ?
How is your new dormitory ?
It's very nice . There are only four people , and those girls are very kind and friendly .
Well , do you all major in the same subject ?
No , the other three girls major in a computer science , and they can help me a lot with the computer operating .
My granny is such a kind-hearted person . She is willing to help .
She does have a heart of gold .
How long does it take to get to downtown from here ?
It is 15 minutes ' drive .
What companies do we have in our neighborhood ?
Mitsubishi , HP , IBM and many other famous corporations .
Does the 7th floor belong to our company too ?
Yes , our company has two floors , the 6th and 7th floor in this building .
It ' s such a large firm . Do we have our own staff restaurant ?
Where are you going , Jane ?
I'm going to the hospital to see Susan .
I saw her yesterday . She was a little better .
Must I catch a number 7 bus to get there ?
No , you needn't . A number 13 bus will also take you to the hospital .
Number 13 buses run much more frequently , don't they ?
Yes . I caught a number 7 bus yesterday , and they said I had taken a wrong bus .
Thank you , Henry . I'll get a number 13 .
Honey , do you have a second ?
Sure ! Are you okay ? You seem a bit worried . What ' s on your mind ?
We need to talk .
Okay ...
I ' Ve been thinking , and well , I think we need to start seeing other people .
What ? Why ? I mean , we ' Ve had our ups and downs , and we have the occasional disagreement , but we ' re happy together , aren ' t we ?
That ' s just it , I ' m not happy anymore , Tim . It ' s not you , it ' s me . I know that I can be hard to deal with , and you are a great guy ! You are the type of guy that any woman would kill for !
So , what are you saying ? You ' re breaking up with me because I ' m perfect ?
Tim , you are too good for me . You deserve someone who can make you smile and make you happy the way that you made me happy . Oh , I could say that I ' ll be all you need , but that would be a lie . I know I ' d only hurt you , I know I ' d only make you cry .
Baby , come on . Don ' t do this to me ! Whatever it is , we can work it out . Just give me another chance ! I know that we can get through this , but we gotta stick together ! Don ' t leave me .
I can ' t , Tim . I hope someday you can find some way to understand I ' m only doing this for you . I don ' t really wanna go but , deep in my heart I know this is the kindest thing to do .
Laura ...
I want to see the man responsible for selling typewriters .
My name is Steven . I'm the Sales Manager of this company .
Well , look here . Ten new typewriters were delivered to my company yesterday afternoon and only five of them work properly .
Oh , I'm sorry about that .
Never mind being sorry , what are you going to do about it ?
Don't worry , we'll soon fix them .
Good , I hope you'll make sure that it won't happen again .
I'll certainly look into that .
You still have not given me those files I ' Ve asked you for .
I ' m sorry , Mr . Myers . I ' Ve just been so busy today .
I really don ' t want to hear your excuses , Janet . We ' re running a busy office here . You ' re going to have to keep up .
Cindy , how come nearly all the prime-time TV shows are comedies ?
That's because Americans love sitcoms .
Sitcoms ?
Situation comedies . A sitcom is half an hour long and it airs weekly . Sitcom shows tend to be about ordinary people . If there is one thing that all the shows have in common , it is teaching wholesome values .
In Taiwan , prime-time shows are an hour long and most of them aren't comedies .
Hello , Jack . I'm John .
I'm glad to see you !
Sit down , please . Maybe you have read the contract , but I want to give you the details again before you sign the contract . You must have a three-month internship .
Yes , I know .
When you become a permanent employee , you will have the insurances . You will get monthly pay and will be on eight-hour / day work shift .
Wait , will I have five insurances and one fund ?
Yes . You can also enjoy legal holidays and year-end bonus .
It sounds great !
If you need to work overtime , you will get twice the usual salary as overtime pay .
OK .
You have read the relevant terms of the contract . Do you have other questions ?
How long will the induction training be ?
About two weeks .
I see .
If you don't have other questions , just sign here .
What do you think I should do , doctor ?
Why don't you try Chinese herbal medicine ?
Is it useful for me ?
You have to try at least .
OK . Thanks a lot .
Mary , it's good to see you !
Josh and I were just on our way back home from the beach and thought we'd drop by .
I am so glad that you decided to stop by !
Yes , it has been a long time since we have seen you .
Mary , can I get Josh or you something to drink ?
Oh no , thank you . We aren't all that thirsty .
How about a little snack then ?
No , thank you , we just ate lunch a little while ago .
Well then , how is your family ?
What's your favorite book ?
It's Gone With the Wind .
Why do you like it best ?
I enjoy the various characters and the plot .
Well . I like the Thom Birds best .
Is it very interesting ?
Sure . I like the writer's language , too .
If I have a chance , I'll enjoy the book .
Would you like to go to the bookshop with me ?
Have you seen the new James Bond movie ?
Oh , yes . You ?
Yes . What did you think of it ?
I thought it was better than the others-I really liked it . What did you think of it ?
Yes , I liked it , too . It was exciting , but not over the top . Do you know what I mean ?
Mmm . That's what I thought too . I really liked the car chase , and the opening credit sequence was very exciting . And I always enjoy watching Pierce Brosnan .
Oh , yes . He's brilliant . Did you like the title song ?
Not as much as last time , actually . What's the name of the American actor who was in the supporting role ?
Hum , Edward Norton , or something like that . Did you like him ?
Yes . He was excellent . They worked well together , don't you think ?
I don't know . I think the woman was better . She provided a good love interest . Lucky James Bond !
Good morning , everyone . Let me introduce myself to you ...
You don't need to introduce yourself , Yang . You're famous .
Well , thank you very much but I thought l'd try and chair the meeting by the rule -- at least for a while .
OK , OK !
Now , I'd like to get things under way . The main topic on today's agenda is the development of a U . S . sales strategy for the new EBB . I'd like to hear all of your ideas , Mr . Wall , you seem in top form today . Could you start the ball rolling ?
Uh , oh , sure . Well , I think we should keep in mind that the key to good sales is advertising .
Well , that's kind of obvious .
Give me a break , Mr Yang .
What are the most popular sports in your country ?
Swimming in summer and skating in winter . What ' s your favorite sport ?
Jogging and bowling . Do you know how to practise Bungfu ?
No I don't But l do Taijiquan or Shadow boxing . People everywhere in China usually do Taijiquan early in the morning . It can help people keep fit . It has a history of over three hundred years .
Is it easy to learn ?
Yes . it is I can teach you if you like .
Thank you . I can teach you how to bowl .
how long will it take us to drive to London ?
I think it ' s a distance of 180 kilometers from here to London , so it should be a two-hour drive on the motorway .
that ' s unless there is a traffic jam . It could take three hours .
you ' re right . We will be able to travel at high speeds at the beginning and end of the journey , because we will be in built-up areas .
so , shall we allow three hours to cover the distance ?
ok . You haven ' t seen my company car , have you ?
no . let me take a look ... it ' s longer than my car .
I think it ' s over five meters long . I can ' t remember exactly . It has a maximum speed of over 200 kilometers an hour .
wow ! That ' s fast ! I don ' t think we will be traveling that fast on the motorway .
We have another traditional holiday-the Dragon Boat Festival .
When is it ?
It falls on the fifth day of the fifth lunar month .
Could you tell me the origin of the two festivals ?
OK . The Dragon Boat Festival is a way to commemorate a great ancient poet named Quyuan . On that day , people will hold a boat race as a symbol of the attempt to save him who threw himself into the river .
Why do people eat rice cakes on that day ?
In order to prevent the fish from eating the poet's body .
Excuse me , could you please show me the way to the human resource department ?
Yeah , but have you made an appointment ahead ?
Yes , of course . I am Monica . I have made an appointment with your HR manager .
Just a minute please . I ' ll make a call to the HR office . Yes , they confirm your appointment . Please come in . it is on the 3rd floor , room 3106 . You can take the right elevator as the left on is in maintenance today .
Thank you very much .
What's that book you have under your arm ?
It's the best seller everyone's been talking about for the last six months .
How in the world did you get a copy ? I've put a hold on it at the public library for weeks and I'm still waiting my turn .
I checked it out of the rental library . It only costs five cents a day .
Is it really worth paying for ?
I can't tell yet . I haven't got beyond the first chapter .
Good evening , ma'am . Table for one ?
Yes , please .
Will this table be all right ?
Actually , I'd like a booth by the window if that's possible .
Certainly . How about this one ?
This will be fine , thanks .
( Handing her a menu ) Your waiter will be here in a minute to take your order .
Hey , you look great ! how's everything ?
Yeah , you know what ? I've been going to the club regularly . The training really pays off . Now I am in a good shape and I know more about how to keep fit .
Really ? tell me about it . I haven't gone to the club for a long time . I am too busy with work .
It's important to do proper exercises .
You're right . Too much or too little won't do any good .
The trainer tells me , besides regular sports activities , I should also have a healthy and balanced diet .
Sounds reasonable .
We should eat more vegetables instead of junk food to stay energetic .
And fruits !
Surely it is . Getting enough sleep is also crucial for fitness .
I've heard that . Does your trainer tell you anything about keeping fit ?
Yeah , he advises me to stay in a good mood . That can also help one to keep sound physical health .
I think if you follow your trainer's advice , you'll be on the right track .
Gosh , it's 7:30 , I'll miss the first class .
Don't get up so late next time . You should have gone to bed earlier last night .
Can you direct me to Holiday inn ?
Cross the street and walk two blocks west . You can't miss it .
Excuse me , I have something to trouble you .
Yes ? I'll be very glad if I could be of any help to you .
An hour ago , I bought this vase with my tourist .
Oh , yes . I remember it clearly . Is there anything wrong with it ?
I'm afraid so . We found this crack on the bottom when I went back to my hotel .
Oh , how awful ! Let me have a look , I'm terribly sorry . It was most thoughtless of me . Would you excuse me , please ?
Oh , It's quite all right , I suppose . It can't be helped sometimes .
It's very kind of you to say so . How about changing another one for you ?
All right . Thank you .
Just a minute , please . I won't be long . I'm sure this one is perfect . You may examine it carefully .
Oh , yes , it is . I'll take this one .
I'm very sorry for any inconvenience I've caused you .
Hi Jim . Do you have a minute ?
Sure , what ' s up ?
Some of us are going to start a soccer team . Would you like to join us ?
I don ' t know anything about it . Soccer isn ' t as popular in my country as it is here .
That ' s all right . We ' ll teach you .
Is it anything like American football ?
Not very much . It ' s something like hockey , except that you use a big ball and no stick .
I ' ll come down and watch you play some day , and see what it ' s like .
How do you celebrate national day in your country ?
There are parades in many cities and people fly the national flags from almost every public building .
What kinds of parades are there ?
The parades are usually military ones , but sometimes there are procession of people carrying flags and singing patriotic songs . What do you do on national day in your country ?
We don ' t have a national day .
Really ? That ' s unusual .
I guess it is . Most countries have on , but we don ' t .
Hello .
Hi . It ' s Tony calling from the dentist ' s office . Is Lily there ?
No , Lily is not here at the moment .
Could you ask her to call me back when she gets in ?
Sure . What ' s your number , please .
519 367 8901 .
Thanks . And your name is Tony , right ?
Yes . I ' m Tony . Thank you very much .
You ' re welcome . Bye .
Have you declared your income and are you prepared to pay tax ?
Not yet . I don't know how to fill out the form . What is the tax-free allowance for supporting a dependent ?
I don't really know . Why not ask the accountant or the lawyer of the law firm ? They will tell you which is subject or not subject to taxation . He can even help you avoid paying tax legally .
If I don't pay my taxes , would the tax officials discover it ?
Hello ?
Hey Tina . What are you doing ?
I was just watching TV . What's going on with you ?
I just watched a movie and I'm scared .
What did you watch ?
I saw the Sixth Sense . I didn't know it was going to be so scary .
I remember that . It was a great movie . But it was definitely scary .
If you're not busy , do you want to come over ? I'm afraid to be alone .
Sure . I can come over . What should we do ?
How about if we watch a comedy . I need something to get my mind off the frightening images I have from the Sixth Sense .
Ok . I'll get ready and leave . I'll see you in about 20 minutes .
Hurry , ok . It's dark out .
Don't worry , nothings going to happen . I'll be there real soon .
I need something to wash this down . Is there any juice in the fridge ?
What is that ? It looks like something from a swamp !
It's a green drink . It's supposed to be full of vitamins and minerals .
You know , healthy eating doesn't have to make you gag .
The sales lady said that even if I eat right , I wouldn't get enough vitamins .
Have you ever tried it ? Or are you just going to believe the sales lady ?
It's easier to drink this once a day than eat fruit and vegetables all day .
It's your turn now , Helen .
OK . I'm coming .
This is your song . I picked it for you .
Thank you . You are so considerate .
Push the red button on the mike to turn it on .
OK . This key is too high for me .
I think it's a piece of cake for you .
OK . Let me have a try ...
Well done ! I hope I can sing as well as you one day .
Thank you . I'm sure you will .
Hello sir , how may I help you ?
I would like to buy some flowers , please . Something really nice .
I see , may I ask what the occasion is ?
It ' s not really an occasion , it ' s more like I ' m sorry .
Very well . This arrangement here is very popular among regretful husbands and boyfriends . It has a dozen long stem red roses with a couple of sunflowers and a single orchid that stands out . It includes a small teddy bear to achieve the effect of immediate forgiveness .
I think I ' m gonna need more than just a dozen red roses and a bear . What else do you recommend ?
Mmm , well this is our I ' m sorry I cheated on you package . Two dozen red roses lined with tulips , carnations and lilies . The fragrance and beauty of this flower arrangement is sure to make her forgive you .
I don ' t think that ' s gonna cut it . I need something bigger and better !
I ' m sorry sir but , what exactly did you do ?
Well , I may have accidentally insinuated that she is getting chubbier .
Mum , can I finish my homework later ?
Sorry . You know the rules .
But I want to watch TV now .
That ' s out of the question .
Please .
Not a chance .
Not even for an hour ?
Excuse me sir . May I come in ?
Mike , you're late again .
I'm sorry , but my sister was ill , so I
Do you think I believe the story like that ?
But it's true .
How can believe it if the same excuse was used twice within a week ?
That's coincident .
Ok , hold it . Remember to be punctual next time .
I promise I will .
Where do you want to go ?
I'm going to the hospital .
Get in . I'll take you .
About how much will it cost ?
It will cost you $ 10 .
By the way , what's the time ?
You can see the time on the meter . I have radio time , you know .
It's a quarter to 12 . Could you please drive a little faster ?
I've come to hear about your offer .
We have the offer ready for you . Let me check . 10 boxes with 50 brooches per box , at 20,000 yuan ; 20 boxes with 50 waistbands per box , at 30,000 yuan ; 15 boxes with other ornaments per box , at 7 , 500 yuan , for shipment in June . The offer is valid for five days .
I can tell you right now that your prices are a little higher than we expected .
You know that the prices of the ornaments have been rising in recent years . The prices we offer this time compare favorably with quotations you can get else where .
I am afraid I can't agree with you there . I must point out your prices are higher than the quotations we've received from other companies .
But you must take the design and quality into consideration . You know we are superior to others in design and quality . We have various styles , which the other companies cannot catch up with .
I agree that yours are of the top .
Well , since your order is large enough , can you give me a rough idea ?
To have this business concluded , I should say a reduction of least 10 % would help .
Impossible . How about 5 % off ?
I have a terrible toothache .
Which tooth is it ?
This one here .
Ar , Yes . There ' s a big cavity .
Can you fill it ?
I ' m afraid not . The tooth is too far gone . it'll have to be taken out .
Then I might as well have it done now .
Thanks for your hospitality .
The boss announces the pay raise today , right ? How much do you think we'll get ?
No idea . Your guess is as good as mine .
It better be more than last year .
We're thinking about going to America .
Have you thought about the cost ?
There is that .
we really were lucky . We got the last available table for two---and we didn't even have a reservation ! Did you see the long lines behind us ?
yeah , I'm glad that we didn't have to wait long . I'm starving !
let's take a look at the menu so we can order . Do you want to choose an appetizer for us to share ?
what would you rather have , samosas or poppadoms ?
I heard that one of their specialities is the samosa .
well , let's get a plate of those then .
sounds good . What are you going to have for your main course ?
I think I might have a dahl .
what's in a dahl ?
it's got chickpeas and vegetables in a spicy curry sauce with rice .
that sounds nice . Do you want to share some kebabs as well ?
ok . How about some lamb kebabs ?
that's my favourite . Do you want to have some wine or beer ?
I think I'll have a beer .
ok , shall I flag down the waitress ?
I wouldn't recommend it . I think we should wait until she comes round .
you're right . That might seem a bit rude . It's a good thing I've got you with me !
May I help you ?
Yes . Do you exchange foreign money here ?
Yes . Our bank is authorized to deal with foreign exchange .
What kinds of currency do you change ?
We can change only three kinds of currency , USD , Japanese Yen and HK Dollar in our savings office .
Could you tell me what the exchange rate for USD is today ?
The buying rate is 826 . 44 yuan for 100 dollars .
I want to change some Us dollars to cover my expense here .
Please go to Counter No . 2 , the foreign exchange counter . It's over there .
Like a cat on hot bricks , as you might say . I don ' t believe you are listening at all .
Sorry , I just worried about him . You know , he should be here an hour ago .
Don ' t worry him , he has been grown up and I think he can take himself very well .
But he still does not come back .
Happy birthday , Jim !
Thank you , Lisa .
Here is a present for you . I hope you like it .
Oh , great ! I love it ! You know I've been expecting this for a long time .
I'm very glad to hear that .
Oh , it's getting late . I've got to run . It was nice talking to you , karren .
Thanks , Tim . Nice meeting you , too .
I guess we'll see just around .
Ye , I hope so . well . Take it easy .
Why are you holding me in this jail cell ?
I'm sorry I'm late .
Where to , ma'am ?
The Grand Hotel .
The Grand Hotel ?
Yes . Do you know where it is ?
No , Madam . I don't think I do .
It's the 11th Avenue , Park Street .
I'd like to withdraw some money from my account .
Can I see your passbook and the withdrawal slip , please ?
Sure .
Let me just make sure . You want to withdraw one thousand dollars ?
I wish the politicians would quit digging up dirt about each other's past .
I know . It really makes a mess of the whole election process .
And it takes up all the news .
The problem is that there always a large number of people who eat that kind of stuff up .
It's so small . The fact that there is public interest , doesn't say much for us as the public .
Have you ever listened to AM radio ? It's quite a different experience than the traditional news stations on TV and FM radio .
I don't remember the last time I listened to AM radio .
Come to think of it , you should get out your English books and catch up on your reading assignments .
But I don't have any reading assignments .
Then review for your test . You'll do even better . And maybe reading will help you get to sleep .
Aw , Mom-you're such a drag .
What shall I call him ?
Oh , you may call him Uncle , or Henry .
What's he doing ?
This position demands a higher writing ability , so please say something about your writing ability .
What seems to the trouble Mr Brown ?
I ' m in pretty bad shape , Doctor Ford .
Oh , In what way .
No appetite , always unaged and I can ' t sleep well .
Did you lose any weight ?
YES . I ' Ve lost quite a few pounds since last month .
when was the last time you have track up ?
About two month ago .
Let me take your blood pressure . You look anilic . Well , Mr . Brown . I ' m happy to say it ' s nothing serious . You just a little run down from overwork .
What am I suppose to do ?
I think you ' ll needs just vacation . Try to get out doors more . I ' ll be sure if you get more rest .
The restaurant across the street hired a new Chinese chef , so I ordered some Chinese food there for this evening .
Good . I love Chinese food . What did you order ?
Something hot and spicy . They look very inviting on the menu . You are going to love them .
Maybe we can find a place to learn some Chinese cooking . I hear there's a place in Chinatown where you can take some courses . Are you interested ?
I'm not sure . I don't enjoy cooking that much . As long as we can order it from a restaurant , we don't have to learn to do it by ourselves .
I'm a little rushed . Is there any quicker way to get there ?
Yeah , of course . You can take a taxi .
How much will that run me ?
It depends on traffic and distance , but it is reasonable .
Do the drivers speak English ?
Some are better than others . But , you shouldn't have a problem .
Are they safe ?
How can we develop a new brand image with no direction whatsoever ?
With the fifty forwards he sent out today , maybe we'll inadvertently get inspired .
I guess this is a good excuse to surf the Net on someone else's dime .
Who'd have thought Bean would be this kind of e-mail fanatic ?
Nice to see you , Patrick .
Bob ! I hear your team won the match .
Yeah . All of us tried our best .
Look at this newspaper article about this famous local medium . It says that she is really gifted and so popular now , that she is booked solid with appointments for the next twelve months !
You don't really believe in all that hocus pocus mumbo jumbo , do you ?
Well , I have had many friends that went to a psychic and got their palms read and most of the things the psychic told her came true !
Of course it does ! They tell you general and obvious things like that you will be successful or have a big house . I think most of the times they are just scam artists .
Well , historically it is a practice that many cultures share . Reading the tarot cards , in the east they would even read tea leaves ! I even heard that there are people that make you smoke a cigar , and then read your ashes .
Are you ready to go shopping ?
Not yet . I'm not finished with my research yet .
What research ?
Reading my fashion magazines ! How do you think I know so much about all the latest trends ?
But they're just ads .
Have you enjoyed your weekend ?
Yes , it's been marvelous . It really was very kind of you to invite me . I hope it hasn't been too much trouble .
Could you please wait for a minute ? I'll buy the tickets
All right .
Here is your ticket .
Thank you .
The park will close soon . We Should better go in right now .
Really ?
Yes , let's go in .
It is a new park , isn't it ?
Yes , how do you know ?
I guessed it .
Well , generally speaking , the park is a window on the world history , a window on the world civilization and a window on the world's tourist attractions as well .
Hi there , I want to reserve a hotel room .
No problem at all . Could I have your full name , please ?
Sure , John Sandals .
Hi , Mr . Sandals . I'm Michelle , at your service . When do you need the room ?
My plans are to be there April 14th to the 17th .
We have new room rates , sir . Will that be acceptable to you ?
Well , it depends on the price , of course . What is it ?
It's $ 308 a night .
I have no problem with that .
Great ! Would you prefer smoking or nonsmoking ?
Definitely nonsmoking . I can't handle that smell .
Nonsmoking . Now , is a queen-size bed okay ?
No problem .
Great , Mr . Sandals . Your reservation is confirmed . Now all I need is your phone number .
Of course ! It's area code 626-555-1739 .
Did you watch the final last night ? My favorite singer won !
Oh , I love him too . He not only sings well but also shows perseverance when he encounters difficulties in the contest .
Yeah , he got booted after his initial performance in the audition , but he did not give up . He then tried at another two auditions .
He had barely survived the third audition and finally got a chance to advance in the contest . Fortunately , in the third audition , he has won popularity among the audience . And that's when I started to notice him .
Me too .
Before he made the top three , I was so nervous . I just fear that he might be knocked out .
Yeah , there're so many excellent candidates out there . Who knows which one will make it to the final ?
Absolutely . That's why when he entered the final , I was so excited .
He really did a great job in the finale , especially in the PK round . He performed so well that the majority of the audience cast their votes for him .
Would you like to take a look at the menu , sir ?
Yes . Thank you .
Would you care for a drink before you order ?
A glass of Qingdao beer .
Yes , sir . I'll bring it over . Have you decided what you'd like , sir ?
Good morning . Are you Mr . Liu ?
My name is Liu Lichi . How do you do ?
How do you do ? Please be seated , How is your trip here ?
Quite good , I think . I came here by bus , and it took me about 15 minutes .
Oh , yes . How old are you ?
Twenty .
Hum , still a student ?
Yes , I'm student of grade 3 in the university majoring in economics .
What subjects are you studying ?
English , math , commercial and legal studies , and accountancy .
Have you had any working experience .
Well , I worked at a supermarket during last summer holidays .
What do you like to do in your spare time ?
I like sports very much . Besides that , I also like working on a computer in my spare time .
How are your English and computer skills ?
I have passed the CET - 4 and 6 . As far as computer is concerned I can use the computer for word processing .
This looks like a very nice house .
You know , I fell in love with this house the first moment I laid eyes on it .
The style of the exterior is just what I ' Ve been looking for !
The exterior is only half of the story . The interior is incredible .
This home is gorgeous on the inside !
Everything that you see on the walls , floors , and windows is brand new .
The wall colors totally suit the style of this house .
Straight ahead is the gourmet kitchen .
I love the bamboo flooring and granite countertops .
The master suite is the best . Let ' s go look at that next .
There is plenty of room for our king-sized bed , and I love the light in this room .
Where's the toilet ?
Leo ! I wanted to tell you thanks for all your hard work on the budget . We ' re having a get-together after work tonight at Carl ' s Karaoke Club to celebrate having finished it . We ' d love to see
What fun ! Normally I ' d love to , but I ' m afraid I have to work late tonight . We ' Ve got to get the contract ready for Miss King .
Oh , right . You ' re busy with that contract . Maybe you could join us later ?
Unfortunately , I just can ' t make it this time . I have to go straight home . It ' s my second wedding anniversary , and we ' re supposed to be having a big dinner Susan would kill me if I missed it .
Happy anniversary ! Sorry you won ' t be there . Maybe some other time ?
How you celebrate your Valentine ' s Day with your wife ?
What is your nationality ?
I am Chinese by birth .
Where is your domicile place ?
Tom , is Jenny crying ?
Can you take he away from me ?
I ' m just coming for that .
She kept bothering me .
She ' s your sister . What she asked was only duck soup for you . Why can ' t you be good to her ?
Welcome to the company . We are conducting a survey of new employees to find out what influenced them to choose our company .
That's easy . It was your office ergonomics that decided me .
You're kidding ! Something as simple as that ?
Yes . It is very important to me . My mother worked in offices for twenty years , and she finally had carpal tunnel syndrome . I have been reading about repetitive stress injuries , and I know that t
Yes , there has been a lot of research into RSI's . Something so simple as proper chair height can prevent injuries . Tell me , did anything else influence your decision ?
Yes , I noticed that you have professional training and team-building days . I like the idea of working for a company that invests in its staff .
What did he say ?
He said he would tell us the secret of becoming a successful man .
It ' s too good to be true ! If I were there , I would ask him if he himself was a successful man .
Whew ! I had to wait for almost an hour to get to the front of the line .
You have much patience .
Wow ! Your calligraphy is very beautiful . It was worth the wait !
Thank you . Today I'm writing a kind of poem called a Chinese couplet .
What does it say ?
This is an especially famous one . It says " May the passing days bring you health and longevity . May this season of renewal find you basked in riches . "
That's very nice . Is it for sale ?
No . I never sell my artwork .
Really ? Then what do you do with it ?
I give it away . Here , this one is for you .
Wow ! Really ? Are you sure ? Now I'll have a lucky year !
How many pieces of luggage would you like to check in , sir ?
Three bags and a suitcase . This is my luggage to check .
Do you have any carry-on luggage ?
No .
Put your luggage on the scale , please . Oh , your luggage is overweight .
How much is the excess baggage part charge ?
Twenty-two dollars
Here you are .
This is your voucher , and you can get your luggage back on this . Have a good trip !
Is that pesky lady coming to the office again ?
Yeah , I'm afraid so .
If there's one thing that bugs me , it's her critical attitude .
So , Monica , how do you like your new office ?
Well , I love it . The room is spacious and clean with big windows and a lot of sunshine . There are plants along the corridor . Especially , I got my own desk with computer and telephone . Such a great place !
That ' s very good . I once turn down a job offer just because the office is awful .
What was so bad about it ?
Small rooms , small window , a small desk shared by three people . I would have been interrupted all the time and for sure not be able to deliver good work .
Sounds bad ! Lucky you ! You didn ' t take that job . I think a good office environment is also important to work efficiently .
Room service , is there anything I can do for you ?
Yes , I am afraid there are not enough outlets .
Well , we have 6 for each room .
Yes , but 4 of them are broken . Can you send someone here ?
I wonder what he looks like . Oh , I can't wait to see him ! His email said he'd be wearing a white hat . oh , there he is .
hey , Isabelle ...
Logan ! Why on earth are you hiding here ? White hat ! Come on ! Don't tell me you're the guy ! It can't be true .
yes , I am the guy ...
what a bummer ! You set me up ?
Hello , Miao Li , Where are you going ?
Hello , I am going to the store to buy some fruit .
Oh , Would you do me a favor ?
Yes ?
Please mail this letter for me on your way to the store .
Sure . Do you want it to be registered ?
Yes , I think so . There are some pictures in it . It would be a great pity if they were lost .
Yes , I will be glad to mail your letter .
Thanks .
Have you any round-neck sweater ?
Yes . Actually our range of sweaters is the most comprehensive available .
Can I try this one on ?
Sure , go ahead .
I'm sorry I'm so late . I had a really bad day .
It's ten after six . We ' re late . But dinner is at six thirty .
I know . I know . I'm really sorry . I lost my bag .
I'll call the lost and found office .
Wow ! Your fruit looks really fresh ! How much are these apples ?
The apples are 30NT each . How many would you like ?
Let's see , 30NT is about ... almost a dollar US . What ? ! How about these pineapples ?
They're 250NT each , but they're not edible . They're only used for worship .
Hmm , 250NT is ... 8 dollars ? ! ! And you can't even eat them ? You're crazy !
Wait ! Don't go just yet . These bananas are pretty cheap--only 35NT for this bunch .
Now that's more like it ! Bananas have lots of potassium , too !
They're also good for your digestion ! Would you like some kiwis , too ?
Are they from Taiwan ?
They're imported from New Zealand . Four for 50NT . Nine for a hundred .
Jeff , look at this listing ! It says there is a cozy studio apartment for rent , and it's only $ 700 per month . What do you think ?
Well I think I can afford that apartment . But are pets allowed ?
Hmm ... let me look . Yes , it says it's a pet-friendly building .
That's great . That means I can bring my cat , Mr . Twinkles . Where is the apartment located ?
Hello , this is Liu Juan speaking . Is that Mr . Brown ?
No , this isn't .
Could you please get him on the phone ?
Mr . Crandall , I ' m sorry , but I really don ' t see the value in doing this entire project over from scratch . It would take a lot of work .
That ' s certainly true . But , that ' s what this job is all about , Maria . There's no doubt that this project is unacceptable .
I agree . But I think that we can handle the problem by making a few major changes . I ' d appreciate it if you would give me a chance .
Good morning , can I help you ?
I want to American breakfast with fried eggs sunny side up .
What kind of juice do you prefer , sir ?
Breakfast juice and please make my coffee very strong .
Yes , sir . American breakfast with fried eggs sunny side up . Breakfast juice and black coffee . And my correct , sir ?
Yes , that ' s right .
Is there anything else , sir ?
No , that ' s all .
Good morning , sir . I ' Ve got breakfast your ordered .
Just put it on the table please .
Do you need anything else , sir ?
No , thanks . Oh , yes , could I have some juice for the mini bar ?
What kind of juice do you like sir ?
Tomato or orange juice , please .
Boy , it looks like everyone in your family is here , from young to old .
Easter's a good day for reunions . The family goes to church together .
And after church they come here for lunch ?
Yup , a big potluck buffet . And then-notice there are no children around ?
Yeah , what's up with that ?
How far do we have to go ?
About 50 miles .
The traffic is not very heavy on this high way , is it ? So I ' m sure we ' ll make it .
No , but we ' Ve got a hurry . It will be the rush hour soon .
Don ' t worry . There ' s plenty of time yet .
But it ' s Friday today . This road is always jam packed during the weekend , isn ' t it ?
What's wrong with you ?
I have a sore throat and headache .
Do you feel tired ?
Yes , my whole body feels weak . And I really feel terrible .
I'm sorry to hear that . I'll have to examine you .
Ok , go ahead .
Can you speak Japanese ?
Yes , I can , but not very well .
Where did you learn it ?
At school . And I'm still learning it now .
How long have you been learning it ?
About three years .
Can you speak any other languages ?
What can I help you with ?
May I ask you something ?
What's your question ?
How many hours behind the wheel do I need ?
What do you need to take it for ?
I'm trying to get my license .
You need six hours .
Can I do all six hours in one day ?
You have to do it in three days .
That's all I have to do ?
That's everything .
Hello Mr Waterstone , what can I do for you today ?
Hello , Becky . Well , you see , I have this thing here , called a Fixed Deposit Certificate , and I've just noticed the date on it .
Oh , I see . You have two choices here you can either redeem or renew .
I think I'll redeem , if that's not a problem .
No problem at all , Mr Waterstone . Any preference as to how you want the money ?
Anything you like , but not too many large notes . It's useful to have smaller notes .
Here we go , Mr Waterstone . Here's your money and your interest note .
What can I show you ?
Do you have this shirt in a small ?
Let me check . Yes , we have .
May I try it on ?
Hello . this is Susan .
Hello , I ' m Mark . I ' m just wondering if you are free this weekend
Yes , I think So .
Good . I was thinking that I ' d like to invite you to watch a movie . I can meet you at the cinema gate .
What ' s the time ?
Six thirty , tonight .
Oh , I ' m sorry I can ' t because I have to do some housework . You can ask Jenny to go with you
All right . Maybe next time I can go with you . Bye !
I can ' t bear it . The driver is too bad .
I found a new job after all , and I like this one even better than the last .
Good day ! Welcome to Lincoln Bank , how may we assist you ?
Hello . I need to find out if a Receipt of Proceeds has arrived . I'm from Felix Wasserman Associates .
Thanks . Have you got the L / C number ?
It's NX567822100007 .
Hang on a tick and I'll check for you . I'm sorry ; we have no record of that arriving .
OK , thanks for checking . Could you give me a ring when it arrives , please ?
I have to check out now . My name is Ruth Carson . Can I have my bill , please ?
Yes , it's $ 167 .
Do you remember what the ratings of movies stand for ?
Yes , G stands for General Audiences , PG means Parental Guidance suggested , R is restricted to audiences under 18 and X means explicit content .
Does anyone pay any attention to those ratings anymore ?
Remember when we were kids ? Theaters wouldn't let kids in to PG moves without a parent .
I remember that I never saw an X moves even displayed .
Now with video rentals it's all a personal matter .
Yea , I never see theaters turn people away for their age anymore either .
Excuse me , Mr . Emory ? Mr . Macmillan , would like to know if you have the completed schedule for next week ?
Yes , I do , Susan . Just a moment . Here it is .
Thank you , sir . Sorry to trouble you .
Oh , so many kinds of winter hats .
What is your favorite color , miss ?
Red .
Here you are . It ' s very attractive .
May I try it on ?
Go ahead .
Is there a mirror around here ?
Right over there .
Does it suit me ?
Yes , you look very nice .
How much is it ?
We're having a clearance sale . $ 4 plus tax .
How old is Keith ?
He's 21 . How old is James ?
He's a year older than Keith , but he looks younger .
How's your father ?
He's fine . He retired last week . It's a turning point in his life . Now he can relax and enjoy his retirement .
He can spend more time with his grandchildren .
Oh , I don't think he wants to . He wants to travel to several different countries around the world .
So , he wants to have a more active retirement . Good idea !
How do you want to spend your old age ?
What did you do today ?
Played poker with my work friends .
Did you win ?
John , I ' d like you to meet Charles Brown , our new manager at the airport .
Yes , certainly . How can I recognize him ?
He is short , well-built , and he ' s got light blond hair .
Is there anything else ?
He has a mustache , if I remember correctly , and a light complexion .
How old is he ?
He is in his late thirties .
Well . I shouldn ' t have any trouble recognizing him . What time does his flight arrive ?
What can I do for you today ?
I would like to use a computer .
Do you have your library card ?
I sure do .
There is a wait for the computers .
That ' s all right .
You need to print your name on this list .
Okay . Now what ?
Once a computer is available , I will let you know .
How am I supposed to log on to the computer ?
All you do is type in the number on the back of your card .
Good afternoon , sir . Have you made a reservation ?
I am afraid not . Are there any vacant tables ?
I don't think so . You have to wait for about 10 minutes .
How are you today ?
Great , thanks .
Can I help you ?
I would actually like to view the apartment for rent today .
I ' m sorry , but you won ' t be able to view it today .
Why not ?
You have to make an appointment first .
Oh , okay . Can I do that right now ?
Is this Friday okay ?
Is 6 o ' clock Friday evening okay ?
Yes , I will schedule you for that time .
What can I get for you today ?
Could I get a hamburger , please ?
Would you like cheese on that ?
No , thank you .
Would you like a drink ?
Let me have a soda .
What kind of soda would you like ?
May I have a Sprite , please ?
Sure , no problem .
I would also like a bag of chips .
Will that be all ?
How are you ?
I ' m doing well .
How may I help you ?
Could you cancel a check for me ?
What ' s the problem ?
I wrote the check out for way too much .
How much ?
I wrote the check out for $ 150 .
What were you supposed to write it out for ?
I was supposed to write the check out for $ 100 .
I ' ll just cancel it for you right now .
Have you decided what you ' re going to do during your holiday ?
Yes . I ' m going to travel around Europe .
Wow , that sounds great ! Where are you going ?
I think I will start off in Paris . Then I ' m going to take the train to Nice and then go on to Milan .
Oh that will be lovely . You ' ll be able to do lots of shopping I expect .
Oh yes and try lots of new food too .
Great . Make sure you buy me a souvenir !
I'm sorry , but I don't think this damage is our fault .
What do you mean ?
It looks like the shipping company did this .
Yesterday I had a quarrel with my roommate . I'm really fed up with all this .
Tell me what seems to be the problem .
My roommate always brings a lot of friends from off-campus . They stay in the room until midnight , singing and talking , drinking and playing cards while I have no place for study . I even don't have the quietness to sleep .
Please help yourself to whatever you like , don't be shy .
Yes , thank you . I've already been helping myself .
This dish taste terrific . Would you like to try a little ? It is a little hot , but very good .
I like hot food , especially Sichuan cuisine .
Would you like another beer ?
I'll have another cup of beer insist . I know I don't like to drink alone , especially there are someone sitting there next to me .
Come on , it's the weekend . Let's taste and enjoy this meal . Cheers !
What's wrong with you ? You look pale .
I'm not sure , I feel hot and cold .
When did the trouble start ?
I was sick most of the night .
It sounds like you are coming down with the flu . Let me take your temperature .
Have I got a high fever ?
Yes , thirty-eight point seven . Do you have a headache , chest or throat pain ?
Yes , I have .
Now , let me have a look at you . I'd like to listen to your chest . Now breathe in , a deep breath , that's it Cough , now again . I want to examine your throat , too . Open wide , say ' Ah - - '
Aaaaahh , aaaaahh .
Yes , it does look a bit sore . Let's take an X-ray of your chest and give you a few tests .
All right , thanks .
The tests showed nothing wrong . A slight viral infection .
What shall I do today ?
Good morning . what can I do for you ?
I'm looking for some earrings for my wife as a wedding anniversary gift .
You've come to the right store . We've got a beautiful and wide selection of earrings for you to choose from .
I saw a pair of earrings outside your window . Can you show them to me ?
Do you mean the exquisite pearl earrings ?
Exactly . How much do you want for them ?
They're only three thousand yuan .
What is this setting made of ?
Well , it's specially made of a platinum alloy , sir , and the lustre will never fade out .
I'II take them . Please wrap them up tor me and give me the receipt .
You've heard of Bruce Jenner , haven't you ?
He won the decathlon in the 1976 Olympics , right ?
I read that he trained so much that he used to dream about jumping hurdles .
I can think of better things to dream about ...
Sometimes he would wake up covered in sweat , with his legs pumping away .
How long have you been in England ?
For almost two years .
Almost two years ? Your English is very good .
hi , Bob , I am so glad that you came .
of course I'd come . I couldn't think of a better chance to see all my old friends .
yeah . It's hard to believe that it's been ten years since graduation . It feels just yesterday we collected our diplomas .
how time flies . But hey , how are things going with you ?
oh , where to start ? There have been ups and downs . I'm still trying to find my place in this world . It's only recently that I've been able to start settling down . How about you ? You still with Jenn
yeah , Jenny and I got married right after graduation . It was tough the first years trying to make ends meet . I was supporting us both while she continued her studies . But now things are getting better
oh , that sounds wonderful . I have always known you two would make it . I hope I can keep in better contact with you guys . I don't want us to drift apart again .
definitely ! Actually , we just moved into a new place . There's a house-warming party this Saturday , if you are free ? I know Jenny would love to see you again and it should be a good party .
Hello .
Good morning , Ruth . Did I wake you up ?
No , I was just about to get up . What's up , Carl ?
Listen , I am calling to confirm what you said yesterday . Are we supposed to meet at the Chinatown terminal of the Avenue B bus or D bus ?
B as in boy . You should get off at the last stop in Chinatown .
Oh , you mean Canal Street ?
That's the wrong direction . Canal Street is on the other side of Chinatown .
Oh , I get it . When did we decide to meet ?
At 10,45 . Is Ann coming along ?
I cannot get hold of her yet .
See you around , Carl .
I'm too tired now . I've already worked for 12 hours overtime !
God ! Don't you think they should get you an assistant ?
Yes , they were supposed to , but so far nobody's turned up , and I have to do the work alone . This is the first break I've had all day .
They're really running you into the ground . Why don't you ask for some time off ? You could take a long weekend and have a good rest .
I'm afraid I can't before I finish this project .
You'd better pay more attention to your health .
I will , thanks for your concern .
I would like to take this opportunity to welcome Monica to our company and introduce her to her department and colleagues . For all of you , we hired Monica because she is a very professional accountant and we are very happy to have her in the finance department . She has lots of working experiences as an accountant and I am sure everybody in the department can benefit from this .
I think it's time for me to meet my admirer and make him face the music .
You do ? How are you going to contact him ?
I'm leaving him a message taped to my computer screen .
What does it say ? Do you think he'll see it ?
He'll see it . It says , I like sweets . Meet me at two thirty in the parking lot .
Can I spy on you guys from the window ?
This is just for you . Cheers ! Bottoms up .
I find it really hard to express myself in class . I have lots of ideas , but they never seem to come out of my mouth .
let me give you a little advice . You know what the topics are going to be , so prepares what you would like to say in advance .
I often do , but I ' m worried about the responses from other people .
you have to be realistic . Not everyone is going to agree with you , but people will respect your opinion and they will respect the fact that you have contributed something to the discussion .
I ' m worried that what I say will not make sense .
we could chat about the topic before class . I could check that what you want to say is logical and it would also give you a chance to practice speaking .
that ' s a good idea . What should I do if I am in two minds about a topic ?
that ' s easy . Express possibilities . People will think that you are pretty smart to be able to look at the topic from more than one angle .
I didn ' t realize that speaking in class could be so easy .
I have to get to Chicago by tomorrow and you're telling me that there are no flights ?
I'm very sorry , sir . I could put you on a waiting list , but you would be wise to check out other means of travel .
You mean like a bus ? Have you ever traveled for ten hours on a bus before ?
I have not sir . But I do have a number for a very comfortable bus that goes to Chicago every hour from here .
Alright , give me the number . But put me on that waiting list as well .
Here is the number , and your name is on the waiting list .
How many people are on the waiting list right now ?
I'm not really accustomed to the style of the new boss .
Good afternoon !
Good afternoon ! Sit down , please . How are you ?
I'm very well , thank you . How are you ?
Very well too , thank you very much . Isn ' t it a lovely day ?
Yes , it's beautiful , but it's also very hot .
Yes .
What's the weather like in your country ?
Mm ... It's quite warm now .
Where do you live ?
In London . Where do you live ?
Shall we visit the Summer Palace tomorrow ?
Good . I don't want to leave Beijing without visiting it .
How far is it from our hotel ?
It's about 5 kilometers .
If we start early , do we have some time for Yuanmingyuan ?
Gary . Could you type up this report for me ? I have to take off early this afternoon .
Actually I have a passion for Chinese literature .
You do ?
Yeah , those classics from the great writers .
Hi , could we have two orange juice smoothies ?
Would you like those with yogurt ?
Sure , why not ?
What else would you like to add ? We highly recommend caterpillar fungus .
Caterpillar fungus ? ! What the heck is that ?
Did you get Bean's ten different good luck forwards , like that one from the Dalai Lama ?
Yeah , I deleted all that superstitious crap . What a waste of bandwidth !
I figured I might as well send one or two of them out . Maybe my luck will get better .
Do you really think the Dalai Lama sent that ? I'm tired of all these forwards .
It's time for bed .
But I'm not sleepy , Mum . Can I stay and watch more TV ?
It's already half past eleven . You have school tomorrow . You'll sleepy all tomorrow , if you don't sleep well tonight .
I know . But I promise I won't be sleepy tomorrow . I work really hard .
Don't you have the exams coming up soon ? I'm sure you could spend more time preparing for those .
Oh , I nearly forgot the exams .
You do well in maths , but your history is not good enough . Am I right ?
Yeah , I guess so . Maybe I can go to sleep now and get up early to review the lessons tomorrow .
An excellent idea . Work now and play later .
I know you're right . School is more important than TV . Can I watch one more show , then go to bed .
Excuse me , is this the baggage claim area from KL17 ?
Yes , can I help you ?
Well , this is my baggage claim tag . Can you get my baggage now ?
OK , here you are .
Now , what seems to be the trouble ?
It's nothing serious . But I always have a headache , and I haven't slept properly for several weeks . I've also lost appetite and my eyes are burning .
Mm , you do look rather pale . Let me take your temperature . Would you put the thermometer under your arm , please ? Now , let me listen to your pulse . Mm , do you feel weak ?
Yes , I never seem to have any energy .
I'll give you a blood test . Would you roll up your sleeve ? Just as I thought . You're anemic . You'd better pay more attention to your diet . Eat plenty of fresh fruit and vegetables and food high in protein . And don't stay up late working . Try to get more rest .
Don't worry , your baby is in my home .
Hello , thank you for calling Bradford and Sons . This is Tracy speaking , How may I help you ?
Hello . I would like to speak to your director of human resources , Ms . Jenkins , Please .
Just a moment . I'll check to see if she is at her desk . May I tell her who is calling ?
This is Bill Burton from Milford Insurance , I'm calling in regards to our meeting next Tuesday .
Thank you , Mr . Burton . Can you please hold for a moment ? I'll check to see if she is available .
No problem .
We've managed to reduce our energy consumption in our factory by about 15 per cent in the last two years .
That's excellent . How have you managed that ?
Mainly because we've invested in a heat recovery system .
What does that mean exactly ?
Well , we use the exhaust gases from our printing presses to provide energy to heat our dryers .
What other sources of energy do you use ?
Are you going to vote ?
Of course ! Are you ?
I plan to , but what day is the election ?
You should know that .
Can you just tell me ?
The election is this Tuesday .
Are you serious ?
I ' m not kidding .
It ' s a good thing I asked you .
That should ' Ve been something you knew already .
I couldn ' t remember .
hi , Lander . What's wrong ?
I can hardly make ends meet these days .
same here . I have't brought any new clothes for three months .
my income remains the same but prices just continue to rise .
true . The news says that there is a general increase in the price of daily necessities .
definitely . I have to spend 300 yuan more on food every month .
the biggest price jump is for pork , so most people have to turn to chicken .
is that inflation ?
inflation is more than just the rising prices , I guess . But the central bank is warning about the risk of inflation .
has the government taken some measures to curb it ?
yes . The government has banned price hikes in some key industries like energy .
but I'm afraid the price hikes will spill over from food into other areas of the economy .
you said it . I think we should tighten our budget and cut our spending .
how ?
for a start , we can take the public transport to work . You know , running a car is a big expense .
Dave , there's something I want to talk to you about .
Zina , why are you whispering ?
I've been talking to WebTracker . I'm thinking of jumping ship .
What ? Are you serious ? You'd defect to our archrival ! ?
Keep your voice down . We'll talk more later . Right now I need to see Vince .
We definitely have to talk , Zina . And watch your back . Elvin is still mad about his nose .
Are there any beds vacant ?
Yes , what kind of room do you want ?
I prefer one facing the sea . Besides , it should have a shower .
Sorry , right now we can only have you a room without shower .
Hey . Why did you take that money ? You are such a cheater ! I should send you to jail !
I am not cheating . When you pass go , you collect $ 200 , Everyone knows that !
Well you can ' t just take the money . You have to ask the bank for money . And I ' m the banker .
Banker ?
Yes ...
Can I have my $ 200 please ?
A :: Mr Clinton , it's nice to see you again .
Nice to see you again , too . Peter . How's your family ?
A :: Very well . How's Mrs Clinton ?
Jenny , what's wrong with you ? Why do you keep weeping like that ?
Mary told me that she had seen you with John last night . I got to know the fact that you are playing the field .
Please tell me something about your insurance background .
I majored in international banking at college so I took many insurance courses . And I worked at an insurance company for my graduation field work .
Why do you want to be an insurance agent ?
I care about people and I know the importance of insurance .
Do you have any work experience in promotion ?
Yes , I do . I have worked as a salesman for P & G Company Ltd .
Do people respond well to you ?
I do want to meet with you and take a look at your catalogue . We ' re redecorating and are going to add some things .
Well , I ' ll be glad to help you out . I can come out anytime on Tuesday or Thursday of next week .
Let ' s put it down for 1:15 on Thursday . We ' ll definitely need some new filing cabinets and at least one desk unit .
Excuse me , sir . Is there a barber near here ?
Yes , the nearest one is at the third cross of this road .
I'm a stranger here . How can I get there , please ?
Just walk down the road for a few minutes , and you'll find it on your right .
You look upset , anything wrong ?
I'm going to quit the job .
Why ?
The task is tough .
You'd look before you leap .
Do you sometimes feel overwhelmed by your work ?
Of course ! It is the No . 1 stressor in my life . You know job stress has become a very common problem these days . So we must learn to cope with it .
Totally agree . What is your solution ?
Well , there are two causes of job stress . One is employee characteristic and the other is company condition . So if we want to manage job stress , both we and the companies should do something . For me , I am trying to balance work and leisure time . You know , all work and no play make Jack a dull boy .
You seem to have a very relaxed outlook .
It is necessary . Positive attitude helps to prevent stress .
But I don ' t think we can change our working condition . Anyway , we are not the bosses .
Good afternoon ! Can I help you ?
Could you show me where the Chinesc-style clothing is located ? I want to buy a silk coat .
This way , please . Here they are . They're all handmade .
Oh , they look nice . May I try that black one on ?
Of course . The fitting room is right over there .
Do you have a medium in the same color ? This one is a little tight .
l'm sorry . All the black of that size are sold out . Would you like a red one ?
OK . Let me try it on . What do you think ?
Oh , that suits you very well . Besides it is believed in China that the red color brings happiness and good luck .
Really ? I'II take it and I'm leaving here tomorrow . Is it possible for you to send one in black to me by mail when you get it in ?
Our pleasure . Please fill out this form , leaving your address and telephone number .
Thanks . How much would that come to ?
Sun-set hotel . May I help you ?
Yes , I have booked a room for 24th . It's a double room .
Hold on , please . Let me check it for you . Yes , you're right . You will keep it for 3 days .
Well , now I want to change the date from 24th to 28th .
I'm sorry , but I can't find the book you lent me .
Oh , that's all right .
I must apologize . I'll buy you a new one tomorrow .
I need help using the washer and dryer .
Tell me what the problem is .
I can't figure out how to turn them on .
Do you have some quarters ?
I didn't know I needed change .
The washer costs 50 cents and the dryer costs a dollar .
Where do I put the change ?
The quarters go into the slot . You have to push the slot in , and the machine will turn on .
Is that everything that I have to do ?
That's all there is .
I appreciate you helping me with this .
Hello ? This is John Smith . Can I speak to Mr . White , please ?
This is Mr . White speaking .
Hi . I understand that you have a house for sale , haven ' t you ?
Yes .
I ' d like to know more about it .
Can you come to my office this afternoon at 3 o ' clock ?
OK . I will be there .
Thank you for calling . Goodbye .
Can I help you ?
Yes . I want to buy a pair of shoes .
Have you a pattern in your mind ?
Well , maybe sneakers or rubber shoes .
Is there any special brand you would like ?
I think Yoga might be suitable for me .
Why ?
Because it doesn't require a lot of energy and thus easy to keep up .
But I see people sweat a lot doing Yoga too .
I don't know . I just need to try it once . I'm in urgent need of some exercise to lose some weight .
Hello , Daisy , how are you doing ?
Fine , thank you . I haven ' t seen you for quite some time . What have you been up to recently ?
I have been spending a lot of time watching movies at home , so you wouldn't have seen me . Recently , I've been obsessed with horror films .
Oh , how can you be infatuated with horror films ? They're so scary .
Yeah , you are right I used to not watch horror films , but after seeing Silence of the Lamb with Mike last month , I fell in love with them .
It's amazing . But if I were you , I wouldn't have the courage to watch the first one .
But it's really exciting .
Maybe , but I would rather watch romance , science fiction , crime or even disaster movie instead of a horror picture . I wouldn't dare sleep at night after watching one .
Basically . you'll watch any type of movie except horror .
Yep .
I think you should have a try someday . Maybe you'll change your mind .
They ' ll do the operation for you this Friday .
But Saturday is my birthday .
I think it ' s important to do now . We can have a birthday party for you when you come out of the hospital .
But it won ' t be on my birthday .
Wei ! This is a first-you didn't bargain !
Bargain ? I'd feel way too guilty .
But you could have saved money .
From a sweet ma ? ! It's not worth it . Plus , I'd happily pay more for these things I bought !
F . Y . I . , there is a flea market nearby , but maybe you're done ...
How long will you stay in New York ?
Just tor three days . I won't need these luggages . CouId I put them here ?
I am sorry . If you have here more than 24 hours between connecting flights , we can't check your luggage through London .
Well , maybe I can put them in the airport storage there .
What can I do for you ?
I'd like to buy some milk powder . What would you recommend ?
We have many kinds of different purpose . I wonder whom you are buying for ?
My son . He is two years old .
I see , sir . This one is very good .
Is it ?
You may rest assured . It sells well .
May I have a look at the introduction ?
Good morning , may I speak with Professor Clark , please ?
You are speaking with Professor Clark .
Professor , I am Kalina from your morning literature class .
Yes , how can I help you ?
I ran my car into a tree yesterday and need to miss a few days of school .
Oh , my God ! I hope you are all right .
I have a concussion , but I will be OK .
How much school will you miss ?
I only need to take this week off .
Margaret , I'd like to follow up with the arrangements for our company retreat , to take place next month . We need to book the venue , make arrangements for speakers and door prizes , and set up all the activities and accommodations . Also , very important , we need to determine which of our staff will be eligible and will be available to go . We've got to get a head count in order to make reservations .
What's the criteria for staff to attend ? Are we only including our management team in this affair ? Or will we be extending invitations to lower level employees to attend ?
Susan is going to get a divorce .
How do you know that ?
She told me that Peter and she has a quarrel last nigh , and she left this morning , bag and baggage .
It's said that John's broken up .
Really ? But his wife has always waited on him hand and foot .
I hear that John's leading a double wife .
Look ! I bought these shoes only three weeks ago and there is a hole in them already .
If that happen to me , I ' ll take them back to the shop .
I did . But they said they won ' t change them .
What a nice day !
yes . How about going out and enjoying the sunshine on the grass ?
great , let's go !
hey , darling , I think I might have a little heatstroke from being in the sun all day . I was so relaxed . It felt as if I were in another world .
exactly . You know , the sunshine and wind remind me of our honeymoon . You remember ? The island , the sound of the waves , the salty sea air and the sunshine ...
yes , it was wonderful but it's already been a year . How time flies !
why not go again to celebrate out one-year anniversary ? We can go to the same beach , stay in the same hotel and enjoy a dinner in the same restaurant .
are you kidding ? Can you afford it ? Do you think we can get a room on such short notice ?
never mind that , I'll take care of it . Are you available next week ?
yeah , I think so .
ok . I'll make the arrangements . It will be great .
Ok , honey , time to take down the Christmas tree .
Do we have to ?
Come on , it ' s losing needles all the time and the branches are sagging .
It ' s not that bad , besides it really looks nice in that corner . It gives the room a good atmosphere .
A good atmosphere ? The tree is falling apart , and it ' s messing up the room .
But it makes the place feel so much like Christmas . I ' d really hate to have to take it down .
But Christmas was two weeks ago ! It ' s been there only because we ' Ve been too busy to get rid of it .
I know , but it seems like such a shame to have to take it away .
But it ' s falling apart , and the cat keeps playing with the lower branches .
I know , I know . But it reminds me of the great Christmas we just had . All of us were here - - my parents , your parents , the kids , and the cousins - - the food was good , and everybody got what they wanted .
Yeah , it was a good Christmas . It won ' t always be this good , but we can ' t make it last longer than it should .
Ok , fine . We need to take down the tree .
You guys are charging me $ 10 for a movie that I never ordered or saw .
Let's see , sir . According to your file , you watched ' Titanic ' Monday evening .
Well , the wrong information is in my file . I was at a concert Monday night .
Well , your word overrules the file , sir . One moment , please .
I knew you'd see it my way .
Sir , I deleted the $ 10 , but I had to add a $ 2 service charge to your bill .
Am I in the Twilight Zone ? You're charging me for a movie I never saw ?
Please don't blame me , sir . Blame the computer programmer .
This is highway robbery . I've got a good mind to call the police !
Hi , I'm George . I'll be your waiter this evening . Are you ready to order or do you need a few more minutes ?
I'm ready now . I'd like the roast chicken and a side order of corn .
And would you like an appetizer before your meal ? The soup of the day is our delicious tomato soup .
I'll pass on the soup , but I'd like a garden salad .
Can I get you anything to drink ? :
Yes , I'd like a glass of iced tea .
Okay . I'll be back in a minute with your drink and salad .
Good afternoon . I come here specially to pick up my tickets . I booked it last month . This is my reservation note .
I am terribly sorry . You didn't come to reconfirm recently . You should have come to pick up your ticket three days ago since it's an international flight , any reservation without reconfirmation within 72 hours will be cancelled .
It's beautiful here .
Yes . I feel refreshed .
How long will we dock ?
In half an hour . The surface of the lake is calm .
Here's the course description guide .
What do I do with it ?
Do you want me to help you ?
Please .
Look . Here are the core classes . Everyone has to take them .
So I don't have to worry about them .
You're catching on ! However , there are elective courses like wood shop , metal shop , home economics ...
I'll take home economics .
Hi , Bob , this is John Lin .
Hello , John .
I'm with Hartford public relations . I'd like to set up an appointment to come by and talk with you about our services .
Hi , Becky , what's up ?
Not much , except that my mother-in-law is driving me up the wall .
What's the problem ?
She loves to nit-pick and criticizes everything that I do . I can never do anything right when she ' s around .
For example ?
Well , last week I invited her over to dinner . My husband and I had no problem with the food , but if you listened to her , then it would seem like I fed her old meat and rotten vegetables . There's just nothing can please her .
No , I can't see that happening . I know you're a good cook and nothing like that would ever happen .
It's not just that . She also criticizes how we raise the kids .
Can you help me plan the office party ?
Sure . What do you need the most help with , the food or entertainment ?
I need help with food .
OK , well , let's coordinate our efforts . Should this party be formal or casual ?
I think it should be casual .
I agree . Next , we have to decide on food . We have a choice of Chinese or Continental Cuisine . Which one should we have ?
I would prefer Chinese food for this party .
Perfect choice . For music , should we have a live band or a DJ ?
I think we should hire a live band .
Good morning . My name is Mr . Brown . I ' m from Australia . Here is my card .
Thank you . I ' m pleased to meet you , Mr . Brown . My name is Kathy Pewless , the representative of Green Textile Import and Export Corporation .
Pleased to meet you too , Ms . Pewless . I travel a lot every year on business , but this is my first visit to your country . I must say I have been much impressed by your friendly people .
Thank you for saying so . Have you seen the exhibition halls ? On display are most of our products , such as silk , woolen knitwear , cotton piece goods , and garments .
Oh , yes . I had a look yesterday . I found some of the exhibits to be fine in quality and beautiful in design . The exhibition has successfully displayed to me what your corporation handles . I ' Ve gone over the catalogue and the pamphlets enclosed in your last letter . I ' Ve got some idea of your exports . I ' m interested in your silk blouses .
How was the movie last night ?
I didn't really like it .
Mary said that she was really pleased with the photography .
I found it very disappointing .
She liked the acting , too , because that's what she wanted to see .
I wasn't happy with it .
How's John doing ?
Hello ! Tomorrow I'm going to need a wake-up call .
Not a problem . What time shall we call you ?
I always hit the snooze button , so give me two calls , one at 7 and another at 7 fifteen .
It'll be our pleasure . We'll call you at 7 and then at 7 fifteen .
Oops , cancel that . Change the second call to 7 thirty will you , please ?
No sooner said than done . Can I help you with anything else ?
No , that's about it for now . Thanks .
did you watch the Oscars on Sunday night ?
no , but I heard about that Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt didn't attend .
yes , that was surprising . I heard that they got into a fight and then decided not to go .
they must be the most famous celebrity couple in Hollywood .
they're also one of the richest couples . They have so many money and they can buy almost anything they want .
I also heard that Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes made an appearance at the Oscars .
did either one of them win an Oscar this year ?
I think Tom might have been nominated for one of his films , but I don't think he won anything .
Tom Cruise may be handsome , but I think he's a bit crazy , don't you ?
yes , his marriage to Katie is actually quite scandalous .
I still think that they only got married to get more publicity for their movies and themselves .
people in show biz can have such an easy life ; I don't know why they have to make it so complicated .
I would never want to be a celebrity because the paparazzi would also be after you .
that's true . I guess it would be difficult to have people taking pictures of you everywhere you go .
thank goodness we're not rich and famous !
You have been here for how long ? Four months now ?
Yeah , about .
Do you know Chinese better now ?
Oh , definitely . I remember , when I first arrived in Guangzhou , my girlfriend was haggling with a sales clerk over the price of a mobile phone .
Oh , yeah . Many Chinese like to bargain . It happens almost everywhere .
I mean , I understand that . But the speed of the conversation got faster and faster , until it seemed to me that they would fight . My perception of the tone was that it was a violent shouting match . The truth was that it was a perfectly normal conversation .
A shouting match ? You ' re so funny . You must be exaggerating . I don ' t believe it .
I am not exaggerating at all . I ' m telling you the truth . That was how I felt at that time .
Yes , perhaps . Chinese usually don ' t notice that sort of thing . Maybe it ' s quite natural to us .
Hello , is that Xiaogang Li who applied for the Solar Studio of our college ?
Yes , speaking .
I want to know whether you will come to the interview . So have you accepted offers from other companies ?
Do you have experience in advertising ?
Yes , I used to have a part-time job in advertising company .
What were you mean duties there ?
I mostly did advertising planning .
What qualities do you think an advertising planner should have ?
I think an advertising planner should have active thoughts , creative talent , and be sensitive to the changes in the market .
What was the most important thing you have learned at work ?
Bob !
Anne ! I haven't seen you for ages . How ' Ve you been ?
Fine , just fine . And you ?
Not bad . It really is great to see you again . Where have you been ?
Who's it knocking at the door ?
I think it's the postman . Will you go and open the door ?
Are you ready for the camping trip ?
All set . I've got my makeup , my Cds , and my portable TV set ...
Hello ! We're supposed to be getting back to nature .
Yeah , yeah . Anyway ... I'm packed . Are you ?
I've been packed for a week . All my stuff is in this backpack .
Let me see ... two books ... birdseed ?
That's trail mix !
Hello , this is room 1205 . Our message lamp is flashing .
Hold on a minute , please .
Thank you .
I am sorry to have kept you waiting . Mr . Johns needs a telephone call from you .
Would you bring the message to my room .
I'm afraid we have nobody available at the moment .
Then I'll come down and pick up the message immediately .
Could you change these for me , please ?
What would you like ?
Twenties and some smaller bills , please .
Anything else ?
Have you ever shopped online ?
Quite often . It is very convenient , saving me a lot of time .
Do you have some experiences to share with me ? I want to have a try .
You are asking the right person . Here are two very important tips . First , you need to visit no more than one site to find the best products and prices . I can recommend you some online merchants . Second , write your mail address correctly . Otherwise , you can ' t receive your delivery in time .
What about the registration procedure ? Is that complicated ?
Not at all . You just need to provide your name , address , e-mail address , phone number and bank or credit card information . I will help you with that .
How ' s it going ?
I ' m fine . Thank you .
Do you need anything ?
I need you to help me .
What can I do for you ?
I am looking for an article in a newspaper .
Did you check the periodicals ?
I didn ' t even bother to think of that .
I ' ll show you where to find your article .
I get lost in this library .
It ' s right this way .
How about going to the cinema tonight ?
That's great . What's on tonight ?
I am not sure about the name of the film , but I know it's a romantic one .
Romantic ? I am afraid I like thrillers better .
Don't you think it's too bloody ?
The stepmother was very wicked . She couldn't stand a happy smile on the boy's face .
And ?
And she did her best to pull out the thorn in her flesh and the boy lost whatever made him happy .
Excuse me . I bought this shirt yesterday , but I would like to refund it .
Gave me the receipt , please .
Here is my receipt .
What's wrong with it ?
It's too small for me to wear .
Would you like another bigger one ?
No thanks . I want to have a refund .
When can you get the finished product to me ?
We should have it put together by the end of next week .
Great ! That ' ll be ahead of schedule ! Good work .
It's too hot to read .
We'd better go out for a walk .
Which season do you like best ?
Spring .
How about summer ?
I dislike it most .
Why ?
Because the hottest season is summer in a year .
Let's play chess .
I haven't played chess for a long time .
That's all right , I'm a beginner . I've just learnt how to play .
Look , there's a chessboard . Those two men have already finished playing .
You're a very good player
Not really , but once I won a prize .
So did I . I won a prize last week but it was a prize for beginners .
I guess I'm just a little nervous . I'm giving everything I have to invoking , and ...
and what if it doesn't work out , right ?
Exactly .
You need to quit thinking like a loser . invoking is going to kick butt . You know how I know ?
How ?
Because I won't let it fail .
Did you read the letter in the paper about smoking ? The person who wrote that must be crazy .
I don ' t think so . I think the government should do everything it can to discourage people from smoking .
Maybe so . But a law banning cigarettes will do no good .
May I help you ?
Give me a Big Mac , a small order of French fries and a medium Coke .
You'll need to wait a few minutes for the fries . They are still in the fryer .
That's fine .
Your total comes to $ 7 .
Here's a twenty . Could you give me some more napkins ?
Sure . Your cash back is $ 13 . And we'll bring out your fries in two minutes .
Good afternoon , madam . How can I help you ?
Well , I am a bit out of shape . I'm thinking about getting some exercises to keep fit .
Oh , that's good news for us .
So what do you provide ?
First of all , we'll design a custom-made work-out plan according to your habits .
How can you get that done ?
Well , we give each of our customers a personal trainer who is qualified . And he will give you a fitness assessment and then come up with the work-out plan for your needs .
What else ?
Since everyone is different , your personal trainer will find you a suitable type of exercise equipment and teach you all the techniques to help you achieve your fitness level and goal .
Sounds pretty good . What about the charge ?
That depends . We offer membership for one month , half a year and one year .
Maybe one month . Just have a try first . Not too tough at the beginning .
May I help you , ma'ma ?
Please , where do I catch the plane for New York ?
First you must check in at Counter No . 4 .
That one there ?
That's right . Then you will follow the signs to Gate 85 .
Hello . Can you tell me what the procedures of applying for a job are ?
Yes , of course . There are many steps . You can apply for the job on the Internet and then send your resume to the e-mail address of the company . And wail the feedback of the company .
What is the qualification needed by the position ?
Hi Joe , how are you doing today ?
Things are going good today . How have you been doing , Mary ?
Things are going well for me , Joe .
Want to go see a movie tonight ?
My parents are taking me to dinner tonight .
Could you go with me to the movies on Friday night , instead ?
What movie did you want to see ?
There is a new horror flick about a rapist serial killer .
I was thinking that I would like to see " The Secret Life of Bees . "
Hello ! I'm sorry to bother you . This is a complimentary fruit tray . Your food will be ready soon .
Wow ! It's a fruit sculpture ! Your chef is a real artist !
Actually , uh , I made it myself ...
You did ? Wow ! Where did you learn ...
What game do you like ?
I like board games . I like chinese chess and draughts .
I ' Ve never played Chinese chess before , but I ' Ve seen old men playing it in the street . It looks complicated .
It ' s about as complicated as chess . The basic rule and moves are simple enough , but there are many strategies that players need to learn .
I like playing cards . I ' m pretty good at poker . Do you play cards ?
I ' m terrible at cards and so I never play games which involve gambling , like poker . If I did , I ' d lose all my money .
Do you play bridge ?
Yes , I do . It ' s hard to find four players though , so I don ' t play very often . Do you know anyone who plays ? If so , we could set up a game .
I can play quite well . I have a friend who likes playing , but she ' s not very good at it . Shall I invite her to play ?
Sure , I have a friend who play fairly well . We should find out when our friends are free and arrange a game .
Billy , you are late again .
I'm sorry I'm late . I overslept . Is the manager here today ?
Yes he ' s in his office .
Oh , I hope he didn't notice me .
Don't take any chances . It'd be best if you told him and promised not to be late again . He's already mad at you for last 2 times . Any more and he might fire you .
You said it . It won't happen again . Do you really think he'd fire me ?
I think he might . You'd better go to his office .
You are probably right . I'll go right now and apologize . I try hard not to be late but it is difficult with Beijing traffic .
What's wrong with you , young man ?
Doctor , I have a bad cough and a headache .
Do you have a fever ?
I don't know , but I feel terrible .
Let me examine you . Don't worry . It's nothing serious .
Do you think I should lie in bed ?
Yes , stay in bed and drink a lot of water . Your fever will be gone in a day or two .
OK . Do you think I can play football tomorrow ?
Of course not . You need a good rest .
Look , how grand magnificent the Tiananmen Gate tour is !
What's Tiananmen famous for ?
It is largest pop square in the world . you see that is monument for the people's hero , and the Chairman Mao memorial hall on the south . there is great hall of the people on the west . there are two museums on the east .
What's that ?
That's the Forbidden city on the north of Gate building .
Who's that ?
Excuse me , waiter , I would like to have some wine before the main course .
Have you decided what wine you would like ?
I have no idea . Maybe you can give me some advice .
I recommend you the white wine . It will wake up your appetite .
I'm going to go shopping for groceries in a little bit .
Why , do we need groceries ?
I believe we are all out of food .
Do you know what to get ?
I don't know what we need .
Why don't you go and check the refrigerator ?
I would appreciate it if you would do that for me .
Why don't you just get the basics ?
What do you mean ?
Eggs , milk , bread . Things like that .
Go make that list .
Nice to meet you here . How come you dropped into this company today ?
My boss sent me here to take some business documents back to his office . I didn't know you were working here . What a surprise . How long have you been doing this ?
Two years or so .
That is great . Do you have to work the night shift ?
No , in most cases I don't have to unless there is something urgent to deal with . I work five days a week .
Do you enjoy work here ?
It is hard to say . But I've to start by working as a trainee before I really become an experienced marketing assistant . Sometimes , I am really under great pressure when it gets busy .
Take it easy . I'm sure you will gain enough experience while working as a marketing assistant . I hope you haven't been given much trouble in the job .
Luckily not . The silent I meet are generally very friendly and have a good boss .
Listen , Karen , I need your help . I don't know anyone here yet .
I'm glad to help you . What's wrong ?
My mother-in-law just went into the hospital in L . A . Hank and I will be flying there tonight .
I'm sorry to hear it . What's wrong with her ?
Doctors aren't sure yet . But the real problem is Suzy . She has a bad cold , and we don't want to take her with us . But we don't know who can stay with her .
You need a babysitter .
Yes , I'd ask Jill , the girl I've had before , but I need someone overnight . Maybe even for two nights .
I could have Suzy stay at my place .
I don't want to do that to you , Karen .
Why not ?
Your own kids would get Suzy's cold . I think it would be better to have a good babysitter here . But I don't know who to ask . I need someone more mature than Jill . It might even be for two or three days .
I know who we can ask . There is a girl I know , Sara Ralston . She is 17 , and she will usually take this kind of job . I know her from my church , and I trust her completely .
I'd like to talk with her . This is short notice , I know . But Hank and I are leaving tonight .
I'll get you her number . I hope she can do it . She is very responsible .
I'm glad you know someone . I knew you would be the best person to ask about this . I don't want to insult Jill or her mother . I think Jill maybe could do it . But I'd rather have someone a little older .
I'll go home and get Sara's number . I'll call her first myself .
I'm really in a flap about the interview .
Take it easy . you ' Ve made enough preparations .
I'm in such a need of the job that I can't afford any mistakes .
The plumbing in my new apartment is not working .
I need you to tell me what the problem is .
The bathroom sink is stopped up .
Is the kitchen plumbing messed up also , or just the bathroom plumbing ?
Just the bathroom plumbing seems to have a problem .
Did this just start happening , or has it been going on for a while ?
Everything worked beautifully until a few hours ago .
Are you going to be home so I can come by and take a look at the problem ?
I am not sure if I will be home later .
Who are those guys ?
Kobe Bryant and Shaquille O ' Neal , they are the Los Angeles Lakers ' star players .
Oh .
Wait a second . He shoots , he scores !
All right !
Here comes Jordan , though .
Wow , Michael Jordan ' s slam-dunks are beautiful things to watch .
Yeah . He ' s older , so he doesn ' t slam as much as he did when he was younger , but when he does , it ' s still amazing .
Which team do you think will win ?
I don't believe we've met .
No , I don't think we have .
My name is Gao Run .
How do you do ? My name is James Green .
Here's my name card .
And here's mine .
It's nice to finally meet you .
House keeping . May I come in ?
Come in please .
Good evening , sir . I come to make the bed . Shall I do it now or later ?
Well , since you have come , do it now please ?
That's all . Have a nice stay here .
Thank you . Please get some soap for us .
Look , that bamboo groves are flourishing . Let's go and play there .
Wait ! Look at that board , what's on it ?
' Please don't enter the bamboo groves . ' We're not allowed to go in .
Then we'd better not go .
Did you set your clock forward for daylight savings time ?
What ? Why do we have to do that ?
Well , at the start of the spring we usually have more daylight in the mornings and less in the afternoon . This is basically due to our position on the planet and the rotation of the earth . In any case , to take better advantage of the daylight available , we compensate by moving our clocks forward one hour .
I see . That ' s convenient ! I never understood things like this , such as GMT . I never know what time zone we are in or when to change my clock !
That just stands for Greenwich Mean Time . Here in California , we are in Pacific Standard Time , that is eight time zones west of Greenwich . Remember when we were in Beijing ? Well , then we were in China Standard Time , and that ' s eight time zones east of Greenwich !
Hello . This is Mrs . Wilson . I'd like to buy a new car . Could you offer me a new type of the car , please ? Oh , Madam , buy what ?
Oh , Madam , buy what ? A new car . And I've got a small family , two children , and I haven't got a lot of money and ...
A new car . And I've got a small family , two children , and I haven't got a lot of money and ... Oh , oh , Madam , Madam , I'm afraid you have the wrong number .
Oh , oh , Madam , Madam , I'm afraid you have the wrong number . Isn't this the car store ?
Isn't this the car store ? No . It's Mike's Sporting Goods .
No . It's Mike's Sporting Goods . Oh , sorry . Do you know the number for a car store , then ?
Oh , sorry . Do you know the number for a car store , then ? No . I don't . I suggest you look in the phone book .
No . I don't . I suggest you look in the phone book . I'm sorry to have bothered you .
How do you get road news ? I've a driver mate in my car !
I've a driver mate in my car ! So you have all the news on broadcast ?
I was wondering if you could help me with something . Sure , anything you say .
Sure , anything you say . Actually , it ' s a little bit silly .
Actually , it ' s a little bit silly . Don ' t worry about it , just ask .
Don ' t worry about it , just ask . What words do I need to know to buy a pair of shoes ?
What words do I need to know to buy a pair of shoes ? You need to know the type of shoes you want .
You need to know the type of shoes you want . Don ' t worry about that . I can point it out in the store .
Don ' t worry about that . I can point it out in the store . The shoes can be comfortable or not comfortable , too wide , too narrow , or just right ; and long or short . In girls shoes , the heel can be high or low .
Do you want some dessert ? No , thank you . Check , please .
No , thank you . Check , please . Wait a moment . I will calculate it for you . Your bill comes to $ 36 .
Why'd you pull me over ? Are you aware that you drove through a red light ?
Are you aware that you drove through a red light ? I ran a red light ?
I ran a red light ? Yes , you did .
Yes , you did . I apologize , but I didn't realize that I did .
I apologize , but I didn't realize that I did . Weren't you taught that yellow means slow down , not speed up ?
Weren't you taught that yellow means slow down , not speed up ? I did learn that .
I did learn that . So , then why did you speed up ?
So , then why did you speed up ? I don't know what to tell you .
I don't know what to tell you . I'm going to have to write you a ticket .
I'm going to have to write you a ticket . I understand .
What are the factors that have great impact on the perspective of this corporation ? External factors . I think the main external factors are political , economic , social and technological factors .
External factors . I think the main external factors are political , economic , social and technological factors . What are the internal factors that influence the company ?
Can you tell me where the pots and pans are ? Pots and pans are right over there .
Pots and pans are right over there . Oh , thank you .
Oh , thank you . Could I interest you in our store credit card ?
Could I interest you in our store credit card ? No , thanks . I already have credit cards .
No , thanks . I already have credit cards . But our credit card saves you 10 percent .
But our credit card saves you 10 percent . That's a nice discount .
That's a nice discount . Here . Let me give you an application form .
Here . Let me give you an application form . Thank you , but I'm just browsing today .
Would you come to spend the weekend with us ? Oh , I ' m afraid I can ' t . I ' Ve had a date already .
Oh , I ' m afraid I can ' t . I ' Ve had a date already . That ' s too bad .
Excuse me . I have an appointment with Mr . Li at nine . May I come in ? Yes , come in please . I am Mr . Li . You must be My Liu , right ?
Yes , come in please . I am Mr . Li . You must be My Liu , right ? Yes , I am My Liu . Thanks .
Yes , I am My Liu . Thanks . I'd like to start this interview with some questions . Why do you think you are qualified for this position ?
I'd like to start this interview with some questions . Why do you think you are qualified for this position ? According to your advertisement , you want an experienced software engineer . I think my background meets the requirement of this position .
According to your advertisement , you want an experienced software engineer . I think my background meets the requirement of this position . Then tell me something about your background .
Then tell me something about your background . My major was computer science when I was at college , and I am quite familiar with Visual C + + and Java language .
My major was computer science when I was at college , and I am quite familiar with Visual C + + and Java language . Well , what do you think about the development in computers ?
Well , what do you think about the development in computers ? The developments in software are going ahead very quickly and more and more problems are resolved by software . In some regions , the hardware is completely replaced by software . So I think the software industry has a great future .
The developments in software are going ahead very quickly and more and more problems are resolved by software . In some regions , the hardware is completely replaced by software . So I think the software industry has a great future . Have you ever designed any programs concerning network ?
Have you ever designed any programs concerning network ? Yes , I have designed some programs for the network with Visual C + + and I have passed the test for programmers - MUSE .
Yes , I have designed some programs for the network with Visual C + + and I have passed the test for programmers - MUSE . Have you got anything to ask me ?
Have you got anything to ask me ? Yes , can you tell me what's my responsibility in this position ?
Yes , can you tell me what's my responsibility in this position ? Yes , of course . You would be responsible for the development of software products .
Yes , of course . You would be responsible for the development of software products . I see . This is my advantage .
I see . This is my advantage . Good . Have you got any other questions ?
Good . Have you got any other questions ? No .
No . Ok , I will contact you in a week . See you .
Bother the flies ! Where do they come from ?
Where do they come from ? I don't know . Something rotten here ?
I need to stop eating such unhealthy foods . I know what you mean . I've started eating better myself .
I know what you mean . I've started eating better myself . What foods do you eat now ?
What foods do you eat now ? I tend to stick to fruits , vegetables , and chicken .
I tend to stick to fruits , vegetables , and chicken . Those are the only things you eat ?
Those are the only things you eat ? That's basically what I eat .
That's basically what I eat . Why aren't you eating anything else ?
Why aren't you eating anything else ? Well , fruits and vegetables are very healthy .
Well , fruits and vegetables are very healthy . And the chicken ?
And the chicken ? It's really healthy to eat when you bake it .
Good morning . May I help you ? Yes , I'd like to check out now . My name's Adams , room 312 . Here's the key .
Yes , I'd like to check out now . My name's Adams , room 312 . Here's the key . One moment , please , sir . ... Here's your bill . Would you like to check and see if the amount is correct ?
One moment , please , sir . ... Here's your bill . Would you like to check and see if the amount is correct ? What's the 14 pounds for ?
What's the 14 pounds for ? That's for the phone calls you made from your room .
That's for the phone calls you made from your room . Can I pay with traveller's cheques ?
Can I pay with traveller's cheques ? Certainly . May I have your passport , please ?
Certainly . May I have your passport , please ? Here you are .
Here you are . Could you sign each cheque here for me ?
Could you sign each cheque here for me ? Sure .
Sure . Here are your receipt and your change , sir . Thank you .
Hello , ma ' am , can I help you find something ? Yes , actually I ' m looking to buy a camera .
Yes , actually I ' m looking to buy a camera . We ' Ve got a wide selection do you know if you ' d like a point-and-shoot , or something a little fancier ? Are you shopping for yourself or for someone else ?
We ' Ve got a wide selection do you know if you ' d like a point-and-shoot , or something a little fancier ? Are you shopping for yourself or for someone else ? Actually I ' m buying a camera for my husband .
Actually I ' m buying a camera for my husband . Ah , well then I ' d recommend a nice entry-level digital SLR .
Ah , well then I ' d recommend a nice entry-level digital SLR . Yeah ? Can I take a look at the Sirs you carry ?
Yeah ? Can I take a look at the Sirs you carry ? Sure thing , follow me . This here is the .
Sure thing , follow me . This here is the . The Canon Eos . Yeah it ' s ok , but I ' m looking for something that performs better in low light , has a better display panel , and longer battery life .
The Canon Eos . Yeah it ' s ok , but I ' m looking for something that performs better in low light , has a better display panel , and longer battery life . Oh , ah , um the Nikon D60 is a nice option .
Oh , ah , um the Nikon D60 is a nice option . Yeah , but what kit lens does this camera come with ? I don ' t want some bulky telephoto lens .
Yeah , but what kit lens does this camera come with ? I don ' t want some bulky telephoto lens . Oh , well this one has the , uh .
Oh , well this one has the , uh . Looks to me like an 18-55 mm lens . pretty standard , that will do . Not like my husband will be stalking celebrities or anything !
Looks to me like an 18-55 mm lens . pretty standard , that will do . Not like my husband will be stalking celebrities or anything ! So , ahem , can I interest you in any acc ...
So , ahem , can I interest you in any acc ... Accessories ? Do you carry polarizing filters ?
Accessories ? Do you carry polarizing filters ? Polarizing filter um we should ! I ' m sorry , ma ' am . It looks like we ' re sold out .
Polarizing filter um we should ! I ' m sorry , ma ' am . It looks like we ' re sold out . No you ' re not ! There are some right here !
No you ' re not ! There are some right here ! Oh , well , would you look at that ! Polarizing filters .
Oh , well , would you look at that ! Polarizing filters . Thanks for your help , Ralph !
How's the bride-to-be ? Tired and stressed . This wedding is giving me a headache .
Tired and stressed . This wedding is giving me a headache . Just relax . With me as your maid of honor , everything will be fine !
Just relax . With me as your maid of honor , everything will be fine ! I'm worried that everything will be chaotic !
I'm worried that everything will be chaotic ! Hey ! I'm the tour guide . I'll take care of the Taiwanese guests .
Hey ! I'm the tour guide . I'll take care of the Taiwanese guests . You're going to have to tell them what to do in church , what everything means ...
Honey , I have something important to say . Something important ?
Something important ? Yes . I have just booked two tickets .
Yes . I have just booked two tickets . Tickets ? What tickets ?
Tickets ? What tickets ? Two air tickets .
Two air tickets . Air tickets ?
Air tickets ? Yes . We will fly to Paris the day after tomorrow .
Yes . We will fly to Paris the day after tomorrow . We ? The day after tomorrow ? What are you talking about ?
We ? The day after tomorrow ? What are you talking about ? Today is June 18 , isn ' t it ?
Today is June 18 , isn ' t it ? Yes . So ?
Yes . So ? Think about it !
Think about it ! Then it is June 20 the day after tomorrow .
Then it is June 20 the day after tomorrow . Yes . Think about it carefully .
Yes . Think about it carefully . Oh , come on . Tell me please . Why did you book tickets to Paris ?
Oh , come on . Tell me please . Why did you book tickets to Paris ? Oh , honey ! Don ' t you remember this important day to us ?
Oh , honey ! Don ' t you remember this important day to us ? Sorry .
Sorry . It is our 10th wedding anniversary this June 20 .
It is our 10th wedding anniversary this June 20 . Our 10th wedding anniversary ?
Our 10th wedding anniversary ? Of course . You completely forgot it .
Of course . You completely forgot it . Darling . I think you have made a mistake .
Darling . I think you have made a mistake . I have made a mistake ?
I have made a mistake ? Yes . We married on July 20 ten years ago .
Yes . We married on July 20 ten years ago . July 20 ? But I think it should be June 20 .
July 20 ? But I think it should be June 20 . Yes . We had planned to marry on June 20 , but something happened , so we had to put off our wedding day .
Yes . We had planned to marry on June 20 , but something happened , so we had to put off our wedding day . Yes . I remember now . We put it off . I did make a mistake . But how shall we deal with the tickets ?
It's quit a big cafeteria , isn't it ? Sure . I usually have my lunch here . The food is tasty and they offer a big variety .
Sure . I usually have my lunch here . The food is tasty and they offer a big variety . Let's line up . The steak is very inviting . I'll have it .
Let's line up . The steak is very inviting . I'll have it . I'll have ham and egg with French fries . What dessert do you want ?
I'll have ham and egg with French fries . What dessert do you want ? Banana pie .
Banana pie . Where shall we sit ?
Good afternoon . Can I help you ? I need some remedies for an upset stomach .
I need some remedies for an upset stomach . Are you also suffering from pain and fever ?
Are you also suffering from pain and fever ? Yes , and I also have the runs
Yes , and I also have the runs I'll give you some tablets that should make you feel better . One moment , please . Here you are . Take these tablets three times a day swallow them with water .
I'll give you some tablets that should make you feel better . One moment , please . Here you are . Take these tablets three times a day swallow them with water . When should I take them ?
When should I take them ? Take on after each meal .
Take on after each meal . How long should I continue taking them ?
How long should I continue taking them ? Take them for two days . If your symptoms persist for more than two days , you should see a doctor Also , be sure to drink plenty of water to prevent dehydration .
Hi , Dan . What's new ? Where have you been ? I've been trying to get in touch with you for two days .
Where have you been ? I've been trying to get in touch with you for two days . I went to Salt Lake City on business . What's up ?
I went to Salt Lake City on business . What's up ? I got fired .
I got fired . How come ? Last time I saw you . You told me it was a good job , and you'd like to take it as a career . That was only one month ago . Why this sudden change ?
How come ? Last time I saw you . You told me it was a good job , and you'd like to take it as a career . That was only one month ago . Why this sudden change ? It's a long story . In a word , I didn't do a good job of it . I messed up a business deal , a deal that would have made ten million dollars and I messed it up .
It's a long story . In a word , I didn't do a good job of it . I messed up a business deal , a deal that would have made ten million dollars and I messed it up . What are you going to do now ?
What are you going to do now ? I am trying to find a job asap . Lily doesn't know yet . I didn't tell her . I spent the past three days at the coffee shop next to your office , and she thought I went to work as usual .
I am trying to find a job asap . Lily doesn't know yet . I didn't tell her . I spent the past three days at the coffee shop next to your office , and she thought I went to work as usual . That's not the way to solve the problem . Did you look in the classified advertisements column ?
That's not the way to solve the problem . Did you look in the classified advertisements column ? Yes , I did . But I wasn't qualified for most of the jobs that I was interested in .
Yes , I did . But I wasn't qualified for most of the jobs that I was interested in . Listen . I will see what I can do , ok ? You go home and tell Lily about this problem you have now . She is your wife and I am sure she will understand .
Have you got any cheaper ones ? Here are some . They ' re on special sale these days .
Let's program your courses . Since you have had English literature , you should take American literature and American prose and fiction . You transcript indicate that your English background is strong , so I don't think you have any problem with it . How many credits for each course ?
How many credits for each course ? Three , you also should take two three-credit-course in education department .
Excuse me , does this bus go to the new bookstore ? No , you'll have to get off at the bank , and take a No . 50 .
No , you'll have to get off at the bank , and take a No . 50 . Thank you . How much is the fare to that stop ?
Thank you . How much is the fare to that stop ? One dollar .
One dollar . How many stops are there ?
How many stops are there ? Two stops after this one .
Two stops after this one . Could you please tell me when we get there ?
Could you please tell me when we get there ? Sure .
Sure . By the way , do I need a transfer again after No . 50 ?
By the way , do I need a transfer again after No . 50 ? No , a No . 50 will take you right there .
I will take it . How much ? $ 60 .
$ 60 . I am sure you can do better than that .
I am sure you can do better than that . Sorry , sir . It's the sale price .
Sorry , sir . It's the sale price . Well , what about $ 70 with a scarf ?
We have made some adjustment on the prices . And this is renewed price list . Thank you for allowing us 3 % reduction , but still we find your price is on the high side .
Thank you for allowing us 3 % reduction , but still we find your price is on the high side . This is our rock-bottom price , and we can't make any further reduction .
This is our rock-bottom price , and we can't make any further reduction . If so , we find it difficult for us to go on with our talks .
If so , we find it difficult for us to go on with our talks . Then what ' s your counter-offer ?
Then what ' s your counter-offer ? This is our counter-offer .
This is our counter-offer . We are sincere to make business with you , but the difference between your counter-offer and our price is too great .
We are sincere to make business with you , but the difference between your counter-offer and our price is too great . So are we . Our counter-offer is in line with the world market .
So are we . Our counter-offer is in line with the world market . How about meeting each other half-way in order to conclude the business ?
Hello , sir , what can I do for you today ? Hello , I need a new suit . I have an important interview next week , so I really need to look sharp .
Hello , I need a new suit . I have an important interview next week , so I really need to look sharp . No problem ! We have a broad selection of suits , all tailored made so that it will fit perfectly .
No problem ! We have a broad selection of suits , all tailored made so that it will fit perfectly . Great ! I want a three piece suit , preferably made from Italian cashmere or wool .
Great ! I want a three piece suit , preferably made from Italian cashmere or wool . Very well sir . Would you like to have some shirts made also ?
Very well sir . Would you like to have some shirts made also ? Sure . I ' ll also take some silver cuff link and a pair of silk ties .
How much will my pay be , if you don ' t mind my asking ? We would like to start you off at 1,500 yuan a month , not including bonus and overtime pay . We don ' t give bonus every month , but we offer a semi-annual bonus . And you will receive two weeks paid vacation a year , as well . Does it suit you ?
We would like to start you off at 1,500 yuan a month , not including bonus and overtime pay . We don ' t give bonus every month , but we offer a semi-annual bonus . And you will receive two weeks paid vacation a year , as well . Does it suit you ? Yes , thank you . May I ask for an apartment ?
May I have a look at that vase , please ? Of course . It's the best one I have here---and it's only 300 yuan .
Of course . It's the best one I have here---and it's only 300 yuan . Oh , it's really nice , but to tell the truth , that's far too expensive .
Welcome to China , Mr . Smith . Thank you . So pleasant to meet you here !
Thank you . So pleasant to meet you here ! I heard that you are interested in our silk skirts and new style of coats .
I heard that you are interested in our silk skirts and new style of coats . Yes , I've brought a list of your recent products with me . We'd like to import some of your latest clothes for the second half of this year . We're ready to place an order with you .
Yes , I've brought a list of your recent products with me . We'd like to import some of your latest clothes for the second half of this year . We're ready to place an order with you . Great ! B , most of the items listed are available this year . I hope we can come to an agreement and sign the contracts , so as to enable our timely delivery .
Great ! B , most of the items listed are available this year . I hope we can come to an agreement and sign the contracts , so as to enable our timely delivery . That sounds good . But I have a proposal now .
That sounds good . But I have a proposal now . What's the proposal ?
What's the proposal ? Both of our two parties were involved in the discussion previously . Shall we also allow some of our clients to join us ?
Both of our two parties were involved in the discussion previously . Shall we also allow some of our clients to join us ? Good idea ! In this way , our clients ' needs will be met and disagreements between the two parties avoided .
Are you free tomorrow night ? Yes , I am .
Yes , I am . Shall we have dinner together ?
Shall we have dinner together ? Do you have a special restaurant in mind ?
Do you have a special restaurant in mind ? Yes , I do . I know a place that has excellent food .
I heard you've found a new job . Yes , I'm now working in a company .
Yes , I'm now working in a company . So you're quite happy with your new job ?
Hi , Tina , I ' Ve got good news . I have successfully passed the first two rounds of interview with ABC Company . They informed me to go to the final round next Monday . It looks very promising . That is awesome . Congratulation ! I know you can make it .
That is awesome . Congratulation ! I know you can make it . Thanks . Let ' s go for a celebration this evening . Are you free ?
Thanks . Let ' s go for a celebration this evening . Are you free ? Yes . Wait for me at the cafe down my office building . See 5PM , ok ?
Yes . Wait for me at the cafe down my office building . See 5PM , ok ? No problem . See you !
Sarah , what did you do today ? I went shopping .
I went shopping . Did you buy anything ?
Did you buy anything ? Yes , I bought a few things .
Yes , I bought a few things . What did you buy ?
What did you buy ? I bought this coat . Do you like it ?
I bought this coat . Do you like it ? Yeah , I like it a lot . It's very pretty . Where did you buy it ?
Yeah , I like it a lot . It's very pretty . Where did you buy it ? At the mall on 5th street .
At the mall on 5th street . Was it expensive ?
Was it expensive ? No , it wasn't expensive . It was on sale for 20 dollars .
No , it wasn't expensive . It was on sale for 20 dollars . That's cheap .
That's cheap . I know . It was a really good deal .
Hi , Victor . How are you ? Oh , I'm fine .
Oh , I'm fine . So , are you going to go to class tonight ?
So , are you going to go to class tonight ? Maybe ... but I don't think so .
Maybe ... but I don't think so . Really ? What's the matter ?
Really ? What's the matter ? I don't know . I'm just feeling a little sad .
I don't know . I'm just feeling a little sad . Listen . Come with me to class , and after class we can go out for dinner .
Are you interested in history ? Yes , I am . I enjoyed studying it at school , though I had trouble remembering all the dates , so my teacher never gave me good marks .
Yes , I am . I enjoyed studying it at school , though I had trouble remembering all the dates , so my teacher never gave me good marks . I love history , but I ' Ve always thought that learning the reasons behind events is more important than remembering exactly when they happened .
I love history , but I ' Ve always thought that learning the reasons behind events is more important than remembering exactly when they happened . I wish you had been my history teacher ! I might have got better marks !
I wish you had been my history teacher ! I might have got better marks ! Some people say that history repeats itself .
Some people say that history repeats itself . What does that mean ? The same events never happen twice , do they ?
What does that mean ? The same events never happen twice , do they ? The idea is that the people and dates change , but the reason why things happen stay the same .
I ' d like to apply for a personal loan . How much would you like to borrow ?
How much would you like to borrow ? A thousand dollars .
A thousand dollars . Let me check with a credit manager . A record show your credit reading is quite high . I don't think you have any problems .
Let me check with a credit manager . A record show your credit reading is quite high . I don't think you have any problems . What ' s the current interest rate ?
Doris , I'm glad you're home . I'm terrified . I don't know what to do ! What is it ? What happened ?
What is it ? What happened ? I think someone is stalking me .
I think someone is stalking me . No , it can't be . Really ? Who ?
No , it can't be . Really ? Who ? I don't know . I saw him the first time Tuesday . He was at the cafe . I noticed he was looking at me a lot . Not just the usual looking , but staring . He just kept staring at me . He didn't stop .
I don't know . I saw him the first time Tuesday . He was at the cafe . I noticed he was looking at me a lot . Not just the usual looking , but staring . He just kept staring at me . He didn't stop . What did you do ?
What did you do ? I didn't do anything . Finally , he left . But then I saw him again today . Outside the shoe store . Near the cafe . I went into a CD store and pretended I was looking at CD's . But then he came in too .
I didn't do anything . Finally , he left . But then I saw him again today . Outside the shoe store . Near the cafe . I went into a CD store and pretended I was looking at CD's . But then he came in too . Did he leave when you left ?
Did he leave when you left ? Yes . Then I noticed he was on the sidewalk behind me . He was following me .
Hi , who has the remote control ? I do . Why , do you want me to change the channel ?
I do . Why , do you want me to change the channel ? Yes , please . I can't stand watching the channel any more .
Yes , please . I can't stand watching the channel any more . I think they have pretty good programmes . But I'll change it if you really want .
I think they have pretty good programmes . But I'll change it if you really want . Put it on Channel 5 , OK ?
Put it on Channel 5 , OK ? Oh , I hate Channel 5 . I'd rather just listen to the radio .
Oh , I hate Channel 5 . I'd rather just listen to the radio . Don't make such a fuss . I'm sure you will like today's programme .
Don't make such a fuss . I'm sure you will like today's programme . What's on today ?
What's on today ? A basketball match between Chinese team and American team .
A basketball match between Chinese team and American team . Really ? I'm interested in it .
What's the weather forecast for today ? Cloudy in the morning , overcast in the afternoon .
Cloudy in the morning , overcast in the afternoon . Any rain ?
Any rain ? No , but I wouldn't be surprised if it rained tomorrow .
So , Paula , where are you from ? I'm from Canada , originally .
I'm from Canada , originally . From Canada ? Where were you born ?
From Canada ? Where were you born ? Montreal .
Montreal . When did you come to Los Angeles ?
When did you come to Los Angeles ? We moved here when I was fourteen .
We moved here when I was fourteen . Did you go to school here ?
Did you go to school here ? Well , I went to high school here , but I went to college in Texas .
Well , I went to high school here , but I went to college in Texas . Did you get a job right after graduation ?
Did you get a job right after graduation ? No , I traveled for a while in Europe after college , and then I lived in France .
No , I traveled for a while in Europe after college , and then I lived in France . When was that ?
When was that ? Let's see ... That was about six years ago .
Let's see ... That was about six years ago . I bet that was interesting . What did you do there ?
Hello , Sir . So , you are back ? Yes , hello again . I would like to know the exact difference between Dividend Deposit and Dividend Participated Deposit .
Yes , hello again . I would like to know the exact difference between Dividend Deposit and Dividend Participated Deposit . That's pretty easy to explain . With the Deposit , the interest is fixed , but the Dividend of each policy will be transferred automatically into your bank account by the end of each year . The longer the term , the higher the Dividend you earn . This is because it is calculated at the Compound Interest Rate .
That's pretty easy to explain . With the Deposit , the interest is fixed , but the Dividend of each policy will be transferred automatically into your bank account by the end of each year . The longer the term , the higher the Dividend you earn . This is because it is calculated at the Compound Interest Rate . And I can purchase that here ?
I can't believe how hot it is . It's not even noon yet .
It's not even noon yet . That means it will get hotter .
That means it will get hotter . I am dying from the heat .
I am dying from the heat . Turn on the air conditioner .
Turn on the air conditioner . It doesn't work .
It doesn't work . What happened ?
What happened ? I don't know .
I don't know . Did you call the repairman ?
Did you call the repairman ? Of course .
Of course . When is he coming ?
The Phoenix team overpowered its counterpart 86 to 50 . They're absolutely right to get a replacement for 21 .
They're absolutely right to get a replacement for 21 . If the Phoenix beats the Rocket , it will enter the final .
Please tell me how to file things according to the concerned rules . Well , all right . There are four points you should keep in mind when you file documents , information and other things .
Well , all right . There are four points you should keep in mind when you file documents , information and other things . What are they ?
What are they ? They are keep the documents in chronological order , remove all the chips and pins , punch the documents evenly and place them in the folder .
They are keep the documents in chronological order , remove all the chips and pins , punch the documents evenly and place them in the folder . And what is the most important point ?
May I come in ? Yes , please . I ' m Mr . Peter , the Director of Personnel . What can I do for you ?
Yes , please . I ' m Mr . Peter , the Director of Personnel . What can I do for you ? Nice to meet you , Mr . Peter . I ' m Wang Sian . I ' Ve come for an interview as requested .
Nice to meet you , Mr . Peter . I ' m Wang Sian . I ' Ve come for an interview as requested . Oh , yes . How do you do , Miss Wang ? Sit down , please .
Oh , yes . How do you do , Miss Wang ? Sit down , please . Thank you .
Thank you . What was your major in school ?
What was your major in school ? I majored in Public Relations .
I majored in Public Relations . Have you done any work in this field ?
Have you done any work in this field ? Yes , after my graduation , I worked in a trade company in Macao for one year .
Yes , after my graduation , I worked in a trade company in Macao for one year . What section did you work in ?
What section did you work in ? The export Business Section .
The export Business Section . So you must be very familiar with export procedures .
So you must be very familiar with export procedures . Yes , very much .
Why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend ? Sorry , I thought you knew .
Sorry , I thought you knew . But you should tell me you were in love with her .
But you should tell me you were in love with her . Didn't I ?
Didn't I ? You know you didn't .
You know you didn't . Well , I am telling you now .
Well , I am telling you now . Yes , but you might have told me before .
Yes , but you might have told me before . I didn't think you would be interested .
I didn't think you would be interested . You can't be serious . How dare you not tell me you are going to marry her ?
You can't be serious . How dare you not tell me you are going to marry her ? Sorry , I didn't think it mattered .
Excuse me , could you help me pick out a lotion ? Sure , what is the problem ?
Sure , what is the problem ? I got poison oak while hiking , and I need something to help me with the itching .
I got poison oak while hiking , and I need something to help me with the itching . I can suggest a product called Techne that comes in a lotion or cream .
I can suggest a product called Techne that comes in a lotion or cream . Which do you prefer ?
Which do you prefer ? Hikers tell me that the cream is best because it stays on longer .
Hikers tell me that the cream is best because it stays on longer . Is there anything else I can do to help with the itching ?
Is there anything else I can do to help with the itching ? You can take an antihistamine .
You can take an antihistamine . Thank you so much for all of the information .
hi , darling ! I have a one-month vacation saved up . How about a trip to Europe ? I could go for that . But I'm afraid our budget is a little tight this year .
I could go for that . But I'm afraid our budget is a little tight this year . oh , but I really need to leave this town for a change . Working day after day has worn me out . Do you have any other suggestions ?
oh , but I really need to leave this town for a change . Working day after day has worn me out . Do you have any other suggestions ? we should probably think about going somewhere that isn't too far away . How about the countryside ? There must be many interesting places , and we could enjoy the fresh air and the delicious local spec
we should probably think about going somewhere that isn't too far away . How about the countryside ? There must be many interesting places , and we could enjoy the fresh air and the delicious local spec wonderful ! I think that's a great idea . How soon until we can make this happen ? I can't wait !
wonderful ! I think that's a great idea . How soon until we can make this happen ? I can't wait ! tomorrow I have an appointment with my dentist . What about next Monday ?
tomorrow I have an appointment with my dentist . What about next Monday ? perfect . I'll start preparing tomorrow . If we're going to drive , I'll need to fill up the tank .
perfect . I'll start preparing tomorrow . If we're going to drive , I'll need to fill up the tank . no need . I think it's still plenty full . Even so , I'd rather travel by bus or train . It would cost much less than driving . Oil prices are soaring nowadays , you know .
no need . I think it's still plenty full . Even so , I'd rather travel by bus or train . It would cost much less than driving . Oil prices are soaring nowadays , you know . we can take the train , that will be faster . I'll book the tickets tomorrow morning .
we can take the train , that will be faster . I'll book the tickets tomorrow morning . great ! Oh , one more thing , don't forget to check the weather before we go . I'd hate to get caught in the rain .
great ! Oh , one more thing , don't forget to check the weather before we go . I'd hate to get caught in the rain . no problem . I'm really looking forward to the coming week .
Good afternoon . I'd like to speak with Tom Smith . I'm afraid he's away from his desk at the moment .
I'm afraid he's away from his desk at the moment . Do you know when he will be back ?
Do you know when he will be back ? He's away on a business trip . He won't be back until some time next week .
He's away on a business trip . He won't be back until some time next week . Is there some way I can get into contact with him ?
Is there some way I can get into contact with him ? The best way to reach him is by cell phone . I'll give you his number .
The best way to reach him is by cell phone . I'll give you his number . Thanks . And could I have his e-mail , just in case I can't get him by phone ?
Thanks . And could I have his e-mail , just in case I can't get him by phone ? Sure . His cell phone is 09112223 33 . And his e-mail is lower case t , smith--that's one word , at , c , c , w , dot , com , dot , t , w .
Sure . His cell phone is 09112223 33 . And his e-mail is lower case t , smith--that's one word , at , c , c , w , dot , com , dot , t , w . Thank you so much . Does he read his e-mails daily ?
Thank you so much . Does he read his e-mails daily ? Yes . He usually replies immediately .
Yes . He usually replies immediately . Great . Thanks again . You've been very helpful .
It seldom rains this summer . Yeah , some places are very short of water .
Yeah , some places are very short of water . Because of pollution and other things , our environment has become worse and worse .
Because of pollution and other things , our environment has become worse and worse . You see , This time I traveled to the West . When I looked out of the windows of the rain , all the lands that I could see are as dry as a bone .
Have any plans for the weekend , Tom ? Yeah , I ' m going for a hike in the southern Rocky Mountains .
Yeah , I ' m going for a hike in the southern Rocky Mountains . Oh , do you go hiking often ?
Oh , do you go hiking often ? I go as much as I can . I love hiking because you can really get in touch with nature .
I go as much as I can . I love hiking because you can really get in touch with nature . It would be nice to get out of the city . Do you want some company ?
It would be nice to get out of the city . Do you want some company ? Sure . But , it will be a long hike , 30 miles in three days . Have you been hiking before ?
Sure . But , it will be a long hike , 30 miles in three days . Have you been hiking before ? Yeah , I go a lot too . I saw a bear and a mountain lion on my last hike .
Yeah , I go a lot too . I saw a bear and a mountain lion on my last hike . Wow ! You must have been pretty far away from the city .
Wow ! You must have been pretty far away from the city . Yeah , my friend and I hiked in a very wild part of the national forest .
Yeah , my friend and I hiked in a very wild part of the national forest . Well , bring him along too . We ' ll have a great time this weekend .
They got a divorce at last . It's inevitable . Their love wasbuilt on the sand , and this is why their marriage has landed on the rocks .
It's inevitable . Their love wasbuilt on the sand , and this is why their marriage has landed on the rocks . You said it . Love but on the sand will soon be on the rocks .
Lin's office supplies . How may I direct your call ? Marry Lin please .
Marry Lin please . Sure , just a moment . ... I'm sorry no one answer the phone .
Sure , just a moment . ... I'm sorry no one answer the phone . All right , could I leave a message ?
All right , could I leave a message ? Certainly !
What kind of personality do you think you have ? I'm quite active and energetic . I approach things enthusiastically and I don't like to leave things half-done .
I'm quite active and energetic . I approach things enthusiastically and I don't like to leave things half-done . Do you think you are introverted or extroverted ?
Do you think you are introverted or extroverted ? I'm quite outgoing i think . I enjoy mixing and doing things with others .
I'm quite outgoing i think . I enjoy mixing and doing things with others . What do you think is the most important thing for you to be happy ?
What do you think is the most important thing for you to be happy ? I maintain that the most important thing is having good friends . A person can't live all by himself I think . A friend in need is a friend in deed . The more really close friends I have , the better .
I maintain that the most important thing is having good friends . A person can't live all by himself I think . A friend in need is a friend in deed . The more really close friends I have , the better . What kind of people do you like to work with ?
John , my father isn't there at all . Are you kidding ? Cool , fellow , what's the date today , buddy ?
Cool , fellow , what's the date today , buddy ? It's ... oh it's the 1st April , April Fool's Day .
Hey Stacy . What's going on ? I'm pretty tired these days .
I'm pretty tired these days . Why ? You're not working so don't you have a lot of time on your hands ?
Why ? You're not working so don't you have a lot of time on your hands ? I have so much house work to do . I have to take care of the kids , cook , clean , laundry , and the cycle never ends .
I have so much house work to do . I have to take care of the kids , cook , clean , laundry , and the cycle never ends . How about your husband . Does he help much ?
How about your husband . Does he help much ? Not at all . He comes home and complains about his hard day at work . He expects me to do everything . He even wants me to feed him sometimes . Can you believe that ?
Not at all . He comes home and complains about his hard day at work . He expects me to do everything . He even wants me to feed him sometimes . Can you believe that ? That sucks .
That sucks . If he wasn't so lazy , I think I wouldn't have any complaints . He mows the lawn , but can you believe he tried to convince me to do it ?
If he wasn't so lazy , I think I wouldn't have any complaints . He mows the lawn , but can you believe he tried to convince me to do it ? That's crossing the line .
Hi , I think I was supposed to call for my test results today . If you go onto our website and put in your password , you can access your test results .
If you go onto our website and put in your password , you can access your test results . Are you saying that there weren ' t any problems ?
Are you saying that there weren ' t any problems ? I will always have you come in for a discussion if there is a major problem .
I will always have you come in for a discussion if there is a major problem . Will I be able to read the results on the website and understand them ?
Will I be able to read the results on the website and understand them ? Yes , if you go there , you can see what each test is about .
Yes , if you go there , you can see what each test is about . How will I know what the numbers mean ?
How will I know what the numbers mean ? You can see your results and how they compare to the normal range .
You can see your results and how they compare to the normal range . How can I see test results from tests I have taken before ?
I would like to buy a black suit . Do you have any special brand in your mind ?
Do you have any special brand in your mind ? No , I never wear suit in my everyday life . I just want one to take part in my sister ' s wedding ceremony .
No , I never wear suit in my everyday life . I just want one to take part in my sister ' s wedding ceremony . I see . Have a look at this one . It ' s very cheap because it ' s not very durable .
I see . Have a look at this one . It ' s very cheap because it ' s not very durable . but it looks good . Let me try it on .
Believe it or not , tea is the most popular beverage in the world after water . Well , people from Asia to Europe all enjoy tea .
Well , people from Asia to Europe all enjoy tea . Right . And China is the homeland of tea .
Right . And China is the homeland of tea . Yes , Chinese people love drinking tea so much . Some even claim they can't live without tea .
Yes , Chinese people love drinking tea so much . Some even claim they can't live without tea . Do you know there are several catagories of Chinese tea ?
Do you know there are several catagories of Chinese tea ? Yes , I believe there are green teas , black teas and scented teas . Any Others ?
Yes , I believe there are green teas , black teas and scented teas . Any Others ? Well , have you ever heard of Oulong tea and compressed tea ?
Well , have you ever heard of Oulong tea and compressed tea ? Oh , yeah . Oulong tea is good for one's health . isn't it ?
Oh , yeah . Oulong tea is good for one's health . isn't it ? You surely know a lot about Chinese tea .
You surely know a lot about Chinese tea . Sure , I like drinking tea at teahouses .
Sure , I like drinking tea at teahouses . Oh , so do I .
Oh , so do I . Why don't we go for one now ?
Why don't we go for one now ? Great . We can chat while enjoying a cup there .
Which university did you graduate from ? I graduated from Peking University .
I graduated from Peking University . What was your major at university ?
What was your major at university ? I studied economics , I am especially interested in the economic development of China .
I studied economics , I am especially interested in the economic development of China . What course did you like best ?
What course did you like best ? I like Business Management , and i think it's very useful for the present work .
I like Business Management , and i think it's very useful for the present work . What do you think is the relationship between the subjects you've taken and the job you are seeking ?
Here you are . You left the medicine here . Sorry . I was too worried .
Sorry . I was too worried . I firmly believe that you love your brother very much .
I firmly believe that you love your brother very much . Absolutely . By the way , do you sell any traditional Chinese medicine ?
Absolutely . By the way , do you sell any traditional Chinese medicine ? Yes , we have some Chinese medicine for common cold .
Yes , we have some Chinese medicine for common cold . I heard Chinese medicine has a better lasting effect in cure .
The hotel operator . Anything I can do for you ? I've been trying to get through to the booking office for the last ten minutes . But the line has been engaged all the time . Why is it taking so long ?
I've been trying to get through to the booking office for the last ten minutes . But the line has been engaged all the time . Why is it taking so long ? I'm sorry to hear that . I'm afraid it is often the case during the peak hours . Shall I ask them to call you when the line is free ?
I'm sorry to hear that . I'm afraid it is often the case during the peak hours . Shall I ask them to call you when the line is free ? OK . Please do so if it is not troublesome .
OK . Please do so if it is not troublesome . No trouble at all . May I know your name and room number ?
No trouble at all . May I know your name and room number ? I'm Du Juan , in Room 312 .
I'm Du Juan , in Room 312 . I see . Wait in the room , please .
Do you need a guide ? Yes , we are just looking for one . What's the charge per day ?
Yes , we are just looking for one . What's the charge per day ? It's $ 20 . If you are staying for more than 3 days in the city , the charge is $ 16 per day .
Excuse me , could you give me change for a dollar ? I'll see what I have . What do you need it for ?
I'll see what I have . What do you need it for ? I want to get cigarettes .
Hi , Ellen . That outfit looks terrific ! Thanks , Jim . I didn ' t think guys paid attention to stuff like that .
Thanks , Jim . I didn ' t think guys paid attention to stuff like that . No , we just don ' t usually admit it !
You know that ? Joan has got the scholarship . Really ?
Really ? But I think Henry is a backroom boy . He always helps her with her study .
For the 100th anniversary of the opening of the library we are going to have a party . That's a wonderful way to celebrate this grand old library !
That's a wonderful way to celebrate this grand old library ! I hoped you would be willing to brainstorm with me for party ideas .
I hoped you would be willing to brainstorm with me for party ideas . That is right up my alley . You say party and I'm there .
That is right up my alley . You say party and I'm there . Perfect . It will be open to the public and we anticipate roughly about five to seven hundred people .
Perfect . It will be open to the public and we anticipate roughly about five to seven hundred people . Will it be an all day event ?
Will it be an all day event ? Yes . And we checked with the city and we have permission to use the park adjacent to the library .
Hey , how was the show ? Not great . It's a kind of boring .
Not great . It's a kind of boring . Really ? I heard it was supposed to be great .
Hi , Jim . How are you ? I haven ' t seen you for a while . I ' m fine . I ' Ve been out of town . I just got back .
I ' m fine . I ' Ve been out of town . I just got back . Where were you ?
Look ! Mom , that's amazing ! I can't believe the girls have so neat movements . Yeah , they all received very strict training . A minute on the stage takes ten-year practice .
Yeah , they all received very strict training . A minute on the stage takes ten-year practice . And all their movements are so elegant . It seems like dancing in the water .
And all their movements are so elegant . It seems like dancing in the water . Exactly , you know , water ballet puts dancing , music and swimming together .
Exactly , you know , water ballet puts dancing , music and swimming together . There you go ! Daddy has told me that water ballet is also called Synchronized Swimming .
There you go ! Daddy has told me that water ballet is also called Synchronized Swimming . That's my boy ! Katherine Curtis created this activity in 1920 . And in 1984 , it was authorized as one activity in Olympic Games .
That's my boy ! Katherine Curtis created this activity in 1920 . And in 1984 , it was authorized as one activity in Olympic Games . Wow , Mom is more knowledgeable than Dad . I must learn from you .
Wow , Mom is more knowledgeable than Dad . I must learn from you . My little boy , you should learn more from me . I'm almost thirty years older than you .
My little boy , you should learn more from me . I'm almost thirty years older than you . OK , you're the boss . Look , Mom , one guy has just jumped into the swimming pool .
I really need to start eating healthier . I have to start eating better too .
I have to start eating better too . What kind of food do you usually eat ?
What kind of food do you usually eat ? I try my best to eat only fruits , vegetables , and chicken .
I try my best to eat only fruits , vegetables , and chicken . Is that really all that you eat ?
Is that really all that you eat ? That's basically it .
That's basically it . How do you stick to only those foods ?
How do you stick to only those foods ? Actually , fruits and veggies are really good for you .
Actually , fruits and veggies are really good for you . Yeah , I know , but what about the chicken ?
Yeah , I know , but what about the chicken ? I mainly eat baked chicken , because there's not a lot of fat .
I mainly eat baked chicken , because there's not a lot of fat . That does sound pretty good .
All right . I want to bring everybody back on this subject . When can we start working on this ? Well , we could probably get started with a preparatory meeting this afternoon at 2:00 .
Well , we could probably get started with a preparatory meeting this afternoon at 2:00 . I tell you what , 2:00 is not available for me , but you can get started and I'll come by at around 3:00
I tell you what , 2:00 is not available for me , but you can get started and I'll come by at around 3:00 That's fine with me . How much time are we going to have to work on this ?
Do you have a free moment ? Sure . What do you need ?
Sure . What do you need ? I'm having some trouble . How do you use this printer ?
I'm having some trouble . How do you use this printer ? Well , first you have to turn this switch on .
Well , first you have to turn this switch on . Silly me .
Silly me . Now press this button .
Now press this button . Oh , and it's out of paper . Do you have any more ?
What do you usually have for breakfast ? Pancakes or waffles ? I usually have cereal for breakfast .
I usually have cereal for breakfast . But isn't it served with cold milk ?
But isn't it served with cold milk ? Yeah . Cold milk wakes me up .
Yeah . Cold milk wakes me up . Chinese people don't like to eat cold food .
Chinese people don't like to eat cold food . Is that right ?
Is that right ? But I'm open to new things . I'll have a bowl of cereal , too .
But I'm open to new things . I'll have a bowl of cereal , too . With cold milk ?
I ran it against that fence pole as I crashed . What do you think ? Damn , it hurts ! We'll have to get you to a hospital . I can ride you on the back of my bike .
We'll have to get you to a hospital . I can ride you on the back of my bike . I'm lucky I wasn't killed . I must have been going around forty-five miles an hour . There was too much gravel on that corner . I slid out .
I'm lucky I wasn't killed . I must have been going around forty-five miles an hour . There was too much gravel on that corner . I slid out . Yes , I almost slid too . Alright . This tourniquet is tight . How does it feel ?
Yes , I almost slid too . Alright . This tourniquet is tight . How does it feel ? Make it tighter . I want the blood stopped . Then wrap some bandages around the cut . Then we can go . Ouch ! I hope I can walk .
Make it tighter . I want the blood stopped . Then wrap some bandages around the cut . Then we can go . Ouch ! I hope I can walk . Alright , I'm twisting it around . You tell me when to stop .
I'm interested in Chinese antiques . We have a great variety of Chinese antiques . Besides , we have landscape painting , figure painting and flower-and-bird painting .
We have a great variety of Chinese antiques . Besides , we have landscape painting , figure painting and flower-and-bird painting . I'd like a flower-and-bird painting .
I'd like a flower-and-bird painting . How about this picture of cranes with pine trees ? It was painted by a famous Chinese painter in King Dynasty .
How about this picture of cranes with pine trees ? It was painted by a famous Chinese painter in King Dynasty . Oh , they look just like live cranes .
Where are you going ? I'll accompany my wife to the hospital .
I'll accompany my wife to the hospital . What's wrong with her .
What's wrong with her . She is expecting .
She is expecting . Congratulations to you .
What's the matter with you , then ? You look miserable . It's us .
It's us . What do you mean by " us " ?
What do you mean by " us " ? Well , we used to talk to each other before we were married . Remember ?
Well , we used to talk to each other before we were married . Remember ? What do you mean ? We ' re talking now , aren't we ?
What do you mean ? We ' re talking now , aren't we ? Oh , yes , but we used to do so much together .
Oh , yes , but we used to do so much together . Yes . I remember . But we never used to argue . You used to think I was wonderful . Where are you going ?
Reservation , can I help you ? Yes , I would like to reserve a room for next Monday .
Yes , I would like to reserve a room for next Monday . Wait a moment , please . Let me check it .
Wait a moment , please . Let me check it . By the way , I want a large room .
By the way , I want a large room . Right now we have a suite for 4 people , do you want to book it ?
Office Supplies , Inc . Robert speaking , may I help you ? Hi , Robert . This is Janet Reese calling from American Advertising . We placed an order with you about a week ago .
Hi , Robert . This is Janet Reese calling from American Advertising . We placed an order with you about a week ago . Yes , Ms . Reese . I remember , you spoke with me . Is there a problem ?
It's such a nice day . Yes , it is .
Yes , it is . It looks like it may rain soon .
It looks like it may rain soon . Yes , and I hope that it does .
Yes , and I hope that it does . Why is that ?
Why is that ? I really love how rain clears the air .
I really love how rain clears the air . Me too . It always smells so fresh after it rains .
Me too . It always smells so fresh after it rains . Yes , but I love the night air after it rains .
Yes , but I love the night air after it rains . Really ? Why is that ?
Really ? Why is that ? Because you can see the stars perfectly .
Because you can see the stars perfectly . I really hope it rains today .
I ' m pretty sure that Jim will turn out to be a good lawyer . How can you be so sure ?
Nani Book Store . How can I help you ? Do you have the ' The man and the Sea ' by Ernest Hemingway ?
Do you have the ' The man and the Sea ' by Ernest Hemingway ? Yes , we have one copy left .
Next , please . Hello , may I help you , sir ? Yes , I want to send a registered airmail letter to France .
Yes , I want to send a registered airmail letter to France . Ok , it comes four dollars twenty cents .
Ok , it comes four dollars twenty cents . Here is five dollars .
Here is five dollars . Here is your change . Please wait for your receipt of the registered mail .
Here is your change . Please wait for your receipt of the registered mail . I also want to pack up my package . This is the notes .
I also want to pack up my package . This is the notes . Let me see . En .. just a minute . Here it is . I need your signature on this note .
Let me see . En .. just a minute . Here it is . I need your signature on this note . Oh , one more thing , where can I mail this letter ?
Oh , one more thing , where can I mail this letter ? Drop it in the mail box mark out of town . at that corner .
Drop it in the mail box mark out of town . at that corner . Thank you very much .
excuse me , could you tell me which line I ' m supposed to stand in to buy bubble wrap and to post a package ? you can buy the bubble wrap here , but you ' ll have to stand in line over here to post your passage .
you can buy the bubble wrap here , but you ' ll have to stand in line over here to post your passage . that ' s a really long line . How long do you think it ' ll take to get through all those people ?
that ' s a really long line . How long do you think it ' ll take to get through all those people ? it takes about 3 minutes per person , so it ' ll probably be about an hour ' s wait .
it takes about 3 minutes per person , so it ' ll probably be about an hour ' s wait . can I buy stamps here ?
can I buy stamps here ? sure . How many would you like ?
sure . How many would you like ? I need 30 for my Christmas cards .
I need 30 for my Christmas cards . are you sending them abroad ?
are you sending them abroad ? twenty of them are going abroad to China and America .
twenty of them are going abroad to China and America . do you have any going anywhere in the EU ? If you do , those are less expensive .
do you have any going anywhere in the EU ? If you do , those are less expensive . no .
no . ok , here you go . That will be 18 pounds and seventy two pence .
ok , here you go . That will be 18 pounds and seventy two pence . and the bubble wrap ?
and the bubble wrap ? that ' s another quid .
What time is our connecting flight ? Let me check . Oh , oh ! It ' s at 3:25 .
Let me check . Oh , oh ! It ' s at 3:25 . Wow , that's cutting it close ! That means we only have 25 minutes to make the connection ! What gate is it at ?
Wow , that's cutting it close ! That means we only have 25 minutes to make the connection ! What gate is it at ? It ' s at ... gate 14 .
It ' s at ... gate 14 . Oh , great ! That ' s at the other end of the terminal !
Oh , great ! That ' s at the other end of the terminal ! OK , so here ' s the plan ; When we land , run to gate 14 !
Hey , Blake ! Are you still listening to Mozart ? Yes . Do you like it ?
Yes . Do you like it ? It's great . and I ' Ve heard that listening to Mozart can make you more intelligent .
It's great . and I ' Ve heard that listening to Mozart can make you more intelligent . Really ? I've never heard that before . I just like it .
Really ? I've never heard that before . I just like it . Is classical music your favorite ?
Is classical music your favorite ? Yes . What about you ?
Yes . What about you ? I Like pop music best . Classical music is a bit too heavy for me . I can't get fully relaxed in it .
I Like pop music best . Classical music is a bit too heavy for me . I can't get fully relaxed in it . Pop music doesn't have any depth for me .
Pop music doesn't have any depth for me . Yeah , that's why I can enjoy myself in it .
Yeah , that's why I can enjoy myself in it . Did you always like pop music .
Did you always like pop music . I think so , since I was in primary school . How long have you been interested in classical music .
I think so , since I was in primary school . How long have you been interested in classical music . I didn't like it at all until I started to learn violin when I was eight . From then on . classical music has been an important part of my life .
I didn't like it at all until I started to learn violin when I was eight . From then on . classical music has been an important part of my life . oh , I didn't know you can play the violin . Do you still play .
Guess who I saw just now ? Who ?
Who ? John Smith , the escaped criminal .
John Smith , the escaped criminal . That bad egg , who took the low road since he was a boy .
That bad egg , who took the low road since he was a boy . I think I must report to the cops .
Excuse me , are you Mrs . Green from England ? Yes , I am .
Yes , I am . I'm pleased to meet you , Mrs . Green . My name is Myra . I work in Beijing Institute of Technology . I came here to meet you .
I'm pleased to meet you , Mrs . Green . My name is Myra . I work in Beijing Institute of Technology . I came here to meet you . How do you do ?
How do you do ? How do you do ?
How do you do ? It's kind of you to meet me at the airport .
It's kind of you to meet me at the airport . Welcome to Beijing . Is this your first time in China ?
Welcome to Beijing . Is this your first time in China ? No , I have visited China several times , but it's my first visit to Beijing and I think it's a great honor to be invited to your beautiful city .
No , I have visited China several times , but it's my first visit to Beijing and I think it's a great honor to be invited to your beautiful city . It's our pleasure to have you here . I hope you will have a pleasant stay here .
What are your personal weaknesses ? I ' m afraid I ' m a poor talker . I ' m not comfortable talking with the people whom I have just met for the first time . That is not very good for business , so I have been studying public speaking .
I ' m afraid I ' m a poor talker . I ' m not comfortable talking with the people whom I have just met for the first time . That is not very good for business , so I have been studying public speaking . Are you more of a leader or a follower ?
Are you more of a leader or a follower ? I don ' t try to lead people . I ' d rather cooperate with everybody , and get the job done by working together .
I don ' t try to lead people . I ' d rather cooperate with everybody , and get the job done by working together . Do you think you can make yourself easily understood in English ?
Do you think you can make yourself easily understood in English ? Yes , in most circumstances .
Yes , in most circumstances . Are you available for travel ?
Hello , Ken . Hello , George .
Hello , George . Have you just been to the cinema ?
Have you just been to the cinema ? Yes , I have .
Yes , I have . What ' s on ?
What ' s on ? Paris in the Spring .
Paris in the Spring . Oh , I ' Ve already seen it . I saw it on television last year . It ' s an old film , but it ' s very good .
Oh , I ' Ve already seen it . I saw it on television last year . It ' s an old film , but it ' s very good . Paris is a beautiful city . I have never been there . Have you ever been there , Ken ?
Paris is a beautiful city . I have never been there . Have you ever been there , Ken ? Yes , I have . I was there in April .
Yes , I have . I was there in April . Paris in the spring , eh ?
Paris in the spring , eh ? It was spring , but the weather was awful . It rained all the time .
So , you ' re applying for a B2 visa , where is your final destination and what ' s the purpose of your trip to the United States ? I ' m going to visit my brother . he ' s just had a baby . He lives in Minneapolis .
I ' m going to visit my brother . he ' s just had a baby . He lives in Minneapolis . And how long do you you plan to remain in the United States ?
And how long do you you plan to remain in the United States ? I ' ll be here for approximately three weeks . See , here ' s my return ticket for the twenty-sixth of March .
I ' ll be here for approximately three weeks . See , here ' s my return ticket for the twenty-sixth of March . And , who is sponsoring your trip ?
And , who is sponsoring your trip ? My brother , here , this is an invitation letter from him . I will stay with him and his family in their home .
My brother , here , this is an invitation letter from him . I will stay with him and his family in their home . Alright , tell me about the ties you have to your home country .
Alright , tell me about the ties you have to your home country . Well , I own a house . actually , I ' m leaving my dog there with my neighbors . I have a car at home , and oh , my job ! I ' m employed by Tornal as an engineer . Actually , I only have three weeks ' vacation , so I have to go back to work at the end of March .
Well , I own a house . actually , I ' m leaving my dog there with my neighbors . I have a car at home , and oh , my job ! I ' m employed by Tornal as an engineer . Actually , I only have three weeks ' vacation , so I have to go back to work at the end of March . And what evidence do you have that you are financially independent ?
And what evidence do you have that you are financially independent ? Well , I do have assets in my country . like I said , I own a house , and see , here ' s a bank statement showing my investments , and my bank balance .
Hey Julie , you want to go grab something to eat ? Sure ! What do you feel like having ?
Sure ! What do you feel like having ? I really feel like having a big juicy steak !
I really feel like having a big juicy steak ! Oh . OK . I don't eat meat , but that's fine , I am sure wherever we are going they will have other options right ?
Oh . OK . I don't eat meat , but that's fine , I am sure wherever we are going they will have other options right ? I didn't know you were a vegetarian !
I didn't know you were a vegetarian ! I'm not , I am a vegan .
I'm not , I am a vegan . A what ?
A what ? A vegan . I don't eat or use any animal based products . I don't wear leather , eat eggs , drink milk or anything that comes from an animal . I used to be a pescatarian before , which basically means you don't eat meat , but still have fish and seafood .
A vegan . I don't eat or use any animal based products . I don't wear leather , eat eggs , drink milk or anything that comes from an animal . I used to be a pescatarian before , which basically means you don't eat meat , but still have fish and seafood . Wow ! That's interesting ! It must be tough !
We are looking for a bilingual secretary . Do you think you are proficient in both written and spoken English ? I think my English is fairly good . As you can see from my CV , I graduated from university with a B . A . degree in English . I studied the English language and English literature systematically .
I think my English is fairly good . As you can see from my CV , I graduated from university with a B . A . degree in English . I studied the English language and English literature systematically . How are your typing and shorthand skills ?
How silly of you to jump out of the window ! But that was the first thing that came into my mind when I heard the shout earthquake !
But that was the first thing that came into my mind when I heard the shout earthquake ! Why not use staircases ? The terror was not so violent at that time .
Why not use staircases ? The terror was not so violent at that time . That would be too late .
That would be too late . Maybe the situation is too urgent .
Hi . What's your name ? My name is Jung Min . What's your name ?
My name is Jung Min . What's your name ? My name is Jessica . It's nice to meet you .
My name is Jessica . It's nice to meet you . Yes . It's nice to meet you too . Are you a new student too ?
Yes . It's nice to meet you too . Are you a new student too ? No . I'm a sophomore . I take it you are a new student ?
No . I'm a sophomore . I take it you are a new student ? Yeah . It's pretty exciting to be here .
Yeah . It's pretty exciting to be here . Have fun while it lasts . The excitement wears off real quick . Especially after you see how much homework you get . Where are you from ?
Have fun while it lasts . The excitement wears off real quick . Especially after you see how much homework you get . Where are you from ? I'm from Korea . My parents wanted me to go to an American university , so I came here .
I'm from Korea . My parents wanted me to go to an American university , so I came here . I have never been to Korea . I've been to Japan before , but never Korea .
I have never been to Korea . I've been to Japan before , but never Korea . Why were you in Japan ?
Why were you in Japan ? My father thought it would be a good experience to take a vacation to a different country . He's so into learning about different cultures .
My father thought it would be a good experience to take a vacation to a different country . He's so into learning about different cultures . That's pretty cool .
That's pretty cool . I thought it would have been more fun if I went without my parents .
I thought it would have been more fun if I went without my parents . Well , if you ever want to visit Korea , I would be happy to show you around .
Well , if you ever want to visit Korea , I would be happy to show you around . Thanks for the offer . I'll keep that in mind . Oh , the professor is coming . We'll talk more after class .
You don't look too well . Maybe you should take the day off from work . I couldn't do that . I have an important meeting to go to today .
I couldn't do that . I have an important meeting to go to today . Do you feel ok ?
Do you feel ok ? Not really . After a 12 - hour flight , I've got jetlag , and on top of that , I think I've also got the flu .
Not really . After a 12 - hour flight , I've got jetlag , and on top of that , I think I've also got the flu . Why don't you call your secretary and tell her to reschedule the meeting ? You should really get some rest or you'll end up feeling even worse than you do now .
Why don't you call your secretary and tell her to reschedule the meeting ? You should really get some rest or you'll end up feeling even worse than you do now . Could you feel my forehead and check to see if I have a fever ?
Could you feel my forehead and check to see if I have a fever ? You're really hot . Let me get you some Tylenol to bring the fever down .
You're really hot . Let me get you some Tylenol to bring the fever down . Ok . I'll stay home this morning and rest , but if I feel better in the afternoon , I'm going to the meeting .
Ok . I'll stay home this morning and rest , but if I feel better in the afternoon , I'm going to the meeting . Zach , what's that on your arm ?
Zach , what's that on your arm ? I don't know . It looks a bit red , but I'm sure it's nothing .
I don't know . It looks a bit red , but I'm sure it's nothing . It looks like you have a red rash all over you ! Are you allergic to anything ?
It looks like you have a red rash all over you ! Are you allergic to anything ? Just cats , but I don't think I was near any cats in the last couple of weeks .
Just cats , but I don't think I was near any cats in the last couple of weeks . I completely forgot about your cat allergy . I took care of a cat for my friend here a few days ago . Oh no . we'd better go to the doctor and get some medicine . Let's go .
I completely forgot about your cat allergy . I took care of a cat for my friend here a few days ago . Oh no . we'd better go to the doctor and get some medicine . Let's go . Shouldn't we make an appointment first ?
Shouldn't we make an appointment first ? We would , but let's just go and see if there's an opening now before it gets worse .
Excuse me . Do you mind if I try this on ? Not at all . The changing rooms are just this way .
Not at all . The changing rooms are just this way . Thanks . It's a little tight . Do you have any in a larger size ?
Thanks . It's a little tight . Do you have any in a larger size ? Sure . I'll give you the next size up . That one is small , right ?
Sure . I'll give you the next size up . That one is small , right ? Yes . Also , I'm not so sure about the color .
It's getting late . I really have to go . I hope we'll get together again soon .
I hope we'll get together again soon . I hope so . A good journey to you !
I had a big argument with david yesterday . I hope he ' s not still mad at me . What did you argue about ?
What did you argue about ? He borrowed some money from me and I needed it back . He said he didn ' t have the money yet .
He borrowed some money from me and I needed it back . He said he didn ' t have the money yet . Well , he should pay you back . It ' s only fair .
Well , he should pay you back . It ' s only fair . Yes , but I got angry with him too quickly . He probably thought that I mistrusted him . I shouldn ' t have got angry .
Yes , but I got angry with him too quickly . He probably thought that I mistrusted him . I shouldn ' t have got angry . Did you lend him a lot of money ?
Did you lend him a lot of money ? Not much . I had to pay an unexpected bill , so I needed the money back .
Not much . I had to pay an unexpected bill , so I needed the money back . Well , talk to him about it next time you see him . He probably feels as bad about it as you do . Close friends sometimes have disagreements . It ' s nothing unusual . Neither of you said anything really nasty , did you ?
Well , talk to him about it next time you see him . He probably feels as bad about it as you do . Close friends sometimes have disagreements . It ' s nothing unusual . Neither of you said anything really nasty , did you ? No , we didn ' t . I guess you ' re right . We should patch things up .
Well , I'm afraid I must be going now . I have no idea it was so late . Stay for dinner with us .
Stay for dinner with us . I'm afraid I can't . I have a dinner party at seven tonight . You see , I am going to England the day after tomorrow .
I'm afraid I can't . I have a dinner party at seven tonight . You see , I am going to England the day after tomorrow . Well , I won't keep you then . It was very nice of you to come to see me .
Well , I won't keep you then . It was very nice of you to come to see me . It has been a pleasure . Goodbye .
Hey Mel ! Are you up for some tennis today ? Sorry , I can ' t ! I have to go to work , pick up Jake and Maddie from school , and make them an afternoon snack , then take Jake to soccer practice and Maddie to dance class .
Sorry , I can ' t ! I have to go to work , pick up Jake and Maddie from school , and make them an afternoon snack , then take Jake to soccer practice and Maddie to dance class . You sound exhausted . Maybe you should hire a nanny to help you out ! She can pick the kids up and take them to their after-school activities . She can also help you do some household chores , and run so
You sound exhausted . Maybe you should hire a nanny to help you out ! She can pick the kids up and take them to their after-school activities . She can also help you do some household chores , and run so Oh , I don ' t know ... it ' s hard to find the right nanny . You have to consider her previous work experience , the responsibilities you give her , and how she interacts with the kids . I would love to have
Oh , I don ' t know ... it ' s hard to find the right nanny . You have to consider her previous work experience , the responsibilities you give her , and how she interacts with the kids . I would love to have I think you should definitely consider it ! This way you won ' t have to juggle such a busy schedule , and you ' ll still get to spend time with the kids in the evenings . I can refer you this great
Hello , the nurse said that you might have my test results in from the other day . I would like for you to come in and talk about a few more tests that I would like to run .
I would like for you to come in and talk about a few more tests that I would like to run . Does this mean that you have bad news for me ?
Does this mean that you have bad news for me ? I just want to talk to you about the tests that I want to run .
I just want to talk to you about the tests that I want to run . Can ' t you just tell me now ?
Can ' t you just tell me now ? I don ' t know anything for certain . We always do a double check if there is a question .
I don ' t know anything for certain . We always do a double check if there is a question . I want to see you right away .
I want to see you right away . You can come in this afternoon . If you are feeling too stressed , feel free to bring a friend along .
You can come in this afternoon . If you are feeling too stressed , feel free to bring a friend along . I know for sure that something is wrong !
Whatever we do , we should do it above board . You are right . We shouldn't do anything under the table .
Do you speak only English in the class , or does your teacher explain everything to you in Spanish ? Oh , we never speak Spanish in class ! Miss . Parker speaks to us only in English .
Oh , we never speak Spanish in class ! Miss . Parker speaks to us only in English . I suppose she's right . Does she speak English very slowly ?
I suppose she's right . Does she speak English very slowly ? Not always . Sometimes we don't understand her . Then she has to repeat what she said .
Not always . Sometimes we don't understand her . Then she has to repeat what she said . It must be interesting to study English .
It must be interesting to study English . Mario and I are the best students in the class . Miss . Parker says that my pronunciation is very good .
Mario and I are the best students in the class . Miss . Parker says that my pronunciation is very good . Is English pronunciation easy or difficult ?
Hi . Have you got a personal computer ? Certainly . What's the matter ?
Certainly . What's the matter ? I wonder if you often trade with others on the internet .
I wonder if you often trade with others on the internet . Sure . I often buy things or do business through it without going out to the physical stores .
Sure . I often buy things or do business through it without going out to the physical stores . Great ! It's just like viewless stores . But how can you shop or order on line or trade on line ?
Great ! It's just like viewless stores . But how can you shop or order on line or trade on line ? That's simple . Just click the hyperlink , www . taobao . com or www . ebay . com , and you can see the specimen of the goods shown on the screen , and then you can place an order online with the sales company . And the goods will be delivered to your place .
That's simple . Just click the hyperlink , www . taobao . com or www . ebay . com , and you can see the specimen of the goods shown on the screen , and then you can place an order online with the sales company . And the goods will be delivered to your place . Is the service charged ?
Is the service charged ? No . it's free .
Did you watch the volleyball match last night ? Yeah .
Yeah . Who won ?
Who won ? China .
China . What is the score ?
What is the score ? China beat Brazil three to zero .
It ' s nice meeting you . It ' s nice to meet you , too .
It ' s nice to meet you , too . I am happy to be speaking to a presidential candidate .
I am happy to be speaking to a presidential candidate . Would you like to ask me anything ?
Would you like to ask me anything ? What do you feel about gay marriage ?
What do you feel about gay marriage ? I think everyone has the right to love who they want .
I think everyone has the right to love who they want . Would you legalize gay marriage ?
Would you legalize gay marriage ? Yes , I would .
Yes , I would . Many people won ' t like that .
Many people won ' t like that . I ' m sure they won ' t , but that ' s my view on gay marriage .
I ' m sure they won ' t , but that ' s my view on gay marriage . I really like you .
Could I have my bill , please ? Certainly , sir .
Certainly , sir . I'm afraid there's been a mistake .
I'm afraid there's been a mistake . I'm sorry , sir . What seems to be the trouble ?
I'm sorry , sir . What seems to be the trouble ? I believe you have charged me twice for the same thing . Look , the figure of 6 . 5 dollar appears here , then again here .
Honey , I need to have a talk with you . Dad , I have to do my homework .
Dad , I have to do my homework . No , honey , why didn't you go to cram school last night ?
No , honey , why didn't you go to cram school last night ? Dad , I don't want to talk about it now .
Dad , I don't want to talk about it now . Honey , if you don't want to go to cram school , you should tell me the reason why .
What were you and Richard talking about earlier ? It looked intense . Yeah , Richard said something to me that I didn't appreciate .
Yeah , Richard said something to me that I didn't appreciate . Oh , no . I know how insensitive he can be . What has he done now ?
Oh , no . I know how insensitive he can be . What has he done now ? He asked me how long it took me to learn English .
He asked me how long it took me to learn English . But , you were born and raised in California !
But , you were born and raised in California ! Yeah , but I get that sometimes . It doesn't matter how many generations my family has lived in the U . S . , we'll always be foreigners in their eyes .
Yeah , but I get that sometimes . It doesn't matter how many generations my family has lived in the U . S . , we'll always be foreigners in their eyes . What a racist ! How can you stand working with the guy ?
What a racist ! How can you stand working with the guy ? You know , Richard isn't such a bad guy . He made the comment out of ignorance , not malice .
You know , Richard isn't such a bad guy . He made the comment out of ignorance , not malice . So , what did you say when he asked you how long it took you to learn English ?
So , what did you say when he asked you how long it took you to learn English ? I told him 28 years . And , he knows I'm 28 years old since I just celebrated my birthday last week . He was puzzled for a minute , and then he got it .
I told him 28 years . And , he knows I'm 28 years old since I just celebrated my birthday last week . He was puzzled for a minute , and then he got it . Are you sure he really got the message ?
Are you sure he really got the message ? Yeah , I'm pretty sure since I then asked him how long it took him to learn English .
Yeah , I'm pretty sure since I then asked him how long it took him to learn English . That's hilarious ! What did he say ?
That's hilarious ! What did he say ? He said , ' 36 years , ' and we both laughed about it . He apologized and now , it's all good .
Hello . Could you have a taxi pick me up before 10:00 a . m . ? What is your address ?
What is your address ? I stay at No . 115 Fucking Road .
I stay at No . 115 Fucking Road . OK , a taxi will be there by 9:30 .
OK , a taxi will be there by 9:30 . What are your rates ?
What are your rates ? It is RIB 10 yuan initially and 2 yuan for each kilometer .
It is RIB 10 yuan initially and 2 yuan for each kilometer . I have a lot of luggage . Will those fit in the taxi ?
I have a lot of luggage . Will those fit in the taxi ? Take it easy . I'll send a larger to pick you up .
John ? It ' s Susan Miller . Hi , Susan . What ' s up ?
Hi , Susan . What ' s up ? Do you know where that memo about office procedures is ? I want to give my secretary a copy .
So what do you think of my new dress ? I think it's great ! I really like the color , and it goes really well with your eyes . I've actually been eyeing that dress at Maxine's for a while now , but I wasn't sure I could afford ninety-five dollars for a dress at the moment .
I think it's great ! I really like the color , and it goes really well with your eyes . I've actually been eyeing that dress at Maxine's for a while now , but I wasn't sure I could afford ninety-five dollars for a dress at the moment . Um , ninety-five dollars ?
Um , ninety-five dollars ? Yes , that's the price they were advertising it at . I was hoping it might go on sale soon . Why , how much did you pay for it ?
Yes , that's the price they were advertising it at . I was hoping it might go on sale soon . Why , how much did you pay for it ? I bought it for one hundred and forty-five dollars at Helen's Boutique . I didn't know I could get it cheaper somewhere else .
I bought it for one hundred and forty-five dollars at Helen's Boutique . I didn't know I could get it cheaper somewhere else . Of course ! Everything at Helen's is overpriced , and they sell things that you can find at almost every other clothing store ! Why didn't you shop around ?
Thank you for lending me the book . Sure . But it's a very difficult one , you need to have a dictionary at your elbow .
My friend Jean is very beautiful . What's her figure ?
What's her figure ? Perfect , and I like her charming eyes too .
Perfect , and I like her charming eyes too . What's the color of her eyes ?
Hi Paul . How are you , friend . Not good . My cousin is driving me up the wall .
Not good . My cousin is driving me up the wall . How so ?
How so ? He stays up untill all hours of the night , and he never lifts a finger to help .
He stays up untill all hours of the night , and he never lifts a finger to help . Have you talk to him about it ?
Have you talk to him about it ? Not yet , but I have to soon . He's eating me out of house and home . I caught him reading the fridge again last night
Not yet , but I have to soon . He's eating me out of house and home . I caught him reading the fridge again last night Ahahah , Maybe that will help you lose weight .
Ahahah , Maybe that will help you lose weight . This is no laughing matter , Nick .
This is no laughing matter , Nick . Sorry Paul . I couldn't help it . So why doesn't he give you a hand ?
Sorry Paul . I couldn't help it . So why doesn't he give you a hand ? He watch the tob too much . Now really I don't know . But I can't handle this much longer .
Margaret , do you think I should enroll in the science course ? Yes , I think so , If you want to graduated this year , you've got to take a science course .
Yes , I think so , If you want to graduated this year , you've got to take a science course . Right , I figure since you are doing premedical , you know about the very courses .
Right , I figure since you are doing premedical , you know about the very courses . Well , I have to take biology , chemistry , maps and physics . what you need is a good introductory course for non-science majors .
Well , I have to take biology , chemistry , maps and physics . what you need is a good introductory course for non-science majors . Yes , I really weak in maps , I did poorly in high school .
Ms . Wang , this is Mr . Cooper , president of Ivy Publishing . It's nice to meet you , Mr . Cooper .
It's nice to meet you , Mr . Cooper . Nice to meet you , Ms . Wang . You must be exhausted after your long trip from Canada .
Joe , how are you doing ? I am great ! How about you , Mary ? How are you ?
I am great ! How about you , Mary ? How are you ? I am doing great ! Thank you for asking , Joe .
I am doing great ! Thank you for asking , Joe . I was wondering if you want to go see a movie with me tonight ?
I was wondering if you want to go see a movie with me tonight ? I need to stay home tonight and finish my term paper .
I need to stay home tonight and finish my term paper . OK . What about going to the movies on Friday night ?
OK . What about going to the movies on Friday night ? What were you planning on seeing ?
What were you planning on seeing ? I was thinking about seeing that one about the rapist serial killer .
I was thinking about seeing that one about the rapist serial killer . How about " The Secret Life of Bees " ?
You look so happy , Anna . Any good news ? Yes . I ' Ve won the first prize in the math contest .
Yes . I ' Ve won the first prize in the math contest . Really ? Congratulations !
Really ? Congratulations ! Thank you , Paul .
Thank you , Paul . By the way , would you like to have dinner with me tomorrow evening ? Tomorrow is my birthday .
By the way , would you like to have dinner with me tomorrow evening ? Tomorrow is my birthday . Good , happy birthday to you !
Good , happy birthday to you ! Not so soon . It ' s not my birthday today . Well , you ' ll come , won ' t you ?
Not so soon . It ' s not my birthday today . Well , you ' ll come , won ' t you ? Sure , I will . Thank you for inviting me .
Excuse me , i am a new student here . Could you tell me where the English Department is ? It is in that brand new , tall building over there . On the 9th floor .
It is in that brand new , tall building over there . On the 9th floor . Where is the school cafeteria ?
Where is the school cafeteria ? It is the basement of that red building in front of the tower with big bells .
It is the basement of that red building in front of the tower with big bells . Where is the Computer Center ?
Where is the Computer Center ? The Computer Center is on the first floor of the library .
The Computer Center is on the first floor of the library . Where is the library ?
Where is the library ? The library is next to the Adminstration Building . The Adminstration Building is over there near the school ' s main entrance . There are school maps for free in the lobby of the Admin .
The library is next to the Adminstration Building . The Adminstration Building is over there near the school ' s main entrance . There are school maps for free in the lobby of the Admin . Thank you . I will go get one .
Thank you . I will go get one . Sure . Glad to be of service . By the way , my name is Mike Sullivan . You will see me around a lot . I am running for President of the Student Government .
Sure . Glad to be of service . By the way , my name is Mike Sullivan . You will see me around a lot . I am running for President of the Student Government . Well , hi ! My name is Eve Markowski . I am glad to meet you . With your friendly smile and helpful attitude . I am sure you will win .
Well , hi ! My name is Eve Markowski . I am glad to meet you . With your friendly smile and helpful attitude . I am sure you will win . Thanks you for the encouragement .
Thanks you for the encouragement . You are welcome . I ' d better go . Goodbye .
I hear that Mary got mad . So I heard .
So I heard . What ' s wrong with her ?
I can ' t stand being with you anymore . I'm sick of your drinking . I swear never to drink again . Just give me another chance , please !
I swear never to drink again . Just give me another chance , please ! How many chances have I given you ? I don ' t trust you any more .
Good morning , Angela , how have you been lately ? Morning , Michael . I ' Ve been very busy lately . One of our other vendors is going out of business and I ' Ve been searching for a suitable replacement .
Morning , Michael . I ' Ve been very busy lately . One of our other vendors is going out of business and I ' Ve been searching for a suitable replacement . Well , rest assured that you can count on us to be here for the long run , sitdown . Coffee ?
Well , rest assured that you can count on us to be here for the long run , sitdown . Coffee ? No , thanks . I ' Ve been trying to cut down on the caffeine .
No , thanks . I ' Ve been trying to cut down on the caffeine . Haha , I could never do that . I ' d be a zombie if I didn ' t have my morning coffee fix . Let ' s get down to business then .
Haha , I could never do that . I ' d be a zombie if I didn ' t have my morning coffee fix . Let ' s get down to business then . Yes . I ' Ve come to talk with you about ordering the eight megapixel cameras for our new methone . The demand for phone cameras is growing , and Pear has been falling behind in the market .
Yes . I ' Ve come to talk with you about ordering the eight megapixel cameras for our new methone . The demand for phone cameras is growing , and Pear has been falling behind in the market . That ' s great ! I ' m glad to hear that Pear has finally jumped on the bandwagon . Right now our contract is for the five megapixel cameras . Is Pear still interested in having those ?
That ' s great ! I ' m glad to hear that Pear has finally jumped on the bandwagon . Right now our contract is for the five megapixel cameras . Is Pear still interested in having those ? No , we ' re changing all the cameras to eight megapixels . We were hoping that by making your company our sole supplier for cameras we could negotiate a better deal .
When was America discovered , Tony ? I'm not certain . Do you know ?
I'm not certain . Do you know ? America was discovered by Christopher Columbus in 1492 .
America was discovered by Christopher Columbus in 1492 . In a way that's right . But the Vikings travelled there long beforeColumbus . And what about the Red Indians ?
In a way that's right . But the Vikings travelled there long beforeColumbus . And what about the Red Indians ? All right . Ask me a question now .
All right . Ask me a question now . Who invented the electric light bulb ?
Who invented the electric light bulb ? That's easy . It was invented by Edison .
That's easy . It was invented by Edison . Correct . Now for a harder question . Who will be the first men on Mars ?
Correct . Now for a harder question . Who will be the first men on Mars ? I can't answer that . But I think Mars will be visited by men before theed of this century .
I can't answer that . But I think Mars will be visited by men before theed of this century . Ask me a question now .
Ask me a question now . All right . What is the nearest planet to the sun ?
OK , everyone . Gather around . Here are the rules . No tackling . No pushing . You shouldn't grab someone else's shirt . That's a foul .
You shouldn't grab someone else's shirt . That's a foul . Play is stopped when the person with the ball is touched .
Play is stopped when the person with the ball is touched . You can touch them only between the shoulder and the knees .
You can touch them only between the shoulder and the knees . The touchdown lines are there and there . OK , let's play !
Is there anything worth watching on another channel ? I think there ' s a Western on .
I think there ' s a Western on . Do you mind if we watch it . I ' d really like to see it .
Do you mind if we watch it . I ' d really like to see it . Well , I really wanted to see the football game .
Well , I really wanted to see the football game . Football game ? Ok , and you know what comes on next ?
Football game ? Ok , and you know what comes on next ? I believe there ' s a sitcom .
I believe there ' s a sitcom . Are you interested in watching it ?
Are you interested in watching it ? Let me look in the TV Guide first .
Let me look in the TV Guide first . Oh , I am sorry . What's on Channel 2 at 10 pm ?
Oh , I am sorry . What's on Channel 2 at 10 pm ? If I remember correctly , it's a quiz show .
If I remember correctly , it's a quiz show . Do you want to watch it ?
Ah , here we are . This is the place I was telling you about .
This is the place I was telling you about . Would you like to sit near the window ?
Would you like to sit near the window ? Good .
Good . Let's have a look at the menu . Oh , there isn't a menu . Do you think you could ask the people at the next table if we could look at their menu ?
Welcome . What can I do for you , Madam ? I hope you can give me some advice . I'm sick and tired of coming here or to the post office to pay my utility bills . It's such a long way from my home , but I checked and you are my nearest branch . Is there anyway I can do it from home ?
I hope you can give me some advice . I'm sick and tired of coming here or to the post office to pay my utility bills . It's such a long way from my home , but I checked and you are my nearest branch . Is there anyway I can do it from home ? That's terrible . Unfortunately , we don't have that many branches outside the centre of town . What I'd advise you to do is set up a Direct Debit Service .
That's terrible . Unfortunately , we don't have that many branches outside the centre of town . What I'd advise you to do is set up a Direct Debit Service . A Direct Debit Service ? What's that exactly ?
A Direct Debit Service ? What's that exactly ? A Direct Debit means that every month we can arrange for all of your utility bills to come directly out of your account , no fuss , no hassle .
A Direct Debit means that every month we can arrange for all of your utility bills to come directly out of your account , no fuss , no hassle . But how will you know how much I should pay ? I mean , I receive my bills , not you .
But how will you know how much I should pay ? I mean , I receive my bills , not you . We set up an agreement with the , say , phone company . They tell us how much to pay them every month and we pay directly from your account . Of course , we are able to do this with all of the utilities companies .
We quarreled yesterday , and he picked up and left . Terrible ! Does he want to divorce ?
Terrible ! Does he want to divorce ? I am not sure .
Hey , look , there is a circus show over there . I'm not in the mood .
I'm not in the mood . It's the circus .
It's the circus . I don't want to sit there and watch them torturing the animals .
I don't want to sit there and watch them torturing the animals . Oh , come on , they give them treat too . Oh , look , that little monkey is so cute .
Oh , come on , they give them treat too . Oh , look , that little monkey is so cute . Cute ? Hope so .
Cute ? Hope so . Oh , it is coming to us , come on , Ben , get a banana to it .
Oh , it is coming to us , come on , Ben , get a banana to it . Me ? No way , keep him away from me , please .
Me ? No way , keep him away from me , please . Why are you acting so strange today ?
Why are you acting so strange today ? I've said that I've got a problem with the circus . I'm not kidding .
I have to check out today . I'd like my bill ready by 10 this morning . You can be sure of that , sir .
Hello ! How do I get more amenities ? I'm sorry , sir . I'm not sure I understand .
I'm sorry , sir . I'm not sure I understand . I'm talking about the free stuff , like soap and shampoo .
I'm talking about the free stuff , like soap and shampoo . Oh , I see . So , you're saying that you've already run out of your amenities .
Oh , I see . So , you're saying that you've already run out of your amenities . No , no . I've got plenty left .
No , no . I've got plenty left . Now I'm confused again ! What is the problem ?
Now I'm confused again ! What is the problem ? What am I going to do about souvenirs ?
What am I going to do about souvenirs ? Oh , I get it ! You want souvenirs !
Oh , I get it ! You want souvenirs ! Yes , I've got enough soap for my use , but no extra soap for souvenirs .
Yes , I've got enough soap for my use , but no extra soap for souvenirs . Sir , our souvenir shop carries all those items , and as a guest you get a discount .
Sir , our souvenir shop carries all those items , and as a guest you get a discount . Please ! Free souvenirs are the only true souvenirs .
Bill , do you know if the cafeteria around the corner's open today ? Yes . They were open this morning when I came to work . They must've finished remodeling . Why do you want to know ?
Yes . They were open this morning when I came to work . They must've finished remodeling . Why do you want to know ? Well , I thought that maybe we could go there for lunch today . That is , if you haven't promised to go with someone else .
Well , I thought that maybe we could go there for lunch today . That is , if you haven't promised to go with someone else . That'd be wonderful , Peter . But I hope you're in a better mood than you were this morning .
That'd be wonderful , Peter . But I hope you're in a better mood than you were this morning . I'm sorry I was such a grouch . It must've been the weather . When it rains I get depressed .
His grandfather is the richest person in the area . What a miser ! He cycles to school every day .
What a miser ! He cycles to school every day . His grandfather's money is not his .
We have the orientation this afternoon . What ' s going to be covered in the orientation ?
What ' s going to be covered in the orientation ? The company introduction , our mission , vision , various policies , insurances , pension plan , company ID , batch , telephone , e-mail set-up and training .
The company introduction , our mission , vision , various policies , insurances , pension plan , company ID , batch , telephone , e-mail set-up and training . Quite a lot . All them one afternoon ?
Quite a lot . All them one afternoon ? Yes , it is not easy .
I hate to go outside . Me too .
Me too . Why do you hate to go outside ?
Why do you hate to go outside ? I meet too many jerks .
I meet too many jerks . I agree .
I agree . This city is full of jerks .
This city is full of jerks . Rude people are everywhere .
Rude people are everywhere . But what can you do ?
But what can you do ? You can yell at them .
You can yell at them . And they will yell back at you .
And they will yell back at you . Yelling doesn't do any good .
How did you find your apartment ? You can check on the bulletin boards at school for local housing .
You can check on the bulletin boards at school for local housing . What if I need a roommate ?
What if I need a roommate ? There are websites that can hook you up with a roommate .
There are websites that can hook you up with a roommate . How much do apartments cost around here ?
How much do apartments cost around here ? It depends on what you want . Do you want a one - or two-bedroom apartment ?
It depends on what you want . Do you want a one - or two-bedroom apartment ? I just need a one-bedroom apartment .
I just need a one-bedroom apartment . That will probably cost you around twelve hundred dollars a month .
That will probably cost you around twelve hundred dollars a month . Would you come with me to look at apartments ?
Hey Rachael , what's up ? How is your day ? Not bad . We have had a big meeting today , remember ?
Not bad . We have had a big meeting today , remember ? Oh , yea . I forgot . So how did it go ?
Oh , yea . I forgot . So how did it go ? Pretty well . I think the boss liked my ideas .
Pretty well . I think the boss liked my ideas . Great , so what happens now ?
What happened ? Why didn't he win ? Didn't you hear ? He was disqualified .
Didn't you hear ? He was disqualified . How did that happen ? He's so talented ! I thought he had a great chance of winning a gold medal !
How did that happen ? He's so talented ! I thought he had a great chance of winning a gold medal ! If he didn't have any drug problems , he would have won .
If he didn't have any drug problems , he would have won . What ? What kind of drugs was he using ?
What ? What kind of drugs was he using ? He was taking steroids to make him stronger and faster .
He was taking steroids to make him stronger and faster . I thought that all athletes were supposed to be regularly tested for drugs .
I thought that all athletes were supposed to be regularly tested for drugs . They are . The only reason they didn't disqualify him until after the race is because the results from the text only came back afterwards .
They are . The only reason they didn't disqualify him until after the race is because the results from the text only came back afterwards . That's so disappointing . I don't know why top athletes would feel the need to take drugs .
That's so disappointing . I don't know why top athletes would feel the need to take drugs . I don't think it's right , but I can understand why they might . Imagine how much pressure there would be to win for your country !
I don't think it's right , but I can understand why they might . Imagine how much pressure there would be to win for your country ! Regardless of how much pressure you're under , there's never a good reason to take drugs .
Regardless of how much pressure you're under , there's never a good reason to take drugs . I agree . Hopefully with the new regulations , fewer athletes will try to cheat with drugs .
What date would you like to depart , sir ? Do you have any seats for September 16th ?
Do you have any seats for September 16th ? Let's see ... I'm afraid the 16th is fully booked . But I have seats for the 17th .
Let's see ... I'm afraid the 16th is fully booked . But I have seats for the 17th . The 17th will be fine .
The 17th will be fine . And what date will you be returning ?
And what date will you be returning ? Hmm , I guess on the 28th .
Hmm , I guess on the 28th . Okay , you're booked on American Airlines flight 710 , departing JFK at 6
Do you think Tom will be elected president ? No , I think Harry will get it .
No , I think Harry will get it . Let's make a bet on who gets it .
Sorry , stewardess . Where shall I put my bags ? You can place the smaller one in the overhead bin and put the bigger one under the seat in front of you .
You can place the smaller one in the overhead bin and put the bigger one under the seat in front of you . Thank you very much .
Oh , so Dalian is hotter than New York now . Not hot but warm . Very comfortable .
Not hot but warm . Very comfortable . Are you staying at the Hilton ?
You are an outgoing person , quite easy to talk with . Yes , my friends like to get along with me well .
Yes , my friends like to get along with me well . Do you have many friends ?
Do you have many friends ? Yes , I like to make new friends .
Yes , I like to make new friends . What do you usually do with them ?
Hey , what's new ? Not much . Just sitting here eating some Chinese food . Is that the paper ? Why don't you open it and tell me my horoscope ?
Not much . Just sitting here eating some Chinese food . Is that the paper ? Why don't you open it and tell me my horoscope ? Ok , wait a minute ... let's see . I'm a Taurus , and it says , Mars is in the third house , and is soon to eclipse Venus . I don't know what that means , but then it says , Your charm and drive will win others over to your way of thinking . Remember to be positive . Sounds good to me .
Ok , wait a minute ... let's see . I'm a Taurus , and it says , Mars is in the third house , and is soon to eclipse Venus . I don't know what that means , but then it says , Your charm and drive will win others over to your way of thinking . Remember to be positive . Sounds good to me . What about Gemini ? What's the prediction ?
What about Gemini ? What's the prediction ? Since Mercury has crossed paths with Jupiter , your fortunes are falling . Bad luck will follow you today , and you will lose that which you value . Be careful .
Since Mercury has crossed paths with Jupiter , your fortunes are falling . Bad luck will follow you today , and you will lose that which you value . Be careful . That sounds bad ! I'm really worried , what should I do ? Maybe I should go home and stay in the rest of the day .
How upsetting ! He has been away for a week ! I don't know if anything terrible has happened .
I don't know if anything terrible has happened . I have reported it to the police .
How may I help you ? I ' m having a problem .
I ' m having a problem . What problem are you having ?
What problem are you having ? There have been charges made on my debit card that I didn ' t make .
There have been charges made on my debit card that I didn ' t make . Do you have the statement for your card ?
Do you have the statement for your card ? Here it is .
Here it is . What are the charges you ' re referring to ?
What are the charges you ' re referring to ? The last four charges on the page .
The last four charges on the page . I ' m afraid we ' re going to have to investigate these charges .
I ' m afraid we ' re going to have to investigate these charges . How long will an investigation take ?
How long will an investigation take ? I honestly don ' t know , but we will freeze payment on these charges .
I want to buy a black suit . Certainty . Do you want double breasted suit or single breasted suit ?
Certainty . Do you want double breasted suit or single breasted suit ? I prefer single breasted suit .
I prefer single breasted suit . What about this one ? It's a very nice 3 - piece suit .
Hello , Miss Wu , This is Dan Robson calling from OTC limited . I'd like to check my last order . When exactly was it sent out ? I can check that for you right now . Would you mind holding ?
I can check that for you right now . Would you mind holding ? Sure . No problem .
Sure . No problem . Mr . Robson , I'm sorry . Our computer system is down . Could I call you back later ?
Mr . Robson , I'm sorry . Our computer system is down . Could I call you back later ? Sure . Do you have my number ?
Sure . Do you have my number ? Yes , I have it right here . I'm so sorry about this .
Do you have any questions ? Yes , do I have to work a whole year before I can take a vacation ?
Yes , do I have to work a whole year before I can take a vacation ? Yes , after you ' Ve been here a year , you qualify for a three-day vacation
Yes , after you ' Ve been here a year , you qualify for a three-day vacation Only three days ?
Only three days ? That's the company policy .
That's the company policy . What happens if I use up my sick days before the end of the year ? If I ' m sick an extra day or two , will my pay be deducted ?
What happens if I use up my sick days before the end of the year ? If I ' m sick an extra day or two , will my pay be deducted ? Yes . That's the company policy .
David , I ' m going to China . Really ? How did you get the chance ?
Really ? How did you get the chance ? You know . I took part in the Chinese contest . I was the best and they gave me this reward . I don ' t have to pay for my trip .
You know . I took part in the Chinese contest . I was the best and they gave me this reward . I don ' t have to pay for my trip . Congratulations . How lucky you are !
Congratulations . How lucky you are ! Thank you . I ' m leaving tomorrow morning .
Thank you . I ' m leaving tomorrow morning . I ' m sure you ' ll enjoy the trip . China is such a beautiful country .
I ' m sure you ' ll enjoy the trip . China is such a beautiful country . I ' m sure I will .
I ' m sure I will . Have a nice journey , Lily .
That dress is very pretty . Why don ' t you like it ? It ' s too loud .
It ' s too loud . We ' Ve been looking around for many hours . What on earth are you looking for ?
We ' Ve been looking around for many hours . What on earth are you looking for ? Well , you know , those styles or colors don ' t suit me .
Well , you know , those styles or colors don ' t suit me . What style do you want ?
What style do you want ? I want to buy a V-neck checked sweater , and it should be tight .
I want to buy a V-neck checked sweater , and it should be tight . Oh , I see . How about the color ?
Oh , I see . How about the color ? Quiet color .
Quiet color . I know a shop selling this kind of sweaters .
Good morning . Craftsman Company . Can I help you ? Yes , good morning . This is Mr . Suzuki from Video TV . May I speak to Mr . Johnson ?
Yes , good morning . This is Mr . Suzuki from Video TV . May I speak to Mr . Johnson ? I'm sorry , but Mr . Johnson is out at the moment . Can I take a message ?
I'm sorry , but Mr . Johnson is out at the moment . Can I take a message ? Uh , yes , okay . Tell him John Suzuki called . That's S-U-Z-U-K-I .
Uh , yes , okay . Tell him John Suzuki called . That's S-U-Z-U-K-I . Yes .
Yes . From Video TV .
From Video TV . Yes , Video TV .
Yes , Video TV . Tell him I telephoned . I'd like to see him about the videotapes . Can he call me this afternoon ?
Tell him I telephoned . I'd like to see him about the videotapes . Can he call me this afternoon ? Yes , Of course . What's your telephone number ?
Yes , Of course . What's your telephone number ? It's , area code 413 , 447-9626 .
It's , area code 413 , 447-9626 . That is 413-447-9662 ?
That is 413-447-9662 ? No , that's 447-9626 .
No , that's 447-9626 . Oh , I'm sorry , 447-9626 .
Oh , I'm sorry , 447-9626 . Yes , that's right . Extension 162 .
Yes , that's right . Extension 162 . Extension 162 . Okay , Mr . Suzuki . I'll give him the message .
Extension 162 . Okay , Mr . Suzuki . I'll give him the message . Thank you . Good-bye .
Do you think they two will get married ? Yeah , you can count on it .
Yeah , you can count on it . I think so . Yes , they get along so well .
I think so . Yes , they get along so well . I like him . He's good for her .
What can I do for you , miss ? I am looking for a pair of shoes .
I am looking for a pair of shoes . Do you like high heels or flat shoes ?
Aren't you Jim Green ? Yes , that's right .
Yes , that's right . I believe we met at a concert last year . I'm Taylor .
What kind of gas does this car take ? I don't know . It's a rental .
I don't know . It's a rental . I will give you premium unleaded . Alright ?
I will give you premium unleaded . Alright ? Sure , why not ?
Sure , why not ? That is the pump you are in front of .
That is the pump you are in front of . Is it expensive ?
Is it expensive ? It is the most expensive .
It is the most expensive . Well , I don't want it then . Can I move to another pump ?
Well , I don't want it then . Can I move to another pump ? Yes , I can give you regular unleaded . But you have to back up the car a little .
Yes , I can give you regular unleaded . But you have to back up the car a little . Give me regular unleaded then . I will back up . Can you wash my windows for me ?
Give me regular unleaded then . I will back up . Can you wash my windows for me ? I'm sorry , sir . This is not a full service gas station . I will help you fill the gas , but we don't wash windows here .
How many people are there in your family ? Five . My father , mother , brother , sister-in-law and me .
Five . My father , mother , brother , sister-in-law and me . Is your brother older or younger than you ?
What's the matter , John ? you seemed to be restless today . You see , I've been offered a new job . I can't decide whether to take it or not .
You see , I've been offered a new job . I can't decide whether to take it or not . Oh , that's easy . If it's better than the one you are doing now , go for it . That's my advice .
Oh , that's easy . If it's better than the one you are doing now , go for it . That's my advice . It isn't that easy . I hate to quit my present job . People around here are very nice and the work itself is challenging .
It isn't that easy . I hate to quit my present job . People around here are very nice and the work itself is challenging . Then what about the salary ? Would you get more ?
Then what about the salary ? Would you get more ? Yes , they say I would get a big sum .
Yes , they say I would get a big sum . Have you discussed it with your wife ?
Have you discussed it with your wife ? Yes , she leaves it to me .
Yes , she leaves it to me . As I say it the work is well worth try . After all you can get a higher salary .
I feel like going for a drink , it's been a long day . Great idea ! Peter , I could use the drink .
Great idea ! Peter , I could use the drink . How about the new bar across the road ?
How about the new bar across the road ? Sounds good . The food there is fantastic too .
Sounds good . The food there is fantastic too . I agree , I had lunch there last week .
Hi , Alice , what are you doing this sunday ? Nothing really , why , what ' s up ?
Nothing really , why , what ' s up ? If you are free , maybe you would like to go to a small party and having for my birthday party . It will be fun , you will get to know lots of people .
If you are free , maybe you would like to go to a small party and having for my birthday party . It will be fun , you will get to know lots of people . Sounds great , I'd very much like to accept your invitation , thanks , when ?
Sounds great , I'd very much like to accept your invitation , thanks , when ? Around six pm .
Around six pm . Do you need help setting up or anything ? I don't mind . I like to do that kind of thing . It's fun and I have a good eye for decorating .
Do you need help setting up or anything ? I don't mind . I like to do that kind of thing . It's fun and I have a good eye for decorating . No . thank you . I can handle it , but thanks for the offer .
No . thank you . I can handle it , but thanks for the offer . Ok , I will see you then .
Honey , I ' ll be right back ! Where are you going ?
Where are you going ? I told you already ! I ' m going to get my nails done .
I told you already ! I ' m going to get my nails done . Again ? You just went last week ! You spend more time at the nail salon than you do here at home ! Honestly , why do you need a manicure every week ?
Again ? You just went last week ! You spend more time at the nail salon than you do here at home ! Honestly , why do you need a manicure every week ? Well , first of all , I like to pamper myself , and my nails look great . You should come with me !
Well , first of all , I like to pamper myself , and my nails look great . You should come with me ! Why ? I don ' t want to have nail polish or anything like that !
Why ? I don ' t want to have nail polish or anything like that ! They don ' t only paint my nails ! The manicurist will remove my cuticles , file my nails , and apply at least nails coats of nail polish !
I'll be willing to come and talk about the financing of our imports . It can be solved by drawing a draft on us at 90 days sight .
It can be solved by drawing a draft on us at 90 days sight . What about a draft at 120 days sight ?
What about a draft at 120 days sight ? All right . But we demand the draft be accepted by a bank acceptable to us .
All right . But we demand the draft be accepted by a bank acceptable to us . A bank's acceptance will add to the costs of our imports . You can rest assured that we will accept the draft and honour it when it comes due .
A bank's acceptance will add to the costs of our imports . You can rest assured that we will accept the draft and honour it when it comes due . Then we will be in a position to arrange for a loan from our bank . You know we exports would like to have our investments returned as early as possible .
Then we will be in a position to arrange for a loan from our bank . You know we exports would like to have our investments returned as early as possible . I hope this transaction will pave the way for further business relations between our two countries .
I want something sweet after dinner . What do you have in mind ?
What do you have in mind ? A dessert sounds nice .
A dessert sounds nice . What kind are you thinking of getting ?
What kind are you thinking of getting ? I want to get some pie .
I want to get some pie . What kind of pie do you want ?
What kind of pie do you want ? I have no idea .
I have no idea . Do you want to know what kind of pie I like ?
Do you want to know what kind of pie I like ? Sure , what kind do you like ?
Sure , what kind do you like ? I love apple pie .
I love apple pie . Oh , I love apple pie too .
The product's selling points is its advanced technoledge . Unfortunately , it's just too expensive for majority of consumer to afford .
Unfortunately , it's just too expensive for majority of consumer to afford . Why is the price so high ?
Why is the price so high ? It's not just that the price is high , it's that the overhead to update an entire computer system to be compatible is costly .
It's not just that the price is high , it's that the overhead to update an entire computer system to be compatible is costly . Model of computers aren't compatible ?
Model of computers aren't compatible ? Most current computer systems simply can't handle it because this model truly has extraordinary capabilities .
Most current computer systems simply can't handle it because this model truly has extraordinary capabilities . Maybe after the next generation of technology comes out , the price of this model will become more affordable .
Maybe after the next generation of technology comes out , the price of this model will become more affordable . But by then , the technology will be outdated .
But by then , the technology will be outdated . True , but our focus has never been affordability anyway . Coastwise , we may not be very competitive , but qualitywise , we definitely have an edge .
True , but our focus has never been affordability anyway . Coastwise , we may not be very competitive , but qualitywise , we definitely have an edge . That's right , no one else has a product on the market now that is comparable .
That's right , no one else has a product on the market now that is comparable . This model has advanced technoledge , superior components , it is compact , and it's a top-quality product .
I am calling to consult you about the job as a copywriter . Yes , what do you want to know ?
Yes , what do you want to know ? The information is scanty for me . And can you describe the responsibilities of the position ?
Marketing manage office , can I help you ? Mr Green , please .
Mr Green , please . Sorry , he's out .
Sorry , he's out . What time you suspect back them ?
What time you suspect back them ? Sorry , I am not sure , can I take a message ?
Sorry , I am not sure , can I take a message ? No , thanks . I'll call back later .
No , thanks . I'll call back later . That's fine . please call again later .
Have you heard what happened ? Heard what ?
Heard what ? Deborah already had her baby .
Deborah already had her baby . I didn't know that .
I didn't know that . I thought you knew .
I thought you knew . I honestly didn't know .
I honestly didn't know . The baby was 8 pounds 6 ounces .
The baby was 8 pounds 6 ounces . That's good to hear .
That's good to hear . Will you go and visit them ?
Will you go and visit them ? Of course I will .
Of course I will . I just wanted to give you the good news .
The air conditioning is not working ! We need to call a handyman before we start to fry in here ! Dan is on top of that . I think they are also getting the handyman to fix the bathroom toilet that keeps clogging up .
Dan is on top of that . I think they are also getting the handyman to fix the bathroom toilet that keeps clogging up . That would be convenient . They might as well ask him to fix the electrical wiring . The circuit breakers keep going out all the time . It ' s really annoying !
That would be convenient . They might as well ask him to fix the electrical wiring . The circuit breakers keep going out all the time . It ' s really annoying ! Yeah you are right . This office is falling apart ! Frank told me the other day that the gutters outside were clogged and that ' s why the parking lot was flooded .
What do you think of this one ? Eh , so so .
Eh , so so . And this one ? Too flashy ?
And this one ? Too flashy ? Nah , not too flashy .
Nah , not too flashy . Hug ! And this sweater from my aunt ? Isn ' t it hideous ?
Hug ! And this sweater from my aunt ? Isn ' t it hideous ? I guess .
I guess . Are you even listening ? I ' m trying to have a conversation with you .
Are you even listening ? I ' m trying to have a conversation with you . And I ' m trying to watch the game , but you ' re yapping on about your new clothes !
And I ' m trying to watch the game , but you ' re yapping on about your new clothes ! Well I have to decide which gifts to keep and which to exchange for better ones when I go to the Boxing Day sales this afternoon !
Well I have to decide which gifts to keep and which to exchange for better ones when I go to the Boxing Day sales this afternoon ! Well could you do me the favor of making this quick ? It ' s the third quarter and you ' Ve been blabbering on since the first !
Well could you do me the favor of making this quick ? It ' s the third quarter and you ' Ve been blabbering on since the first ! Oh , your precious game . You watch the same game every year , and each year your beloved hometown team loses by at least three goals !
Oh , your precious game . You watch the same game every year , and each year your beloved hometown team loses by at least three goals ! Oh no you didn ' t . You didn ' t just insult the Sals-bury Seals , did you ? Why don ' t you just . just go and return all of those stupid clothes and not come back until the sales are over ?
What time does the train for Tibet leave ? It will leave at 3:00 p . m .
It will leave at 3:00 p . m . When does it arrive ?
When does it arrive ? It should be due in at 7:30 a . m . tomorrow .
It should be due in at 7:30 a . m . tomorrow . How much is the ticket ?
How much is the ticket ? It's 86 coach and 175 berths
What type of people do you work with most effectively ? I tend to work well with people who are confident and straightforward . It ' s more difficult for me to be around timid people , because I move quickly and I am decisive .
I tend to work well with people who are confident and straightforward . It ' s more difficult for me to be around timid people , because I move quickly and I am decisive . What things impress you in your colleagues ?
What things impress you in your colleagues ? I admire and work best with people who are of good character and integrity . I also think confidence and enthusiasm is positive in any business environment .
I admire and work best with people who are of good character and integrity . I also think confidence and enthusiasm is positive in any business environment . What are some of the things your supervisor did that you disliked ?
What are some of the things your supervisor did that you disliked ? The only thing I really don't like is to get feedback in front of others . I want to hear good and bad feedback in private , so that I have time to think and react to the issue without other distractions . I believe that's the fair way to improve learning or to change future behavior .
The only thing I really don't like is to get feedback in front of others . I want to hear good and bad feedback in private , so that I have time to think and react to the issue without other distractions . I believe that's the fair way to improve learning or to change future behavior . How do you organize and plan for major projects ?
How do you organize and plan for major projects ? I love to brainstorm a best , worst , and most likely scenario . Then , I set a timetable that's realistic . What I usually find is that some combination of my schedule easily as these things unfold because I've already visualized what could happen and how I'd react .
I love to brainstorm a best , worst , and most likely scenario . Then , I set a timetable that's realistic . What I usually find is that some combination of my schedule easily as these things unfold because I've already visualized what could happen and how I'd react . Describe an experience when you had to work under great pressure .
Describe an experience when you had to work under great pressure . I had to complete an end of quarter report once while I was on the road for two consecutive weeks . The amount of telephoning back and forth was incredible , because I could't bring my office files with me . Luckily I had a great secretary and a logical filling system , so we located everything we needed .
I had to complete an end of quarter report once while I was on the road for two consecutive weeks . The amount of telephoning back and forth was incredible , because I could't bring my office files with me . Luckily I had a great secretary and a logical filling system , so we located everything we needed . How do you manage your time in a typical day ?
How do you manage your time in a typical day ? I've always given priority to work with established clients , because they offer a better risk / return value . The last thing I do is general correspondence , especially internal correspondence , which I take care of at the end of the day or week .
I've always given priority to work with established clients , because they offer a better risk / return value . The last thing I do is general correspondence , especially internal correspondence , which I take care of at the end of the day or week . Describe a time when you acted on someone's suggestion .
How do you spend your day , Helen ? Well , on weekdays I get up around ten . Then I read the paper for an hour and have lunch at about noon .
Well , on weekdays I get up around ten . Then I read the paper for an hour and have lunch at about noon . Really ? What time do you go to work ?
Really ? What time do you go to work ? I start work at three .
I start work at three . And when do you get home at night ?
And when do you get home at night ? I get home pretty late , around midnight .
I get home pretty late , around midnight . So what do you do , exactly ?
So what do you do , exactly ? I'm a TV announcer . Don't you recognize me ? I do the weather report on KNT !
Do you watch a lot of TV ? Not really . I could take it or leave it .
Not really . I could take it or leave it . Not me . I have to have my TV and watch whatever comes on .
I wonder if I can see your mother , little boy . Is she engaged ? Engaged ? She ' s married .
Engaged ? She ' s married . Johnny , I wish you ' d stop reaching for things . Haven ' t you a tongue ?
Tim ' s smiles are interesting . Yes , they are shy and gentle but very powerful .
Yes , they are shy and gentle but very powerful . You are right . They sweep Nancy off her feet . And now she fell head over heels in love with him .
Do you have anything to do after this ? No , I don't .
No , I don't . Shall we drop in somewhere for a couple of drinks ?
Shall we drop in somewhere for a couple of drinks ? That sounds like a good idea .
That sounds like a good idea . I know a very interesting place .
Nice day , isn't it ? It sure is .
Man , I'm hungry . Do you know a good place to have lunch ? Yes , I know a great place . What types of food do you like ?
Yes , I know a great place . What types of food do you like ? Mexican , Japanese or Chinese would be great .
Mexican , Japanese or Chinese would be great . Oh , I know a place where you might like to eat .
Oh , I know a place where you might like to eat . Is it close by ?
Is it close by ? It's down a block on the right ; can I show you the way ?
It's down a block on the right ; can I show you the way ? OK , I'd love the company .
Please fill in the arrival card and sign the register . All right . Which room shall I have ?
Good morning , I would like to reserve a berth . Which train do you like ?
Which train do you like ? T112 to Washington please .
T112 to Washington please . May I have your name ?
Have you adapted to the lifestyle in China ? Yeah , almost . But there is one thing .
Yeah , almost . But there is one thing . What ?
What ? I still wonder what privacy meant for Chinese people . I don't mean to say that there's no privacy in China , but ...
I still wonder what privacy meant for Chinese people . I don't mean to say that there's no privacy in China , but ... What is it ?
What is it ? Some of my Chinese colleagues just share their personal stories in front of others .
Some of my Chinese colleagues just share their personal stories in front of others . That makes you feel uncomfortable ?
That makes you feel uncomfortable ? Yeah . we never do that in a public office .
Yeah . we never do that in a public office . Perhaps that's because we hold different ideas about privacy .
Perhaps that's because we hold different ideas about privacy . I have felt that . One day when i was in a queue , reading a newspaper story , the man behind me peered through my shoulder and stared at the newspaper I was holding .
I have felt that . One day when i was in a queue , reading a newspaper story , the man behind me peered through my shoulder and stared at the newspaper I was holding . Well , that's not rare . I've seen people reading at others ' newspaper while taking a metro or a bus .
Well , that's not rare . I've seen people reading at others ' newspaper while taking a metro or a bus . Just stare at the newspaper holding in the hands of the one next to him ?
Just stare at the newspaper holding in the hands of the one next to him ? Yeah .
Steven , shall we go shopping tomorrow ? Hum ... Why not go shopping the day after tomorrow ? Tomorrow is Saturday . I hate all the hustle and bustle of Saturday shopping .
Hum ... Why not go shopping the day after tomorrow ? Tomorrow is Saturday . I hate all the hustle and bustle of Saturday shopping . But Sunday is the same with Saturday . If you don ' t mind , that's OK .
But Sunday is the same with Saturday . If you don ' t mind , that's OK . Hum . Maybe it will be better . The most important thing is that I can have a day to relax after a week's work .
Hum . Maybe it will be better . The most important thing is that I can have a day to relax after a week's work . I see . We will go the day after tomorrow .
I see . We will go the day after tomorrow . By the way , what kind of stores do we need to go ?
By the way , what kind of stores do we need to go ? I want to buy some clothes in clothing store . When we are going back , go to the butcher's shop and buy some chicken .
I want to buy some clothes in clothing store . When we are going back , go to the butcher's shop and buy some chicken . Let ' s also go to the jewelry store to buy a crystal necklace . I want to buy one for you as your birthday present .
Here is the fish counter . Look at the lobsters and crabs . Shall we have some ? I'm allergic to these things , you know .
I'm allergic to these things , you know . Sorry , I forgot . I don ' t like seafood , neither .
Sorry , I forgot . I don ' t like seafood , neither . Let ' s go over there and get some milk , a couple dozen eggs and some orange juice .
Let ' s go over there and get some milk , a couple dozen eggs and some orange juice . Let's get frozen juice . It is really good . We ' Ve got enough food . Let ' s go over to the check-out stand .
How about you and Tom ? What time is your wedding ? Don ' t be kidding , OK ?
Don ' t be kidding , OK ? What ' s the matter ? So angry . I ' m just playing a joke with you .
Sorry . I didn't mean to be late . Can I come in ? What's your excuse this time ?
What's your excuse this time ? Have I used the one that my sister is sick ?
Have I used the one that my sister is sick ? Yes , twice last week .
Yes , twice last week . Are you sure ? I thought I said it was my mother .
Are you sure ? I thought I said it was my mother . I don't think so . But it could've been .
I don't think so . But it could've been . Well . You can trust me this time . My sister is definitely sick . I'm just coming from the hospital . They say she might even die .
Well . You can trust me this time . My sister is definitely sick . I'm just coming from the hospital . They say she might even die . I don't buy your story . Try not to have any more sick relatives this week , all right ?
I don't buy your story . Try not to have any more sick relatives this week , all right ? I'll do my best .
I'll do my best . Just try to be a little more punctual in the future .
I'm so glad I bought this watch ! Cool ! Flashy red lines !
Cool ! Flashy red lines ! I think this is the coolest watch I've ever owned .
I think this is the coolest watch I've ever owned . Is it waterproof ?
Is it waterproof ? Isn't that a silly question ? You know how much of an athlete I am .
Isn't that a silly question ? You know how much of an athlete I am . Uh , huh ... so what kind of sports do you need a waterproof watch for ?
Is there anything else , apart from the Credit Rating and Debt to Asset Ratio ? There is the Balance of Net Liabilities . This must not exceed its net assets and no business loss can be shown during the past two years .
There is the Balance of Net Liabilities . This must not exceed its net assets and no business loss can be shown during the past two years . Right , OK . That , again , shouldn't be a problem .
Right , OK . That , again , shouldn't be a problem . And the total ratio of return on assets should not be lower than the average , for that particular industry , for the first two quarters of the year .
And the total ratio of return on assets should not be lower than the average , for that particular industry , for the first two quarters of the year . Well , as far as I can tell , we qualify .
Hi , Sam . I want to buy a pet . Do you have any ideas ? You really should go to Rachel's pet store .
You really should go to Rachel's pet store . Why ? anything special there ?
Why ? anything special there ? It's more than special . You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more .
It's more than special . You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more . Oh , really ? are there any snakes ?
Oh , really ? are there any snakes ? Snakes ? there are even rodents and monkeys ! it's a world of exotic pets .
Snakes ? there are even rodents and monkeys ! it's a world of exotic pets . That's terrific . I can't wait to check it out .
That's terrific . I can't wait to check it out . Hang on . are you sure you want to keep a non-traditional pet ?
Hang on . are you sure you want to keep a non-traditional pet ? Why not ? it's so cool .
Why not ? it's so cool . But it will pose a risk to your health .
But it will pose a risk to your health . Pardon ?
Pardon ? I mean , most reptiles carry some harmful bacteria , they are likely to cause immune system problems .
I mean , most reptiles carry some harmful bacteria , they are likely to cause immune system problems . Well , I didn't realize that .
Well , I didn't realize that . I don't believe it's a good choice to keep those pets , especially for families with young children .
I don't believe it's a good choice to keep those pets , especially for families with young children . Oh , I should have thought of my brother's baby girl . Maybe I'll just have a dog instead of an exotic pet .
Good evening . What'll you have ? I'd like a beer . What kind of beer do you have ?
I'd like a beer . What kind of beer do you have ? Draft beer and cans beer . Which do you prefer ?
Draft beer and cans beer . Which do you prefer ? A draft beer please .
A draft beer please . OK . Here you are .
OK . Here you are . Could I have some fruit ?
I prefer potatoes to eggplants . I feel eggplants are more nutritious .
I feel eggplants are more nutritious . But as a matter of fact , potatoes taste better .
Want to send out for some Chinese ? Some what ?
Some what ? Some Chinese food . I'm hungry , and there's a take-out restaurant near here . We can have them deliver and then watch the news on TV while we eat .
Some Chinese food . I'm hungry , and there's a take-out restaurant near here . We can have them deliver and then watch the news on TV while we eat . No , I'd rather go out . The Chinese food here is rather different from what I had at home . Maybe we can try some other food today ... What about that all-you-can-eat place we passed the other day , the one over in the shopping center ?
No , I'd rather go out . The Chinese food here is rather different from what I had at home . Maybe we can try some other food today ... What about that all-you-can-eat place we passed the other day , the one over in the shopping center ? Okay . I could go for that . It's called Al's Steakhouse . They also have great fried fish , and I love their salad bar . You can go back to refill your plate as often as you like .
Okay . I could go for that . It's called Al's Steakhouse . They also have great fried fish , and I love their salad bar . You can go back to refill your plate as often as you like . Is that the place that serves such large portions of meat ?
Is that the place that serves such large portions of meat ? Yes , their steaks are enormous . Sometimes I can't finish what I've ordered .
Yes , their steaks are enormous . Sometimes I can't finish what I've ordered . What if that happens to me ? I hate to let food go to waste .
Have you ever tried shopping online ? No , never . I prefer to actually see and touch what I'm buying before I pay for it , especially for clothes and shoes .
No , never . I prefer to actually see and touch what I'm buying before I pay for it , especially for clothes and shoes . That's right . Seeing is believing .
That's right . Seeing is believing . I've heard some friends say when they get the article , it's quite different from what they see on the website advertisement .
I've heard some friends say when they get the article , it's quite different from what they see on the website advertisement . That happens . Without close quality examination , we may encounter fraud , and the e-shop may suddenly disappear .
That happens . Without close quality examination , we may encounter fraud , and the e-shop may suddenly disappear . What's more , it's not always so safe for us to pay online as hackers might steal the user name and password .
What's more , it's not always so safe for us to pay online as hackers might steal the user name and password . It's said that some measures have been taken to deal with this problem . Paying online is much safer than before , but I still have the feeling that it's not safe enough .
It's said that some measures have been taken to deal with this problem . Paying online is much safer than before , but I still have the feeling that it's not safe enough . I can't agree more . that's why I only do street shopping .
I can't agree more . that's why I only do street shopping . Me too . Sometimes I surf online shops to check some related information , and then go to a physical store to do the actual shopping .
I am so happy to know that the promotion campaign for our new product is very successful . We just made a record sale this season . That is very encouraging news . I heard that the marketing department has done a three months research , they sent the feedback information to the research and development center by the end of every month . That is to say , the R & D center redesigned the product twice before it was launched into the market .
That is very encouraging news . I heard that the marketing department has done a three months research , they sent the feedback information to the research and development center by the end of every month . That is to say , the R & D center redesigned the product twice before it was launched into the market . It is not an easy job . How do you like the advertisement for the new product ?
It is not an easy job . How do you like the advertisement for the new product ? That is the best one I have seen . I am sure our target customers , young people will love it .
This is the Bell Captain's Desk . May I help you ? Yes , I've been waiting for my bags to be sent up for the last half hour . Where are they ?
Yes , I've been waiting for my bags to be sent up for the last half hour . Where are they ? I'm very sorry to hear that . May I have your name and room number , please ?
I'm very sorry to hear that . May I have your name and room number , please ? Yes , it's Yao Lan . Room 406 .
Yes , it's Yao Lan . Room 406 . And how many pieces did you have ?
And how many pieces did you have ? Two suitcases and a handbag . The suitcases are blue and the shoulder bag is red .
Two suitcases and a handbag . The suitcases are blue and the shoulder bag is red . Is there a name tag attached to them ?
Is there a name tag attached to them ? Yes , there is .
Do you think my briefcase is big enough to put in all these stuff ? Let me see . Laptop , flash disk , a ballpoint pen , a pencil , a notebook , a pair of glasses , cell phone , charger , moisture lotion , ... Oh , that is too much . You are not going to a business trip .
Let me see . Laptop , flash disk , a ballpoint pen , a pencil , a notebook , a pair of glasses , cell phone , charger , moisture lotion , ... Oh , that is too much . You are not going to a business trip . I guess I need all of them .
I guess I need all of them . Actually , the company will provide you with all of these supplies . So , you can leave this very thick notebook at home .
Actually , the company will provide you with all of these supplies . So , you can leave this very thick notebook at home . I know . But it is my lucky charm . I carry it all the time .
did you know that abortion is still illegal in many states in the USA ? why ? I thought Americans were supposed to be more open than that .
why ? I thought Americans were supposed to be more open than that . well , for many religious people , they believe that people who abort their babies are murderers .
well , for many religious people , they believe that people who abort their babies are murderers . do you think most people in America believe that abortion is wrong ?
do you think most people in America believe that abortion is wrong ? no , I think it's mostly the older generation who are against abortions .
no , I think it's mostly the older generation who are against abortions . it's no wonder there are so many teenage pregnancies in America .
it's no wonder there are so many teenage pregnancies in America . religious people blame it on pre-marital sex , not on abortion being illegal .
religious people blame it on pre-marital sex , not on abortion being illegal . what do you think about abortion ?
what do you think about abortion ? I personally would never want to have one , but I think that since a pregnancy can affect a woman's entire life , she should have the right to decide for herself .
I personally would never want to have one , but I think that since a pregnancy can affect a woman's entire life , she should have the right to decide for herself . do you think the fathers should have some kind of say in the matter ?
do you think the fathers should have some kind of say in the matter ? I know this is going to sound sexist , but I don't think that men should have to give their approval to the mothers of their children .
I know this is going to sound sexist , but I don't think that men should have to give their approval to the mothers of their children . why not ? It's their children , too .
why not ? It's their children , too . that may be true , but when a woman gets pregnant , it changes her life completely . Men can still carry on with their lives after the birth exactly as they did beforehand .
Hi . I ' m here to catch flight 513 to New York . May I see your ticket please ?
May I see your ticket please ? Here you are . Do you need to see my passport ?
Here you are . Do you need to see my passport ? Any form of picture I . D . will do .
Any form of picture I . D . will do . Mmmm ... a photo I . D . I have my New Jersey driver ' s license . Is that ok ?
Mmmm ... a photo I . D . I have my New Jersey driver ' s license . Is that ok ? That will do . What an interesting picture ! How old is it ?
That will do . What an interesting picture ! How old is it ? Actually it wad taken just last year , but I had a shaved head and a beard . Can you still recognize me ?
Actually it wad taken just last year , but I had a shaved head and a beard . Can you still recognize me ? Barely . Will you be checking any luggage today ?
Barely . Will you be checking any luggage today ? Yes , One suitcase . I also have a carry-on bag .
You're not looking happy . What's the matter ? Oh , nothing special . I'm just a bit tired .
Oh , nothing special . I'm just a bit tired . With the job ?
With the job ? With everything , with everybody , with all this !
With everything , with everybody , with all this ! A good suggestion for you . You need a holiday .
A good suggestion for you . You need a holiday . It wasn't always like this , you know .
It wasn't always like this , you know . What do you mean ?
What do you mean ? Well , I mean . We always do the same thing . There's no variety in our lives .
Well , I mean . We always do the same thing . There's no variety in our lives . You need a holiday . That's what's the matter .
Did you pack this bag yourself ? Has it been out of your possession at any time before checking-in ? Yes , I packed it myself , and it hasn ' t been out of my possession .
Yes , I packed it myself , and it hasn ' t been out of my possession . Are you bringing in any plants or animal products ?
Are you bringing in any plants or animal products ? No .
No . Our sniffer dog seems to disagree . Do you mind if we look in your suitcase ?
Our sniffer dog seems to disagree . Do you mind if we look in your suitcase ? Not at all . Go right ahead .
Not at all . Go right ahead . What ' s this sir ?
What ' s this sir ? It ' s traditional Chinese Medicine . I mix it with hot water like tea . Sorry . I forgot about it .
It ' s traditional Chinese Medicine . I mix it with hot water like tea . Sorry . I forgot about it . What are these red things sir ?
What are these red things sir ? Oh no ! I forgot about those too ! Those are Chinese sausages for my Aunt Lily .
May I help you with something ? I would like to return some books .
I would like to return some books . I ' ll take them .
I ' ll take them . Here you go .
Here you go . These books were due two weeks ago .
These books were due two weeks ago . Yeah . I totally forgot they were due .
Yeah . I totally forgot they were due . You will need to pay late fees on these books .
You will need to pay late fees on these books . How much are the late fees ?
How much are the late fees ? The fee is 25 cents every day .
The fee is 25 cents every day . I have to pay 25 cents a day ?
I have to pay 25 cents a day ? And that ' s for each book that is late .
I'd like you to do me a favor . What is it ?
What is it ? Can you mail this at the post office for me ? I have to go to the doctor for an appointment and I don't have enough time to go to the post office .
How would you like your hair set ? I'd like to have it in big waves .
Hello , Oriental Hotel . I'd like to speak to Michael Baker , please .
I'd like to speak to Michael Baker , please . I'm sorry , Mr . Baker is not in . May I take a message ?
I'm sorry , Mr . Baker is not in . May I take a message ? Yes . Tell him Mr . Cook called and ask him to return my call soon as he gets back .
I am calling to ask about the position of an usher . Anything you would like to know ?
Anything you would like to know ? What qualities do you expect the applicants to have ?
Now please tell me something about your past work achievements . All right , madam . When I was sales manager at the Beijing Friendship Store . I succeeded in raising the yearly sales volume by 25 % and profit margins from 50 % to 80 % .
All right , madam . When I was sales manager at the Beijing Friendship Store . I succeeded in raising the yearly sales volume by 25 % and profit margins from 50 % to 80 % . That is quite an achievement ! Do you consider it your most rewarding work experience ?
That is quite an achievement ! Do you consider it your most rewarding work experience ? I don't think so . I'll create further achievement in the future .
I don't think so . I'll create further achievement in the future . Have you received any honors ?
Have you received any honors ? Yes . I got the title of " Advance Worker " in 2006 .
Yes . I got the title of " Advance Worker " in 2006 . Do you have any publications ?
Peter , how often do you exercise ? Well , I swim and run every day .
Well , I swim and run every day . Now , tell me , what do you eat ?
Now , tell me , what do you eat ? Well , I don't eat any meat , but I do eat fish and eggs .
Well , I don't eat any meat , but I do eat fish and eggs . Do you eat a lot of vegetables ?
Do you eat a lot of vegetables ? Oh yes , and fruit , I love fruit .
Oh yes , and fruit , I love fruit . What do you drink ?
( A stranger stops to help ) Everything OK ? No ! My tour bus got a speeding ticket not ten minutes ago . Now my engine is on fire !
No ! My tour bus got a speeding ticket not ten minutes ago . Now my engine is on fire ! I think that's just steam . Your engine's overheated .
I think that's just steam . Your engine's overheated . Do you know a lot about cars ?
Do you know a lot about cars ? A little bit . I'll take a look if you want me to .
A little bit . I'll take a look if you want me to . Please . Thank you so much for stopping .
Please . Thank you so much for stopping . Yeah , she's hot . Radiator's leaking . Looks like you were running her pretty hard .
Yeah , she's hot . Radiator's leaking . Looks like you were running her pretty hard . That must have been just before I got the speeding ticket .
That must have been just before I got the speeding ticket . Did you have an accident recently ... Hey , wait a second ! I know this car !
Did you have an accident recently ... Hey , wait a second ! I know this car ! You do ?
You do ? I ran into it a couple of weeks ago . What do you know ? Name's Hal .
I ran into it a couple of weeks ago . What do you know ? Name's Hal . I'm Akimbo . Nice to meet you , I guess .
I'm Akimbo . Nice to meet you , I guess . Boy , I'm sure sorry about your car . Hey , Akimbo , I wonder if you'd like to make a deal ?
Boy , I'm sure sorry about your car . Hey , Akimbo , I wonder if you'd like to make a deal ? What kind of deal ?
What kind of deal ? I'd like to give you cash for the damage to your car .
I'd like to give you cash for the damage to your car . You don't want your insurance company to pay for it ?
You don't want your insurance company to pay for it ? I'd rather not . They'll raise my rates . It'll cost me more in the long run .
I'd rather not . They'll raise my rates . It'll cost me more in the long run . If you give me cash , do you care if I don't fix the car ?
If you give me cash , do you care if I don't fix the car ? Hell , I don't care . Just don'T submit a report to your insurancecompany .
Hey , Tom , did you enjoy your lunch ? Oh , don't mention it . It was terrible .
Oh , don't mention it . It was terrible . What ' the matter ?
What ' the matter ? The food station was as crowded as usual . I waited for 20 minutes for my sandwich , and when I finally got it the chicken was underdone .
The food station was as crowded as usual . I waited for 20 minutes for my sandwich , and when I finally got it the chicken was underdone . I see . You simply can't blame the server for this .
I see . You simply can't blame the server for this . Yes , I know . Fast food is so popular in this district .
Yes , I know . Fast food is so popular in this district . That's true .
That's true . Anyway , how was your such , Catherine ?
Anyway , how was your such , Catherine ? It was good . I brought lunch from home today .
It was good . I brought lunch from home today . You did ? I thought you must feel right at home here as we get as many fast food restaurants as you do in America .
You did ? I thought you must feel right at home here as we get as many fast food restaurants as you do in America . Well , I personally don't like them because I don't believe that they are healthy .
Well , I personally don't like them because I don't believe that they are healthy . I guess you're right . More often than not , people go there only for convenience . The foods may taste good , but generally speaking , they are high in calories , salt and fat .
I guess you're right . More often than not , people go there only for convenience . The foods may taste good , but generally speaking , they are high in calories , salt and fat . Yes . I am wondering that you must believe fast food is our lifestyle , don't you ?
Yes . I am wondering that you must believe fast food is our lifestyle , don't you ? You bet . Almost all top brands such as McDonald's and KFC are from America .
You bet . Almost all top brands such as McDonald's and KFC are from America . Well , actually two-thirds of Americans may avoid these places .
Well , actually two-thirds of Americans may avoid these places . Seriously ?
Hello , is that Cathy speaking ? Yes , is that you , Allen ?
Yes , is that you , Allen ? Yes , how are you doing ?
Yes , how are you doing ? Not bad .
Not bad . Say I've got two tickets for the concert this evening . Would you like to come with me ?
Say I've got two tickets for the concert this evening . Would you like to come with me ? Sure . Thank you very much .
Sure . Thank you very much . Then I ' ll pick you up at six thirty . OK ?
Then I ' ll pick you up at six thirty . OK ? Ok , see you .
Can we have a table for three , please ? Sorry , all the tables for three are reserved .
Sorry , all the tables for three are reserved . Do you have a table for four , please ?
Do you have a table for four , please ? Yes , smoking or non-smoking ?
Yes , smoking or non-smoking ? We'd like a non-smoking table , please .
The bartender just gave the last call . Let's order another round , okay ? Sure , but let's get a pitcher this time We should be able to down it before they close .
Sure , but let's get a pitcher this time We should be able to down it before they close . That sounds good . You order the beer while I go to the bathroom . Where is the can in this place ?
That sounds good . You order the beer while I go to the bathroom . Where is the can in this place ? It's all the way to the back . See that yellow door ?
It's all the way to the back . See that yellow door ? Yeah . I think I can find it .
Yeah . I think I can find it . You're back already . That sure was quick .
You're back already . That sure was quick . That's because I just took one step inside and turned right around . That bathroom is too gross for me .
That's because I just took one step inside and turned right around . That bathroom is too gross for me . Well , the bartender wouldn't give me the pitcher of beer . Anyway . He said it was too close to closing time .
Well , the bartender wouldn't give me the pitcher of beer . Anyway . He said it was too close to closing time . Let's leave then . I could take some fresh air , anyway .
Have you heard of Paul ? No , what ?
No , what ? He's got a promotion .
He's got a promotion . You're kidding .
You're kidding . No , they made him vicepresident in charge of sells .
No , they made him vicepresident in charge of sells . Oh , I don't believe it . He is only being with the company for two years .
Oh , I don't believe it . He is only being with the company for two years . Well , it's true . The board man last thirdly and they choice Paul .
Do you consider yourself a good mother ? Yes , I'm a very good mother and successful career woman .
Yes , I'm a very good mother and successful career woman . How can you manage to do both ? I mean , it is so hard to be a working mother .
How can you manage to do both ? I mean , it is so hard to be a working mother . I think the most important thing is that you should be nice to yourself , like keeping housework simple , spending money on things that make life easier , buying yourself things you like , and so on . You can only be nice to others when you can be nice to yourself .
I think the most important thing is that you should be nice to yourself , like keeping housework simple , spending money on things that make life easier , buying yourself things you like , and so on . You can only be nice to others when you can be nice to yourself . Does your husband feel the same ?
Tell me about yourself . I was born and raised in Beijing . I attended Peking University and received my bachelor's degree in Economics . I have worked for 2 years as a financial consultant in Beijing for China Pacific Insurance Co . Ltd .
I was born and raised in Beijing . I attended Peking University and received my bachelor's degree in Economics . I have worked for 2 years as a financial consultant in Beijing for China Pacific Insurance Co . Ltd . What type of position are you looking for ?
What type of position are you looking for ? I'm looking for a position in which I can utilize my experience .
I'm looking for a position in which I can utilize my experience . Are you interested in a full-time or part-time position ?
Are you interested in a full-time or part-time position ? I am more interested in a full-time position . However , I would also consider a part-time position .
I am more interested in a full-time position . However , I would also consider a part-time position . Can you tell me about your responsibilities at your last job ?
Can you tell me about your responsibilities at your last job ? I advised customers on financial matters . After I consulted the customer , I completed a customer inquiry form and catalogued the information in our database . I then collaborated with colleagues to prepare the best possible package for the client . The clients were then presented with a summarized report on their financial activities that I formulated on a quarterly basis .
I advised customers on financial matters . After I consulted the customer , I completed a customer inquiry form and catalogued the information in our database . I then collaborated with colleagues to prepare the best possible package for the client . The clients were then presented with a summarized report on their financial activities that I formulated on a quarterly basis . What is your greatest strength ?
What is your greatest strength ? I am an excellent communicator . People trust me and come to me for advice . One afternoon , my colleague was involved with a troublesome customer who felt he was not being served well . I made the customer a cup of coffee and invited both my colleague and the client to my desk where we solved the problem together .
I am an excellent communicator . People trust me and come to me for advice . One afternoon , my colleague was involved with a troublesome customer who felt he was not being served well . I made the customer a cup of coffee and invited both my colleague and the client to my desk where we solved the problem together . What is your greatest weakness ?
What is your greatest weakness ? I tend to spend too much time making sure the customer is satisfied . However , I began setting time-limits for myself .
I tend to spend too much time making sure the customer is satisfied . However , I began setting time-limits for myself . Why do you want to work for our company ?
Why do you want to work for our company ? After following your firm's progress for the last 3 years , I am convinced that your company is becoming one of the market leaders and I would like to be a part of that team .
After following your firm's progress for the last 3 years , I am convinced that your company is becoming one of the market leaders and I would like to be a part of that team . When can you begin ?
My dear , what's for supper ? Red cooked carp and rape with fresh mushrooms .
Red cooked carp and rape with fresh mushrooms . What about soup ?
What about soup ? Sour-peppery soup .
Sour-peppery soup . Which condiment do you use for ?
Which condiment do you use for ? I'll use ginger , garlic scallion , hot pepper and vinegar .
I'll use ginger , garlic scallion , hot pepper and vinegar . Very good , need I help you ?
Very good , need I help you ? No , don't need , I can do myself .
No , don't need , I can do myself . Thanks . I can watch TV now .
Thanks . I can watch TV now . But you must cook that dinner next time .
Tom , I won first prize in the poetry contest . Come on ! You're pulling my leg .
Come on ! You're pulling my leg . Really ! Here's my trophy .
My son came home from three years in the navy . It was a real red letter day for you .
How do you do ? How do you do ? Nice to meet you , Ms . Smith . I ' m Jack Stevens from the Marketing Department . Here is my card .
How do you do ? Nice to meet you , Ms . Smith . I ' m Jack Stevens from the Marketing Department . Here is my card . It ' s nice to meet you , Mr . Stevens .
It ' s nice to meet you , Mr . Stevens . Please call me Jack . Have a seat , please .
OK . Come back into the classroom , class . Does the class start again , Mam ?
Does the class start again , Mam ? Yes , but to the heath , this break has long enough .
Yes , but to the heath , this break has long enough . Oh , breaktime flies .
Oh , breaktime flies . Come on , baby . It ' s time now .
Come on , baby . It ' s time now . Mam , another minute , could I ?
I know you have a son . How old is he ? He's going to turn six next month .
He's going to turn six next month . Who is looking after him ?
Who is looking after him ? My mother-in - law . She retired last year .
My mother-in - law . She retired last year . You really are lucky !
Hello , I want to apply for the position of an usher in your restaurant . Welcome . One of your duties is to know the number of the customer and accept reservation .
Welcome . One of your duties is to know the number of the customer and accept reservation . What else do I need to do ?
Do you want to hang out tomorrow ? Oh , I can't . I have a date !
Oh , I can't . I have a date ! Really ? Wow with who ?
Really ? Wow with who ? This girl I've been chatting with for the past couple of months . She's really cool and she's driving over here this weekend .
This girl I've been chatting with for the past couple of months . She's really cool and she's driving over here this weekend . Wait a minute , you mean you met her online ?
Wait a minute , you mean you met her online ? Yeah ! I signed up for a website called match @ . com and it is great ! You fill in all your details and preferences , like if you are a smoker or if you have any pets . Then you find people that have similar characteristics and you can email them or chat .
Yeah ! I signed up for a website called match @ . com and it is great ! You fill in all your details and preferences , like if you are a smoker or if you have any pets . Then you find people that have similar characteristics and you can email them or chat . That is kind of weird ! What if she is a psycho or something like that ?
That is kind of weird ! What if she is a psycho or something like that ? It's the same as meeting people anywhere and dating them ! I am just tired of going to bars or being set up for dates by my friends ! I think this is a really cool alternative , especially if you are a bit shy .
I am so glad I caught you at home . I need your help ! What's up , Robert ?
What's up , Robert ? Cafe au lait , cafe latte , cappuccino , cafe mocha ... I can't keep them all straight !
Cafe au lait , cafe latte , cappuccino , cafe mocha ... I can't keep them all straight ! Slow down . What are you talking about ?
Mike ! Look at the floor ! What's wrong with it ?
What's wrong with it ? What's wrong with it ? It's filthy !
What's wrong with it ? It's filthy ! Oh ...
Oh ... It's filthy because you never wipe your shoes .
It's filthy because you never wipe your shoes . Sorry , love .
Sorry , love . What are you looking for now ?
What are you looking for now ? My cigarettes .
My cigarettes . Well , they ' re not here . They are in the dustbin .
Who do you think is the greatest novelist in the history of English literature ? Charles Dickens . Actually no one can parallel him in writing .
I am calling to find out why I didn ' t receive an unemployment check this week . Did you send in your Continued Claim Form for the last period ?
Did you send in your Continued Claim Form for the last period ? I think I forgot to send it in !
I think I forgot to send it in ! You need to be very careful to send that form in every two weeks if you want to get paid .
You need to be very careful to send that form in every two weeks if you want to get paid . Can I send it in now ?
Can I send it in now ? You should look at your claim form and see if it has been more than fourteen days since it was due . If it hasn ' t been , we will still accept it .
You should look at your claim form and see if it has been more than fourteen days since it was due . If it hasn ' t been , we will still accept it . Can I mail it in early next time so it isn ' t late ?
Can I mail it in early next time so it isn ' t late ? Actually , you cannot mail it in early , as it needs to reflect all of the information up to the due date .
Actually , you cannot mail it in early , as it needs to reflect all of the information up to the due date . Will my paycheck come right away now ?
911 emergency . What is the problem ? I would like to report a break-in .
I would like to report a break-in . When was this break-in ?
When was this break-in ? I believe it happened last night .
I believe it happened last night . Where was the break-in ?
Where was the break-in ? It happened at my house .
It happened at my house . Was anything stolen ?
Was anything stolen ? I haven't checked yet .
I haven't checked yet . Why do you think there was a break-in ?
Why do you think there was a break-in ? My front window was broken .
My front window was broken . We'll send a squad car shortly .
How are you wedding plans going ? Very well . We started organizing everything early to avoid a last minute rush to get things done . The only thing that isn ' t ready yet is my wedding dress .
Very well . We started organizing everything early to avoid a last minute rush to get things done . The only thing that isn ' t ready yet is my wedding dress . When will that be ready ?
When will that be ready ? The dressmakers said that is would be ready in two weeks .
The dressmakers said that is would be ready in two weeks . You ' re getting married in three weeks . So that should be ok . So , you ' Ve prepared the church , catering , transport , hotel-everything .
You ' re getting married in three weeks . So that should be ok . So , you ' Ve prepared the church , catering , transport , hotel-everything . Yes . We ' Ve taken care of all of that . We decided not to get married in a church though . Neither of us is very religious .
Yes . We ' Ve taken care of all of that . We decided not to get married in a church though . Neither of us is very religious . Which hotel will the reception be held at ?
Which hotel will the reception be held at ? The palace hotel they ' re taking care of the catering , including the wedding cake . I ' m sure they ' ll do a good job .
The palace hotel they ' re taking care of the catering , including the wedding cake . I ' m sure they ' ll do a good job . Oh , yes . It ' s and excellent hotel . A friend of mine had her wedding reception there and said it was perfect , though very expensive .
Oh , yes . It ' s and excellent hotel . A friend of mine had her wedding reception there and said it was perfect , though very expensive . Yes . It will be expensive , but we think it will be worth it . It gives us great peace of mind to know that our reception is in the hands of experienced people .
I have just received your note which informs me that you have offered the accountant position to another candidate . May I ask why I was defeated ? We have thought of you carefully with discretion , but the other candidate has more experiences .
We have thought of you carefully with discretion , but the other candidate has more experiences . Experience is important , but don't you think capability is more valuable than that ?
Experience is important , but don't you think capability is more valuable than that ? Yes , I think so . But how do you prove to me that you are more capable ?
Yes , I think so . But how do you prove to me that you are more capable ? Maybe you can hire me on trial . If I'm not qualified for the job , you can let me go .
We are going to have a picnic tomorrow at the picnic center . That's great .
That's great . Now let's get things ready .
Now let's get things ready . Don't worry . There are all kinds of things in the center .
I would like to buy a bottle of cleansing milk . Can you recommend me some kinds ? Sure . What kind of skin do you have ?
Sure . What kind of skin do you have ? My skin is oily .
My skin is oily . Then I advise you to buy the LAY cleansing milk .
Hi , Mary . I haven't seen you in ages ! I heard that you and Daniel are getting married on August 8th , the opening day of the 2008 Olympic Games . Is it true ? Yes , it is . We've been dating for over 7 years . We have decided to get married on a special day and we think August 8th , 2008 is a red-letter day .
Yes , it is . We've been dating for over 7 years . We have decided to get married on a special day and we think August 8th , 2008 is a red-letter day . Good for you ! It sounds like you've done a lot of planning in a very short time .
Good for you ! It sounds like you've done a lot of planning in a very short time . Yes , there is a lot of to be taken care of---wedding photos , wedding dress , catering , transport , hotel , etc ...
Yes , there is a lot of to be taken care of---wedding photos , wedding dress , catering , transport , hotel , etc ... Is everything ready now ?
Is everything ready now ? Almost . The only thing that isn't ready is the hotel . As a lot of people have chosen that day to get married , it is hard to find a hotel that isn't too expensive .
Almost . The only thing that isn't ready is the hotel . As a lot of people have chosen that day to get married , it is hard to find a hotel that isn't too expensive . Have you tried The Peninsula Palace Beijing ? My wedding reception was held there and they did an excellent job .
Have you tried The Peninsula Palace Beijing ? My wedding reception was held there and they did an excellent job . Yes , we called , but it is booked up . The only choice is the Regent Beijing but we haven't made up our minds yet .
Yes , we called , but it is booked up . The only choice is the Regent Beijing but we haven't made up our minds yet . It's an excellent hotel . A friend of mine had her wedding reception there and said it was perfect , though very expensive .
It's an excellent hotel . A friend of mine had her wedding reception there and said it was perfect , though very expensive . That's why we want to have a look at other hotels . We don ' t want to spend too much on an extravagant wedding reception .
That's why we want to have a look at other hotels . We don ' t want to spend too much on an extravagant wedding reception . I guess you're right . I can help you ask other hotels . I am sure there are probably some available .
I guess you're right . I can help you ask other hotels . I am sure there are probably some available . Thank you .
Do you have maps of downtown area ? Yes , here you are .
Yes , here you are . How much is it ?
How much is it ? It's free of charge .
Only one . But I wanted to make sure I'd get it . Yeah , I really wanted that Chanel bag , too . But just in case you should bid low .
Yeah , I really wanted that Chanel bag , too . But just in case you should bid low . But there are only two more days until the bidding closes !
But there are only two more days until the bidding closes ! I bid on a Chanel watch at the last minute , and got it sixty percent off !
I bid on a Chanel watch at the last minute , and got it sixty percent off ! Oh ... I'm such a newbie . But at least I'm sure I'll get that tennis racket .
Oh ... I'm such a newbie . But at least I'm sure I'll get that tennis racket . Don't count on it , Babe . eBay is always full of surprises .
I ' m fed up with marriage . Why do you say so ? Everyone admires that you have a good wife .
Why do you say so ? Everyone admires that you have a good wife . Oh , no . When we were poor , we often tried our best to make ends meet . It was a hard time .
Oh , no . When we were poor , we often tried our best to make ends meet . It was a hard time . But now you are rich .
But now you are rich . And we have some squabbles on some boring things .
Can you help me do an internet search ? Sure . What do you want to find ?
Sure . What do you want to find ? I want to find information on the American Civil War .
I want to find information on the American Civil War . Well , can you be more specific ? There are a lot of websites about that .
Well , can you be more specific ? There are a lot of websites about that . Yes , I want to know about the battle of Gettysburg .
Yes , I want to know about the battle of Gettysburg . O . K . Well , go to google . com , and type in " Battle of Gettysburg . "
O . K . Well , go to google . com , and type in " Battle of Gettysburg . " Oh wow , there are a lot of sites .
Oh wow , there are a lot of sites . Here , try this one . It ' s a good site about Gettysburg .
Here , try this one . It ' s a good site about Gettysburg . Thanks .
Thanks . For detailed information , however , you should read a history book .
Can you give me more details on what is included in the package ? Sure . The coach leaves at 6:30 a . m . , in front of our office . The drive takes eight hours , with two stops to see some sights .
Sure . The coach leaves at 6:30 a . m . , in front of our office . The drive takes eight hours , with two stops to see some sights . What about the hotel accommodations ?
What about the hotel accommodations ? You'll be staying at Holiday Inn . It's a three-star hotel with two restaurants and a swimming pool .
You'll be staying at Holiday Inn . It's a three-star hotel with two restaurants and a swimming pool . Great . What types of things will we do at Lushun Falls ?
Uh-oh . We don't have a flashlight . Don't worry . We'll make it back to the camp site before dark .
the James ' s file , Christine ? I had it right here a minute ago , Mr . Emory . Umm . Just a minute ...
I had it right here a minute ago , Mr . Emory . Umm . Just a minute ... Christine , I know you ' re new here and there ' s a lot to learn , but you are going to have to learn to keep your work in better order . We can ' t afford to lose an important document .
I'm hungry . So am I .
So am I . Where should we go eat today ?
Where should we go eat today ? How about we go eat in the cafeteria ?
How about we go eat in the cafeteria ? I never bought food from the cafeteria .
I never bought food from the cafeteria . You haven't ? They have a lot of good stuff .
You haven't ? They have a lot of good stuff . What do they have ?
What do they have ? They sell everything .
They sell everything . Well , I want Chinese food .
Well , I want Chinese food . I've gotten chow mein from there before .
I've gotten chow mein from there before . I guess we can eat there then .
Over here is our gym . We have all the latest equipment . But I haven't used exercising equipment before . Can you tell us some more details ?
But I haven't used exercising equipment before . Can you tell us some more details ? Certainly . We have here the race apparatus , stationary bike , muscle builder set , chest expander , bar bell , dumb bell and so on .
Certainly . We have here the race apparatus , stationary bike , muscle builder set , chest expander , bar bell , dumb bell and so on . Working in the gym is a very good way for losing weight . What else do you have ?
Working in the gym is a very good way for losing weight . What else do you have ? Here's the swimming pool . It's open from 10 a . m . to 11 p . m . There are also massage rooms here .
are you a blogger ? sure I am . I've been writing a blog for almost three years .
sure I am . I've been writing a blog for almost three years . oh , it seems that I'm the only one who never blogs . When did you get started ?
oh , it seems that I'm the only one who never blogs . When did you get started ? I began blogging when I first went to the US for my graduate strides .
I began blogging when I first went to the US for my graduate strides . what do you usually write about ?
what do you usually write about ? at first , I'll write about my life there . Like interesting things on the campus , travel stories , special English words that I come across . Sometimes , I'll post my pictures on my blog so my family an
at first , I'll write about my life there . Like interesting things on the campus , travel stories , special English words that I come across . Sometimes , I'll post my pictures on my blog so my family an that's interesting . How often do you write a blog ?
that's interesting . How often do you write a blog ? it's random . If there happen to be a lot of things going on , I may add several new entries in a week , and if I've got nothing to share , I may leave my blog untouched for weeks .
it's random . If there happen to be a lot of things going on , I may add several new entries in a week , and if I've got nothing to share , I may leave my blog untouched for weeks . got it . Are you still updating your blog ?
got it . Are you still updating your blog ? sure , since I came back from the US , I've been keeping the habit of blogging , simply to share my personal insights on any topic I like .
Is this a duty-free shop ? Yes , sir . What can I do for you ?
Yes , sir . What can I do for you ? I want to buy some specialties . Can you recommend me some ?
I want to buy some specialties . Can you recommend me some ? Sure . I strongly advise you to buy a bottle of perfume and a lighter .
Sure . I strongly advise you to buy a bottle of perfume and a lighter . Fine . They look nice . I will take both of them .
What sort of job would you like to take ? I prefer a sedentary job and I used to work as an operator .
I prefer a sedentary job and I used to work as an operator . We need an operator now .
I see Mike farmer has make it into the Olympic team . He beat the national record by 0 . 1 of a second . That ' s great . He ' s the best runner I ' Ve seen this season . I ' m sure he ' ll win a medal at the Olympics .
That ' s great . He ' s the best runner I ' Ve seen this season . I ' m sure he ' ll win a medal at the Olympics . I think you ' re right . I think we have a very good athletics team . They should do well in the Olympics . How many medals do you think we ' ll win ?
I think you ' re right . I think we have a very good athletics team . They should do well in the Olympics . How many medals do you think we ' ll win ? I really don ' t know . I don ' t think we ' ll win many gold medals , but I think we should win several silver and bronze ones .
I really don ' t know . I don ' t think we ' ll win many gold medals , but I think we should win several silver and bronze ones . What do you think our chance are in other events .
What do you think our chance are in other events . In the last Olympics , we did very well in swimming , cycling and ball sports . I think we ' ll do well in those same events .
In the last Olympics , we did very well in swimming , cycling and ball sports . I think we ' ll do well in those same events . We might get a gold medal in the sailing too . Our team put in a lot of practice .
We might get a gold medal in the sailing too . Our team put in a lot of practice . I think we can expect to get between 30 to 40 medals in total .
Do you believe in UFOs ? Of course , they are out there .
Of course , they are out there . But I never saw them .
But I never saw them . Are you stupid ? They are called UFOs , so not everybody can see them .
Are you stupid ? They are called UFOs , so not everybody can see them . You mean that you can them .
You mean that you can them . That's right . I can see them in my dreams .
That's right . I can see them in my dreams . They come to the earth ?
They come to the earth ? No . Their task is to send the aliens here from the outer space .
No . Their task is to send the aliens here from the outer space . Aliens from the outer space ? Do you talk to them ? What do they look like ?
Aliens from the outer space ? Do you talk to them ? What do they look like ? OK , OK , one by one , please ! They look like robots , but they can speak . Their mission is to make friends with human beings .
OK , OK , one by one , please ! They look like robots , but they can speak . Their mission is to make friends with human beings . That means that you talk to them ? In which language ?
That means that you talk to them ? In which language ? Of course in English , they learn English on Mars too .
What a beautiful watch . It goes very well with your ring . Thank you .
Thank you . Is that your wedding ring ?
Is that your wedding ring ? I'm not married yet . It's my engagement ring .
I'm not married yet . It's my engagement ring . Well , congratulations . When is the big date ?
Well , congratulations . When is the big date ? In June .
In June . Did you have the watch before getting the ring ?
Did you have the watch before getting the ring ? Actually , we bought the ring together after I got the watch .
Actually , we bought the ring together after I got the watch . You did a fabulous job with the selection . It's gorgeous .
You did a fabulous job with the selection . It's gorgeous . Thank you so much .
Thank you so much . What kind of watch is it ?
What kind of watch is it ? It's a Tag Heer .
It's a Tag Heer . If you don't mind me asking , how much do they cost ?
If you don't mind me asking , how much do they cost ? This one is $ 1500 . But they range from $ 600 to $ 3000 .
This one is $ 1500 . But they range from $ 600 to $ 3000 . That's why it looks so nice . I should have figured . You always get what you pay for .
How are the children doing at sport ? I ' m very pleased with their performances . Timmy can cover the 100 meters in 12 seconds . That ' s very fast for a kid his age .
I ' m very pleased with their performances . Timmy can cover the 100 meters in 12 seconds . That ' s very fast for a kid his age . He ' s not very good at the long jump though , is he ?
He ' s not very good at the long jump though , is he ? He ' s not bad . He can jump a distance of over four meters . I think he just prefers running to jumping . Jimmy ' s very good at the high jump . He can jump over two meters . Again , that ' s fine for someone his age .
He ' s not bad . He can jump a distance of over four meters . I think he just prefers running to jumping . Jimmy ' s very good at the high jump . He can jump over two meters . Again , that ' s fine for someone his age . Two meters ? That means that the high jump bar is above his head ! Are any of them good at long-distance running ?
Two meters ? That means that the high jump bar is above his head ! Are any of them good at long-distance running ? The longest race we run is the 1500 meters . A few of the boys and one girls can do it in less than five minutes .
The longest race we run is the 1500 meters . A few of the boys and one girls can do it in less than five minutes . How are they at swimming ?
How are they at swimming ? They ' re ok . I ask them to swim 500 meters each day . That ' s 20 lengths of the swimming pool . They ' re not very fast , but that ' s ok . I just want them to build their strength up and keep in shape .
They ' re ok . I ask them to swim 500 meters each day . That ' s 20 lengths of the swimming pool . They ' re not very fast , but that ' s ok . I just want them to build their strength up and keep in shape . Kate is very good at diving from a height of 10 meters .
Kate is very good at diving from a height of 10 meters . I ' d be afraid to jump from that height !
I ' d be afraid to jump from that height ! I think that these kinds haven ' t learnt to be afraid yet . She started diving from a lower height , but she soon wanted to go higher .
Hi , there . Look at these . I have collected some ads here . There is a special promotion for Mother's Day this weekend . Oh , yes . Mother's Day is coming . Do you plan to buy anything ?
Oh , yes . Mother's Day is coming . Do you plan to buy anything ? Of course . I want to buy some night cream for my mom , and some masques for myself .
Of course . I want to buy some night cream for my mom , and some masques for myself . Hmm . In Carrefour , Clinique will be promoting their visible skin renewed cream .
Hmm . In Carrefour , Clinique will be promoting their visible skin renewed cream . How much is it ?
How much is it ? 180 yuan , and you can get a free 8 piece gift package .
180 yuan , and you can get a free 8 piece gift package . What's included in the gift package ?
What's included in the gift package ? Some black mascara , moisturizing orion , eye cream crystal lipstick , a two color eye shadow pack , styling hairspray , and a cosmetics bag .
Do you have a package tour to Hollywood ? Yes , here is the table , which plans do you like best ?
Yes , here is the table , which plans do you like best ? The seven-days trip shall be fine . How much is this tour ?
The seven-days trip shall be fine . How much is this tour ? $ 300 .
$ 300 . We will take the trip . Could you give us a pamphlet ?
Have you ever gotten a parking ticket ? I've never gotten one . Have you ?
I've never gotten one . Have you ? I got a ticket yesterday .
I got a ticket yesterday . Really ? What did you get one for ?
Really ? What did you get one for ? I parked in the red zone .
I parked in the red zone . Why did you do that ?
Why did you do that ? I needed to get something really quick .
I needed to get something really quick . Where did you park at ?
Where did you park at ? At my apartment building .
At my apartment building . Don't you have your own parking spot ?
Don't you have your own parking spot ? I needed to be fast .
Next , please . May I help you , sir ? Hello , yes , I ' d like to open a bank account .
Hello , yes , I ' d like to open a bank account . Certainly , I can can help you with that . What type of account would you like to open ? A chequing or a savings account ?
Certainly , I can can help you with that . What type of account would you like to open ? A chequing or a savings account ? What What features do they offer ?
What What features do they offer ? Well , if you just take a look here , see , with our chequing account , you can have unlimited daily transactions for a small monthly fee , and our savings account has a higher interest rate , but you must carry a minimum balance of $ 10,000 dollars .
Well , if you just take a look here , see , with our chequing account , you can have unlimited daily transactions for a small monthly fee , and our savings account has a higher interest rate , but you must carry a minimum balance of $ 10,000 dollars . I see , well , I think I ' m more interested in a chequing account . I like to have easy access to my money .
I see , well , I think I ' m more interested in a chequing account . I like to have easy access to my money . Alright , then , with this chequing account you ' ll be issued a debit card and a cheque book . Will you require overdraft protection ? There is an extra fee for that .
Alright , then , with this chequing account you ' ll be issued a debit card and a cheque book . Will you require overdraft protection ? There is an extra fee for that . No , that won ' t be necessary .
No , that won ' t be necessary . In that case , I ' ll get you to fill out this paperwork . I ' ll need your social insurance number , and two pieces of government ID . If you could just sign here , and here , and here . we ' ll be all set . Would you like to make a deposit today ?
Lili , let ' s take a vacation ! George , how can we ? Vacations cost money . And this month we don ' t have much money left after paying the rent .
George , how can we ? Vacations cost money . And this month we don ' t have much money left after paying the rent . Well , Lili , we can visit different places in the state in our van 10 . We are not going to take a plane or stay at a hotel this time . Trust me , it won ' t cost much .
Well , Lili , we can visit different places in the state in our van 10 . We are not going to take a plane or stay at a hotel this time . Trust me , it won ' t cost much . Where will we sleep , then ?
Where will we sleep , then ? In the van .
In the van . What about other expenses ?
What about other expenses ? Let ' s see . Gas , food , recreation , we won ' t spend much . Come on . Don ' t hesitate . We need to get out of the house once in a while . We have been working hard , haven ' t we ?
Let ' s see . Gas , food , recreation , we won ' t spend much . Come on . Don ' t hesitate . We need to get out of the house once in a while . We have been working hard , haven ' t we ? Maybe you ' re right . When do you plan to go ?
Maybe you ' re right . When do you plan to go ? The sooner the better ! I can ' t wait !
The sooner the better ! I can ' t wait ! Oh , I don ' t know where we ' re going yet .
Oh , I don ' t know where we ' re going yet . As long as we ' re going , you can decide where to go . I trust your judgments . I know you miss Chinese food , so we can eat at a Chinese restaurant this time .
As long as we ' re going , you can decide where to go . I trust your judgments . I know you miss Chinese food , so we can eat at a Chinese restaurant this time . Let ' s go to Chicago . We can have lunch in Chinatown . Then we can go to a ball game at Wrigley Field !
Can I help you ? Yes , I'm in a bit of a rush . Could I have a piece of apple pie please ?
Yes , I'm in a bit of a rush . Could I have a piece of apple pie please ? Certainly . Would you like it with ice cream ?
I'd like to order breakfast , please . What'd you like , madam ?
What'd you like , madam ? Two muffins and a cup of coffee . Will it take long ?
What do you think about violence in movies ? Personally , I'm not for it . I feel it's bad for kids to watch .
Personally , I'm not for it . I feel it's bad for kids to watch . But kids like watching things like that . It's just for fun , would't you say ?
Good morning . Thank you for the interview . No problem . Now , do you prefer working with others or flying solo ?
No problem . Now , do you prefer working with others or flying solo ? Actually , I enjoy both .
Actually , I enjoy both . So , what is most important to you in a job ? Do you need job security or professional growth and a chance to advance ?
So , what is most important to you in a job ? Do you need job security or professional growth and a chance to advance ? I need job security .
I need job security . Would you be able to relocate ?
Would you be able to relocate ? I am open to relocating .
I am open to relocating . What are your annual salary requirements ?
What are your annual salary requirements ? I need at least 75,000 per year .
Excuse me . can you tell me where Main Street is ? Turn left at the second light and then go straight for two blocks .
Turn left at the second light and then go straight for two blocks . Is it far ?
Is it far ? No . it ' s only five minutes walk . you can ' t miss it .
No . it ' s only five minutes walk . you can ' t miss it . Thanks a lot
Excuse me . Do you know where the Admiral Hotel is ? That's over on Callaway Street , isn't it ?
That's over on Callaway Street , isn't it ? Yes , but I can't find Callaway Street .
Yes , but I can't find Callaway Street . Walk that way for about four blocks . The hotel's about two blocks north of there .
Walk that way for about four blocks . The hotel's about two blocks north of there . Thanks a lot .
You seem to very busy these days . What are you doing ? I am swapped with work after 10 - day holiday .
I am swapped with work after 10 - day holiday . Where did you spend your holiday ?
Where do you plan to go this winter ? Alps , suppose .
Alps , suppose . Oh , yes , you like skiing .
It really makes my blood boil when this sort of thing happens . I even want to wring his neck . Don't be so angry . It's passed anyway .
Don't be so angry . It's passed anyway . I can't forget it .
Good evening , Pizza House . This is Marty speaking . May I take your order ? Um yes . I'd like a medium pizza with pepperoni , olives , and extra cheese .
Um yes . I'd like a medium pizza with pepperoni , olives , and extra cheese . We have a two-for-one special on large pizzas . Would you like a large pizza instead ?
We have a two-for-one special on large pizzas . Would you like a large pizza instead ? Sure , that sounds good .
Sure , that sounds good . Great ! Would you like your second pizza to be the same as the first ?
Great ! Would you like your second pizza to be the same as the first ? No , make the second one with ham , pineapple and green peppers . Oh , and make it thin crust .
No , make the second one with ham , pineapple and green peppers . Oh , and make it thin crust . Okay , thin crust . Your total is $ 21 . 50 and yourorder will arrive in thirty minutes or it ' s free !
Okay , thin crust . Your total is $ 21 . 50 and yourorder will arrive in thirty minutes or it ' s free ! Perfect . Thank you . Bye ..
Wow , Amy , look at that number . What's so great about it ?
What's so great about it ? What do you mean ? It's a scrim .
What do you mean ? It's a scrim . Not to me , I wouldn't be caught dead in that .
Not to me , I wouldn't be caught dead in that . I love that kind of stuff .
I love that kind of stuff . Yeah , you seem to like those styles .
Yeah , you seem to like those styles . Sure do . I get a kick out of looking punk .
Sure do . I get a kick out of looking punk . This one looks really expensive though .
This one looks really expensive though . I don't care how much it costs . I'm rolling in it .
I don't care how much it costs . I'm rolling in it . Lucky you ! I can't buy anything else . I'm flat broke .
Lucky you ! I can't buy anything else . I'm flat broke . I got a replace my party outfit , I trashed it last week .
I got a replace my party outfit , I trashed it last week . Why did you drag me into this ? I've spent a week salary .
Why did you drag me into this ? I've spent a week salary . Are you on the level ? You're the one who called me , remember ?
What kind of place shall we rent ? It should be close to the university . Neither of us are good at getting up in the mornings and closer it is , the later we can get up .
It should be close to the university . Neither of us are good at getting up in the mornings and closer it is , the later we can get up . Absolutely . That's the most important thing to take into consideration . I'm not too worried about the size of the flat .
Absolutely . That's the most important thing to take into consideration . I'm not too worried about the size of the flat . Neither am I . So a small place is ok , but we'll get a bigger one if it's not expensive . Do you mind if it's in a noisy area ?
Neither am I . So a small place is ok , but we'll get a bigger one if it's not expensive . Do you mind if it's in a noisy area ? I don't mind . i'm not a light sleeper , but quieter is better for when we have to study at home .
I don't mind . i'm not a light sleeper , but quieter is better for when we have to study at home . Good point . Ok , let's go to the estate agent and see what they can offer us .
Good point . Ok , let's go to the estate agent and see what they can offer us . Yes , if we're lucky we'll find something in the next few days . I think you had a good idea to start flat hunting early .
Yes , if we're lucky we'll find something in the next few days . I think you had a good idea to start flat hunting early . How much do you think the rent will be ?
How is your new dormitory ? It's very nice . There are only four people , and those girls are very kind and friendly .
It's very nice . There are only four people , and those girls are very kind and friendly . Well , do you all major in the same subject ?
Well , do you all major in the same subject ? No , the other three girls major in a computer science , and they can help me a lot with the computer operating .
My granny is such a kind-hearted person . She is willing to help . She does have a heart of gold .
How long does it take to get to downtown from here ? It is 15 minutes ' drive .
It is 15 minutes ' drive . What companies do we have in our neighborhood ?
What companies do we have in our neighborhood ? Mitsubishi , HP , IBM and many other famous corporations .
Mitsubishi , HP , IBM and many other famous corporations . Does the 7th floor belong to our company too ?
Does the 7th floor belong to our company too ? Yes , our company has two floors , the 6th and 7th floor in this building .
Yes , our company has two floors , the 6th and 7th floor in this building . It ' s such a large firm . Do we have our own staff restaurant ?
Where are you going , Jane ? I'm going to the hospital to see Susan .
I'm going to the hospital to see Susan . I saw her yesterday . She was a little better .
I saw her yesterday . She was a little better . Must I catch a number 7 bus to get there ?
Must I catch a number 7 bus to get there ? No , you needn't . A number 13 bus will also take you to the hospital .
No , you needn't . A number 13 bus will also take you to the hospital . Number 13 buses run much more frequently , don't they ?
Number 13 buses run much more frequently , don't they ? Yes . I caught a number 7 bus yesterday , and they said I had taken a wrong bus .
Yes . I caught a number 7 bus yesterday , and they said I had taken a wrong bus . Thank you , Henry . I'll get a number 13 .
Honey , do you have a second ? Sure ! Are you okay ? You seem a bit worried . What ' s on your mind ?
Sure ! Are you okay ? You seem a bit worried . What ' s on your mind ? We need to talk .
We need to talk . Okay ...
Okay ... I ' Ve been thinking , and well , I think we need to start seeing other people .
I ' Ve been thinking , and well , I think we need to start seeing other people . What ? Why ? I mean , we ' Ve had our ups and downs , and we have the occasional disagreement , but we ' re happy together , aren ' t we ?
What ? Why ? I mean , we ' Ve had our ups and downs , and we have the occasional disagreement , but we ' re happy together , aren ' t we ? That ' s just it , I ' m not happy anymore , Tim . It ' s not you , it ' s me . I know that I can be hard to deal with , and you are a great guy ! You are the type of guy that any woman would kill for !
That ' s just it , I ' m not happy anymore , Tim . It ' s not you , it ' s me . I know that I can be hard to deal with , and you are a great guy ! You are the type of guy that any woman would kill for ! So , what are you saying ? You ' re breaking up with me because I ' m perfect ?
So , what are you saying ? You ' re breaking up with me because I ' m perfect ? Tim , you are too good for me . You deserve someone who can make you smile and make you happy the way that you made me happy . Oh , I could say that I ' ll be all you need , but that would be a lie . I know I ' d only hurt you , I know I ' d only make you cry .
Tim , you are too good for me . You deserve someone who can make you smile and make you happy the way that you made me happy . Oh , I could say that I ' ll be all you need , but that would be a lie . I know I ' d only hurt you , I know I ' d only make you cry . Baby , come on . Don ' t do this to me ! Whatever it is , we can work it out . Just give me another chance ! I know that we can get through this , but we gotta stick together ! Don ' t leave me .
Baby , come on . Don ' t do this to me ! Whatever it is , we can work it out . Just give me another chance ! I know that we can get through this , but we gotta stick together ! Don ' t leave me . I can ' t , Tim . I hope someday you can find some way to understand I ' m only doing this for you . I don ' t really wanna go but , deep in my heart I know this is the kindest thing to do .
I can ' t , Tim . I hope someday you can find some way to understand I ' m only doing this for you . I don ' t really wanna go but , deep in my heart I know this is the kindest thing to do . Laura ...
I want to see the man responsible for selling typewriters . My name is Steven . I'm the Sales Manager of this company .
My name is Steven . I'm the Sales Manager of this company . Well , look here . Ten new typewriters were delivered to my company yesterday afternoon and only five of them work properly .
Well , look here . Ten new typewriters were delivered to my company yesterday afternoon and only five of them work properly . Oh , I'm sorry about that .
Oh , I'm sorry about that . Never mind being sorry , what are you going to do about it ?
Never mind being sorry , what are you going to do about it ? Don't worry , we'll soon fix them .
Don't worry , we'll soon fix them . Good , I hope you'll make sure that it won't happen again .
Good , I hope you'll make sure that it won't happen again . I'll certainly look into that .
You still have not given me those files I ' Ve asked you for . I ' m sorry , Mr . Myers . I ' Ve just been so busy today .
I ' m sorry , Mr . Myers . I ' Ve just been so busy today . I really don ' t want to hear your excuses , Janet . We ' re running a busy office here . You ' re going to have to keep up .
Cindy , how come nearly all the prime-time TV shows are comedies ? That's because Americans love sitcoms .
That's because Americans love sitcoms . Sitcoms ?
Sitcoms ? Situation comedies . A sitcom is half an hour long and it airs weekly . Sitcom shows tend to be about ordinary people . If there is one thing that all the shows have in common , it is teaching wholesome values .
Situation comedies . A sitcom is half an hour long and it airs weekly . Sitcom shows tend to be about ordinary people . If there is one thing that all the shows have in common , it is teaching wholesome values . In Taiwan , prime-time shows are an hour long and most of them aren't comedies .
Hello , Jack . I'm John . I'm glad to see you !
I'm glad to see you ! Sit down , please . Maybe you have read the contract , but I want to give you the details again before you sign the contract . You must have a three-month internship .
Sit down , please . Maybe you have read the contract , but I want to give you the details again before you sign the contract . You must have a three-month internship . Yes , I know .
Yes , I know . When you become a permanent employee , you will have the insurances . You will get monthly pay and will be on eight-hour / day work shift .
When you become a permanent employee , you will have the insurances . You will get monthly pay and will be on eight-hour / day work shift . Wait , will I have five insurances and one fund ?
Wait , will I have five insurances and one fund ? Yes . You can also enjoy legal holidays and year-end bonus .
Yes . You can also enjoy legal holidays and year-end bonus . It sounds great !
It sounds great ! If you need to work overtime , you will get twice the usual salary as overtime pay .
If you need to work overtime , you will get twice the usual salary as overtime pay . OK .
OK . You have read the relevant terms of the contract . Do you have other questions ?
You have read the relevant terms of the contract . Do you have other questions ? How long will the induction training be ?
How long will the induction training be ? About two weeks .
About two weeks . I see .
I see . If you don't have other questions , just sign here .
What do you think I should do , doctor ? Why don't you try Chinese herbal medicine ?
Why don't you try Chinese herbal medicine ? Is it useful for me ?
Is it useful for me ? You have to try at least .
You have to try at least . OK . Thanks a lot .
Mary , it's good to see you ! Josh and I were just on our way back home from the beach and thought we'd drop by .
Josh and I were just on our way back home from the beach and thought we'd drop by . I am so glad that you decided to stop by !
I am so glad that you decided to stop by ! Yes , it has been a long time since we have seen you .
Yes , it has been a long time since we have seen you . Mary , can I get Josh or you something to drink ?
Mary , can I get Josh or you something to drink ? Oh no , thank you . We aren't all that thirsty .
Oh no , thank you . We aren't all that thirsty . How about a little snack then ?
How about a little snack then ? No , thank you , we just ate lunch a little while ago .
No , thank you , we just ate lunch a little while ago . Well then , how is your family ?
What's your favorite book ? It's Gone With the Wind .
It's Gone With the Wind . Why do you like it best ?
Why do you like it best ? I enjoy the various characters and the plot .
I enjoy the various characters and the plot . Well . I like the Thom Birds best .
Well . I like the Thom Birds best . Is it very interesting ?
Is it very interesting ? Sure . I like the writer's language , too .
Sure . I like the writer's language , too . If I have a chance , I'll enjoy the book .
If I have a chance , I'll enjoy the book . Would you like to go to the bookshop with me ?
Have you seen the new James Bond movie ? Oh , yes . You ?
Oh , yes . You ? Yes . What did you think of it ?
Yes . What did you think of it ? I thought it was better than the others-I really liked it . What did you think of it ?
I thought it was better than the others-I really liked it . What did you think of it ? Yes , I liked it , too . It was exciting , but not over the top . Do you know what I mean ?
Yes , I liked it , too . It was exciting , but not over the top . Do you know what I mean ? Mmm . That's what I thought too . I really liked the car chase , and the opening credit sequence was very exciting . And I always enjoy watching Pierce Brosnan .
Mmm . That's what I thought too . I really liked the car chase , and the opening credit sequence was very exciting . And I always enjoy watching Pierce Brosnan . Oh , yes . He's brilliant . Did you like the title song ?
Oh , yes . He's brilliant . Did you like the title song ? Not as much as last time , actually . What's the name of the American actor who was in the supporting role ?
Not as much as last time , actually . What's the name of the American actor who was in the supporting role ? Hum , Edward Norton , or something like that . Did you like him ?
Hum , Edward Norton , or something like that . Did you like him ? Yes . He was excellent . They worked well together , don't you think ?
Yes . He was excellent . They worked well together , don't you think ? I don't know . I think the woman was better . She provided a good love interest . Lucky James Bond !
Good morning , everyone . Let me introduce myself to you ... You don't need to introduce yourself , Yang . You're famous .
You don't need to introduce yourself , Yang . You're famous . Well , thank you very much but I thought l'd try and chair the meeting by the rule -- at least for a while .
Well , thank you very much but I thought l'd try and chair the meeting by the rule -- at least for a while . OK , OK !
OK , OK ! Now , I'd like to get things under way . The main topic on today's agenda is the development of a U . S . sales strategy for the new EBB . I'd like to hear all of your ideas , Mr . Wall , you seem in top form today . Could you start the ball rolling ?
Now , I'd like to get things under way . The main topic on today's agenda is the development of a U . S . sales strategy for the new EBB . I'd like to hear all of your ideas , Mr . Wall , you seem in top form today . Could you start the ball rolling ? Uh , oh , sure . Well , I think we should keep in mind that the key to good sales is advertising .
Uh , oh , sure . Well , I think we should keep in mind that the key to good sales is advertising . Well , that's kind of obvious .
Well , that's kind of obvious . Give me a break , Mr Yang .
What are the most popular sports in your country ? Swimming in summer and skating in winter . What ' s your favorite sport ?
Swimming in summer and skating in winter . What ' s your favorite sport ? Jogging and bowling . Do you know how to practise Bungfu ?
Jogging and bowling . Do you know how to practise Bungfu ? No I don't But l do Taijiquan or Shadow boxing . People everywhere in China usually do Taijiquan early in the morning . It can help people keep fit . It has a history of over three hundred years .
No I don't But l do Taijiquan or Shadow boxing . People everywhere in China usually do Taijiquan early in the morning . It can help people keep fit . It has a history of over three hundred years . Is it easy to learn ?
Is it easy to learn ? Yes . it is I can teach you if you like .
Yes . it is I can teach you if you like . Thank you . I can teach you how to bowl .
how long will it take us to drive to London ? I think it ' s a distance of 180 kilometers from here to London , so it should be a two-hour drive on the motorway .
I think it ' s a distance of 180 kilometers from here to London , so it should be a two-hour drive on the motorway . that ' s unless there is a traffic jam . It could take three hours .
that ' s unless there is a traffic jam . It could take three hours . you ' re right . We will be able to travel at high speeds at the beginning and end of the journey , because we will be in built-up areas .
you ' re right . We will be able to travel at high speeds at the beginning and end of the journey , because we will be in built-up areas . so , shall we allow three hours to cover the distance ?
so , shall we allow three hours to cover the distance ? ok . You haven ' t seen my company car , have you ?
ok . You haven ' t seen my company car , have you ? no . let me take a look ... it ' s longer than my car .
no . let me take a look ... it ' s longer than my car . I think it ' s over five meters long . I can ' t remember exactly . It has a maximum speed of over 200 kilometers an hour .
I think it ' s over five meters long . I can ' t remember exactly . It has a maximum speed of over 200 kilometers an hour . wow ! That ' s fast ! I don ' t think we will be traveling that fast on the motorway .
We have another traditional holiday-the Dragon Boat Festival . When is it ?
When is it ? It falls on the fifth day of the fifth lunar month .
It falls on the fifth day of the fifth lunar month . Could you tell me the origin of the two festivals ?
Could you tell me the origin of the two festivals ? OK . The Dragon Boat Festival is a way to commemorate a great ancient poet named Quyuan . On that day , people will hold a boat race as a symbol of the attempt to save him who threw himself into the river .
OK . The Dragon Boat Festival is a way to commemorate a great ancient poet named Quyuan . On that day , people will hold a boat race as a symbol of the attempt to save him who threw himself into the river . Why do people eat rice cakes on that day ?
Why do people eat rice cakes on that day ? In order to prevent the fish from eating the poet's body .
Excuse me , could you please show me the way to the human resource department ? Yeah , but have you made an appointment ahead ?
Yeah , but have you made an appointment ahead ? Yes , of course . I am Monica . I have made an appointment with your HR manager .
Yes , of course . I am Monica . I have made an appointment with your HR manager . Just a minute please . I ' ll make a call to the HR office . Yes , they confirm your appointment . Please come in . it is on the 3rd floor , room 3106 . You can take the right elevator as the left on is in maintenance today .
Just a minute please . I ' ll make a call to the HR office . Yes , they confirm your appointment . Please come in . it is on the 3rd floor , room 3106 . You can take the right elevator as the left on is in maintenance today . Thank you very much .
What's that book you have under your arm ? It's the best seller everyone's been talking about for the last six months .
It's the best seller everyone's been talking about for the last six months . How in the world did you get a copy ? I've put a hold on it at the public library for weeks and I'm still waiting my turn .
How in the world did you get a copy ? I've put a hold on it at the public library for weeks and I'm still waiting my turn . I checked it out of the rental library . It only costs five cents a day .
I checked it out of the rental library . It only costs five cents a day . Is it really worth paying for ?
Is it really worth paying for ? I can't tell yet . I haven't got beyond the first chapter .
Good evening , ma'am . Table for one ? Yes , please .
Yes , please . Will this table be all right ?
Will this table be all right ? Actually , I'd like a booth by the window if that's possible .
Actually , I'd like a booth by the window if that's possible . Certainly . How about this one ?
Certainly . How about this one ? This will be fine , thanks .
This will be fine , thanks . ( Handing her a menu ) Your waiter will be here in a minute to take your order .
Hey , you look great ! how's everything ? Yeah , you know what ? I've been going to the club regularly . The training really pays off . Now I am in a good shape and I know more about how to keep fit .
Yeah , you know what ? I've been going to the club regularly . The training really pays off . Now I am in a good shape and I know more about how to keep fit . Really ? tell me about it . I haven't gone to the club for a long time . I am too busy with work .
Really ? tell me about it . I haven't gone to the club for a long time . I am too busy with work . It's important to do proper exercises .
It's important to do proper exercises . You're right . Too much or too little won't do any good .
You're right . Too much or too little won't do any good . The trainer tells me , besides regular sports activities , I should also have a healthy and balanced diet .
The trainer tells me , besides regular sports activities , I should also have a healthy and balanced diet . Sounds reasonable .
Sounds reasonable . We should eat more vegetables instead of junk food to stay energetic .
We should eat more vegetables instead of junk food to stay energetic . And fruits !
And fruits ! Surely it is . Getting enough sleep is also crucial for fitness .
Surely it is . Getting enough sleep is also crucial for fitness . I've heard that . Does your trainer tell you anything about keeping fit ?
I've heard that . Does your trainer tell you anything about keeping fit ? Yeah , he advises me to stay in a good mood . That can also help one to keep sound physical health .
Yeah , he advises me to stay in a good mood . That can also help one to keep sound physical health . I think if you follow your trainer's advice , you'll be on the right track .
Gosh , it's 7:30 , I'll miss the first class . Don't get up so late next time . You should have gone to bed earlier last night .
Can you direct me to Holiday inn ? Cross the street and walk two blocks west . You can't miss it .
Excuse me , I have something to trouble you . Yes ? I'll be very glad if I could be of any help to you .
Yes ? I'll be very glad if I could be of any help to you . An hour ago , I bought this vase with my tourist .
An hour ago , I bought this vase with my tourist . Oh , yes . I remember it clearly . Is there anything wrong with it ?
Oh , yes . I remember it clearly . Is there anything wrong with it ? I'm afraid so . We found this crack on the bottom when I went back to my hotel .
I'm afraid so . We found this crack on the bottom when I went back to my hotel . Oh , how awful ! Let me have a look , I'm terribly sorry . It was most thoughtless of me . Would you excuse me , please ?
Oh , how awful ! Let me have a look , I'm terribly sorry . It was most thoughtless of me . Would you excuse me , please ? Oh , It's quite all right , I suppose . It can't be helped sometimes .
Oh , It's quite all right , I suppose . It can't be helped sometimes . It's very kind of you to say so . How about changing another one for you ?
It's very kind of you to say so . How about changing another one for you ? All right . Thank you .
All right . Thank you . Just a minute , please . I won't be long . I'm sure this one is perfect . You may examine it carefully .
Just a minute , please . I won't be long . I'm sure this one is perfect . You may examine it carefully . Oh , yes , it is . I'll take this one .
Oh , yes , it is . I'll take this one . I'm very sorry for any inconvenience I've caused you .
Hi Jim . Do you have a minute ? Sure , what ' s up ?
Sure , what ' s up ? Some of us are going to start a soccer team . Would you like to join us ?
Some of us are going to start a soccer team . Would you like to join us ? I don ' t know anything about it . Soccer isn ' t as popular in my country as it is here .
I don ' t know anything about it . Soccer isn ' t as popular in my country as it is here . That ' s all right . We ' ll teach you .
That ' s all right . We ' ll teach you . Is it anything like American football ?
Is it anything like American football ? Not very much . It ' s something like hockey , except that you use a big ball and no stick .
Not very much . It ' s something like hockey , except that you use a big ball and no stick . I ' ll come down and watch you play some day , and see what it ' s like .
How do you celebrate national day in your country ? There are parades in many cities and people fly the national flags from almost every public building .
There are parades in many cities and people fly the national flags from almost every public building . What kinds of parades are there ?
What kinds of parades are there ? The parades are usually military ones , but sometimes there are procession of people carrying flags and singing patriotic songs . What do you do on national day in your country ?
The parades are usually military ones , but sometimes there are procession of people carrying flags and singing patriotic songs . What do you do on national day in your country ? We don ' t have a national day .
We don ' t have a national day . Really ? That ' s unusual .
Really ? That ' s unusual . I guess it is . Most countries have on , but we don ' t .
Hello . Hi . It ' s Tony calling from the dentist ' s office . Is Lily there ?
Hi . It ' s Tony calling from the dentist ' s office . Is Lily there ? No , Lily is not here at the moment .
No , Lily is not here at the moment . Could you ask her to call me back when she gets in ?
Could you ask her to call me back when she gets in ? Sure . What ' s your number , please .
Sure . What ' s your number , please . 519 367 8901 .
519 367 8901 . Thanks . And your name is Tony , right ?
Thanks . And your name is Tony , right ? Yes . I ' m Tony . Thank you very much .
Yes . I ' m Tony . Thank you very much . You ' re welcome . Bye .
Have you declared your income and are you prepared to pay tax ? Not yet . I don't know how to fill out the form . What is the tax-free allowance for supporting a dependent ?
Not yet . I don't know how to fill out the form . What is the tax-free allowance for supporting a dependent ? I don't really know . Why not ask the accountant or the lawyer of the law firm ? They will tell you which is subject or not subject to taxation . He can even help you avoid paying tax legally .
I don't really know . Why not ask the accountant or the lawyer of the law firm ? They will tell you which is subject or not subject to taxation . He can even help you avoid paying tax legally . If I don't pay my taxes , would the tax officials discover it ?
Hello ? Hey Tina . What are you doing ?
Hey Tina . What are you doing ? I was just watching TV . What's going on with you ?
I was just watching TV . What's going on with you ? I just watched a movie and I'm scared .
I just watched a movie and I'm scared . What did you watch ?
What did you watch ? I saw the Sixth Sense . I didn't know it was going to be so scary .
I saw the Sixth Sense . I didn't know it was going to be so scary . I remember that . It was a great movie . But it was definitely scary .
I remember that . It was a great movie . But it was definitely scary . If you're not busy , do you want to come over ? I'm afraid to be alone .
If you're not busy , do you want to come over ? I'm afraid to be alone . Sure . I can come over . What should we do ?
Sure . I can come over . What should we do ? How about if we watch a comedy . I need something to get my mind off the frightening images I have from the Sixth Sense .
How about if we watch a comedy . I need something to get my mind off the frightening images I have from the Sixth Sense . Ok . I'll get ready and leave . I'll see you in about 20 minutes .
Ok . I'll get ready and leave . I'll see you in about 20 minutes . Hurry , ok . It's dark out .
Hurry , ok . It's dark out . Don't worry , nothings going to happen . I'll be there real soon .
I need something to wash this down . Is there any juice in the fridge ? What is that ? It looks like something from a swamp !
What is that ? It looks like something from a swamp ! It's a green drink . It's supposed to be full of vitamins and minerals .
It's a green drink . It's supposed to be full of vitamins and minerals . You know , healthy eating doesn't have to make you gag .
You know , healthy eating doesn't have to make you gag . The sales lady said that even if I eat right , I wouldn't get enough vitamins .
The sales lady said that even if I eat right , I wouldn't get enough vitamins . Have you ever tried it ? Or are you just going to believe the sales lady ?
Have you ever tried it ? Or are you just going to believe the sales lady ? It's easier to drink this once a day than eat fruit and vegetables all day .
It's your turn now , Helen . OK . I'm coming .
OK . I'm coming . This is your song . I picked it for you .
This is your song . I picked it for you . Thank you . You are so considerate .
Thank you . You are so considerate . Push the red button on the mike to turn it on .
Push the red button on the mike to turn it on . OK . This key is too high for me .
OK . This key is too high for me . I think it's a piece of cake for you .
I think it's a piece of cake for you . OK . Let me have a try ...
OK . Let me have a try ... Well done ! I hope I can sing as well as you one day .
Well done ! I hope I can sing as well as you one day . Thank you . I'm sure you will .
Hello sir , how may I help you ? I would like to buy some flowers , please . Something really nice .
I would like to buy some flowers , please . Something really nice . I see , may I ask what the occasion is ?
I see , may I ask what the occasion is ? It ' s not really an occasion , it ' s more like I ' m sorry .
It ' s not really an occasion , it ' s more like I ' m sorry . Very well . This arrangement here is very popular among regretful husbands and boyfriends . It has a dozen long stem red roses with a couple of sunflowers and a single orchid that stands out . It includes a small teddy bear to achieve the effect of immediate forgiveness .
Very well . This arrangement here is very popular among regretful husbands and boyfriends . It has a dozen long stem red roses with a couple of sunflowers and a single orchid that stands out . It includes a small teddy bear to achieve the effect of immediate forgiveness . I think I ' m gonna need more than just a dozen red roses and a bear . What else do you recommend ?
I think I ' m gonna need more than just a dozen red roses and a bear . What else do you recommend ? Mmm , well this is our I ' m sorry I cheated on you package . Two dozen red roses lined with tulips , carnations and lilies . The fragrance and beauty of this flower arrangement is sure to make her forgive you .
Mmm , well this is our I ' m sorry I cheated on you package . Two dozen red roses lined with tulips , carnations and lilies . The fragrance and beauty of this flower arrangement is sure to make her forgive you . I don ' t think that ' s gonna cut it . I need something bigger and better !
I don ' t think that ' s gonna cut it . I need something bigger and better ! I ' m sorry sir but , what exactly did you do ?
I ' m sorry sir but , what exactly did you do ? Well , I may have accidentally insinuated that she is getting chubbier .
Mum , can I finish my homework later ? Sorry . You know the rules .
Sorry . You know the rules . But I want to watch TV now .
But I want to watch TV now . That ' s out of the question .
That ' s out of the question . Please .
Please . Not a chance .
Not a chance . Not even for an hour ?
Excuse me sir . May I come in ? Mike , you're late again .
Mike , you're late again . I'm sorry , but my sister was ill , so I
I'm sorry , but my sister was ill , so I Do you think I believe the story like that ?
Do you think I believe the story like that ? But it's true .
But it's true . How can believe it if the same excuse was used twice within a week ?
How can believe it if the same excuse was used twice within a week ? That's coincident .
That's coincident . Ok , hold it . Remember to be punctual next time .
Ok , hold it . Remember to be punctual next time . I promise I will .
Where do you want to go ? I'm going to the hospital .
I'm going to the hospital . Get in . I'll take you .
Get in . I'll take you . About how much will it cost ?
About how much will it cost ? It will cost you $ 10 .
It will cost you $ 10 . By the way , what's the time ?
By the way , what's the time ? You can see the time on the meter . I have radio time , you know .
You can see the time on the meter . I have radio time , you know . It's a quarter to 12 . Could you please drive a little faster ?
I've come to hear about your offer . We have the offer ready for you . Let me check . 10 boxes with 50 brooches per box , at 20,000 yuan ; 20 boxes with 50 waistbands per box , at 30,000 yuan ; 15 boxes with other ornaments per box , at 7 , 500 yuan , for shipment in June . The offer is valid for five days .
We have the offer ready for you . Let me check . 10 boxes with 50 brooches per box , at 20,000 yuan ; 20 boxes with 50 waistbands per box , at 30,000 yuan ; 15 boxes with other ornaments per box , at 7 , 500 yuan , for shipment in June . The offer is valid for five days . I can tell you right now that your prices are a little higher than we expected .
I can tell you right now that your prices are a little higher than we expected . You know that the prices of the ornaments have been rising in recent years . The prices we offer this time compare favorably with quotations you can get else where .
You know that the prices of the ornaments have been rising in recent years . The prices we offer this time compare favorably with quotations you can get else where . I am afraid I can't agree with you there . I must point out your prices are higher than the quotations we've received from other companies .
I am afraid I can't agree with you there . I must point out your prices are higher than the quotations we've received from other companies . But you must take the design and quality into consideration . You know we are superior to others in design and quality . We have various styles , which the other companies cannot catch up with .
But you must take the design and quality into consideration . You know we are superior to others in design and quality . We have various styles , which the other companies cannot catch up with . I agree that yours are of the top .
I agree that yours are of the top . Well , since your order is large enough , can you give me a rough idea ?
Well , since your order is large enough , can you give me a rough idea ? To have this business concluded , I should say a reduction of least 10 % would help .
To have this business concluded , I should say a reduction of least 10 % would help . Impossible . How about 5 % off ?
I have a terrible toothache . Which tooth is it ?
Which tooth is it ? This one here .
This one here . Ar , Yes . There ' s a big cavity .
Ar , Yes . There ' s a big cavity . Can you fill it ?
Can you fill it ? I ' m afraid not . The tooth is too far gone . it'll have to be taken out .
I ' m afraid not . The tooth is too far gone . it'll have to be taken out . Then I might as well have it done now .
The boss announces the pay raise today , right ? How much do you think we'll get ? No idea . Your guess is as good as mine .
No idea . Your guess is as good as mine . It better be more than last year .
We're thinking about going to America . Have you thought about the cost ?
Have you thought about the cost ? There is that .
we really were lucky . We got the last available table for two---and we didn't even have a reservation ! Did you see the long lines behind us ? yeah , I'm glad that we didn't have to wait long . I'm starving !
yeah , I'm glad that we didn't have to wait long . I'm starving ! let's take a look at the menu so we can order . Do you want to choose an appetizer for us to share ?
let's take a look at the menu so we can order . Do you want to choose an appetizer for us to share ? what would you rather have , samosas or poppadoms ?
what would you rather have , samosas or poppadoms ? I heard that one of their specialities is the samosa .
I heard that one of their specialities is the samosa . well , let's get a plate of those then .
well , let's get a plate of those then . sounds good . What are you going to have for your main course ?
sounds good . What are you going to have for your main course ? I think I might have a dahl .
I think I might have a dahl . what's in a dahl ?
what's in a dahl ? it's got chickpeas and vegetables in a spicy curry sauce with rice .
it's got chickpeas and vegetables in a spicy curry sauce with rice . that sounds nice . Do you want to share some kebabs as well ?
that sounds nice . Do you want to share some kebabs as well ? ok . How about some lamb kebabs ?
ok . How about some lamb kebabs ? that's my favourite . Do you want to have some wine or beer ?
that's my favourite . Do you want to have some wine or beer ? I think I'll have a beer .
I think I'll have a beer . ok , shall I flag down the waitress ?
ok , shall I flag down the waitress ? I wouldn't recommend it . I think we should wait until she comes round .
I wouldn't recommend it . I think we should wait until she comes round . you're right . That might seem a bit rude . It's a good thing I've got you with me !
May I help you ? Yes . Do you exchange foreign money here ?
Yes . Do you exchange foreign money here ? Yes . Our bank is authorized to deal with foreign exchange .
Yes . Our bank is authorized to deal with foreign exchange . What kinds of currency do you change ?
What kinds of currency do you change ? We can change only three kinds of currency , USD , Japanese Yen and HK Dollar in our savings office .
We can change only three kinds of currency , USD , Japanese Yen and HK Dollar in our savings office . Could you tell me what the exchange rate for USD is today ?
Could you tell me what the exchange rate for USD is today ? The buying rate is 826 . 44 yuan for 100 dollars .
The buying rate is 826 . 44 yuan for 100 dollars . I want to change some Us dollars to cover my expense here .
I want to change some Us dollars to cover my expense here . Please go to Counter No . 2 , the foreign exchange counter . It's over there .
Like a cat on hot bricks , as you might say . I don ' t believe you are listening at all . Sorry , I just worried about him . You know , he should be here an hour ago .
Sorry , I just worried about him . You know , he should be here an hour ago . Don ' t worry him , he has been grown up and I think he can take himself very well .
Don ' t worry him , he has been grown up and I think he can take himself very well . But he still does not come back .
Happy birthday , Jim ! Thank you , Lisa .
Thank you , Lisa . Here is a present for you . I hope you like it .
Here is a present for you . I hope you like it . Oh , great ! I love it ! You know I've been expecting this for a long time .
Oh , great ! I love it ! You know I've been expecting this for a long time . I'm very glad to hear that .
Oh , it's getting late . I've got to run . It was nice talking to you , karren . Thanks , Tim . Nice meeting you , too .
Thanks , Tim . Nice meeting you , too . I guess we'll see just around .
I guess we'll see just around . Ye , I hope so . well . Take it easy .
Where to , ma'am ? The Grand Hotel .
The Grand Hotel . The Grand Hotel ?
The Grand Hotel ? Yes . Do you know where it is ?
Yes . Do you know where it is ? No , Madam . I don't think I do .
No , Madam . I don't think I do . It's the 11th Avenue , Park Street .
I'd like to withdraw some money from my account . Can I see your passbook and the withdrawal slip , please ?
Can I see your passbook and the withdrawal slip , please ? Sure .
Sure . Let me just make sure . You want to withdraw one thousand dollars ?
I wish the politicians would quit digging up dirt about each other's past . I know . It really makes a mess of the whole election process .
I know . It really makes a mess of the whole election process . And it takes up all the news .
And it takes up all the news . The problem is that there always a large number of people who eat that kind of stuff up .
The problem is that there always a large number of people who eat that kind of stuff up . It's so small . The fact that there is public interest , doesn't say much for us as the public .
It's so small . The fact that there is public interest , doesn't say much for us as the public . Have you ever listened to AM radio ? It's quite a different experience than the traditional news stations on TV and FM radio .
Have you ever listened to AM radio ? It's quite a different experience than the traditional news stations on TV and FM radio . I don't remember the last time I listened to AM radio .
Come to think of it , you should get out your English books and catch up on your reading assignments . But I don't have any reading assignments .
But I don't have any reading assignments . Then review for your test . You'll do even better . And maybe reading will help you get to sleep .
Then review for your test . You'll do even better . And maybe reading will help you get to sleep . Aw , Mom-you're such a drag .
What shall I call him ? Oh , you may call him Uncle , or Henry .
Oh , you may call him Uncle , or Henry . What's he doing ?
What seems to the trouble Mr Brown ? I ' m in pretty bad shape , Doctor Ford .
I ' m in pretty bad shape , Doctor Ford . Oh , In what way .
Oh , In what way . No appetite , always unaged and I can ' t sleep well .
No appetite , always unaged and I can ' t sleep well . Did you lose any weight ?
Did you lose any weight ? YES . I ' Ve lost quite a few pounds since last month .
YES . I ' Ve lost quite a few pounds since last month . when was the last time you have track up ?
when was the last time you have track up ? About two month ago .
About two month ago . Let me take your blood pressure . You look anilic . Well , Mr . Brown . I ' m happy to say it ' s nothing serious . You just a little run down from overwork .
Let me take your blood pressure . You look anilic . Well , Mr . Brown . I ' m happy to say it ' s nothing serious . You just a little run down from overwork . What am I suppose to do ?
What am I suppose to do ? I think you ' ll needs just vacation . Try to get out doors more . I ' ll be sure if you get more rest .
The restaurant across the street hired a new Chinese chef , so I ordered some Chinese food there for this evening . Good . I love Chinese food . What did you order ?
Good . I love Chinese food . What did you order ? Something hot and spicy . They look very inviting on the menu . You are going to love them .
Something hot and spicy . They look very inviting on the menu . You are going to love them . Maybe we can find a place to learn some Chinese cooking . I hear there's a place in Chinatown where you can take some courses . Are you interested ?
Maybe we can find a place to learn some Chinese cooking . I hear there's a place in Chinatown where you can take some courses . Are you interested ? I'm not sure . I don't enjoy cooking that much . As long as we can order it from a restaurant , we don't have to learn to do it by ourselves .
I'm a little rushed . Is there any quicker way to get there ? Yeah , of course . You can take a taxi .
Yeah , of course . You can take a taxi . How much will that run me ?
How much will that run me ? It depends on traffic and distance , but it is reasonable .
It depends on traffic and distance , but it is reasonable . Do the drivers speak English ?
Do the drivers speak English ? Some are better than others . But , you shouldn't have a problem .
Some are better than others . But , you shouldn't have a problem . Are they safe ?
How can we develop a new brand image with no direction whatsoever ? With the fifty forwards he sent out today , maybe we'll inadvertently get inspired .
With the fifty forwards he sent out today , maybe we'll inadvertently get inspired . I guess this is a good excuse to surf the Net on someone else's dime .
I guess this is a good excuse to surf the Net on someone else's dime . Who'd have thought Bean would be this kind of e-mail fanatic ?
Nice to see you , Patrick . Bob ! I hear your team won the match .
Bob ! I hear your team won the match . Yeah . All of us tried our best .
Look at this newspaper article about this famous local medium . It says that she is really gifted and so popular now , that she is booked solid with appointments for the next twelve months ! You don't really believe in all that hocus pocus mumbo jumbo , do you ?
You don't really believe in all that hocus pocus mumbo jumbo , do you ? Well , I have had many friends that went to a psychic and got their palms read and most of the things the psychic told her came true !
Well , I have had many friends that went to a psychic and got their palms read and most of the things the psychic told her came true ! Of course it does ! They tell you general and obvious things like that you will be successful or have a big house . I think most of the times they are just scam artists .
Of course it does ! They tell you general and obvious things like that you will be successful or have a big house . I think most of the times they are just scam artists . Well , historically it is a practice that many cultures share . Reading the tarot cards , in the east they would even read tea leaves ! I even heard that there are people that make you smoke a cigar , and then read your ashes .
Are you ready to go shopping ? Not yet . I'm not finished with my research yet .
Not yet . I'm not finished with my research yet . What research ?
What research ? Reading my fashion magazines ! How do you think I know so much about all the latest trends ?
Reading my fashion magazines ! How do you think I know so much about all the latest trends ? But they're just ads .
Have you enjoyed your weekend ? Yes , it's been marvelous . It really was very kind of you to invite me . I hope it hasn't been too much trouble .
Could you please wait for a minute ? I'll buy the tickets All right .
All right . Here is your ticket .
Here is your ticket . Thank you .
Thank you . The park will close soon . We Should better go in right now .
The park will close soon . We Should better go in right now . Really ?
Really ? Yes , let's go in .
Yes , let's go in . It is a new park , isn't it ?
It is a new park , isn't it ? Yes , how do you know ?
Yes , how do you know ? I guessed it .
I guessed it . Well , generally speaking , the park is a window on the world history , a window on the world civilization and a window on the world's tourist attractions as well .
Hi there , I want to reserve a hotel room . No problem at all . Could I have your full name , please ?
No problem at all . Could I have your full name , please ? Sure , John Sandals .
Sure , John Sandals . Hi , Mr . Sandals . I'm Michelle , at your service . When do you need the room ?
Hi , Mr . Sandals . I'm Michelle , at your service . When do you need the room ? My plans are to be there April 14th to the 17th .
My plans are to be there April 14th to the 17th . We have new room rates , sir . Will that be acceptable to you ?
We have new room rates , sir . Will that be acceptable to you ? Well , it depends on the price , of course . What is it ?
Well , it depends on the price , of course . What is it ? It's $ 308 a night .
It's $ 308 a night . I have no problem with that .
I have no problem with that . Great ! Would you prefer smoking or nonsmoking ?
Great ! Would you prefer smoking or nonsmoking ? Definitely nonsmoking . I can't handle that smell .
Definitely nonsmoking . I can't handle that smell . Nonsmoking . Now , is a queen-size bed okay ?
Nonsmoking . Now , is a queen-size bed okay ? No problem .
No problem . Great , Mr . Sandals . Your reservation is confirmed . Now all I need is your phone number .
Great , Mr . Sandals . Your reservation is confirmed . Now all I need is your phone number . Of course ! It's area code 626-555-1739 .
Did you watch the final last night ? My favorite singer won ! Oh , I love him too . He not only sings well but also shows perseverance when he encounters difficulties in the contest .
Oh , I love him too . He not only sings well but also shows perseverance when he encounters difficulties in the contest . Yeah , he got booted after his initial performance in the audition , but he did not give up . He then tried at another two auditions .
Yeah , he got booted after his initial performance in the audition , but he did not give up . He then tried at another two auditions . He had barely survived the third audition and finally got a chance to advance in the contest . Fortunately , in the third audition , he has won popularity among the audience . And that's when I started to notice him .
He had barely survived the third audition and finally got a chance to advance in the contest . Fortunately , in the third audition , he has won popularity among the audience . And that's when I started to notice him . Me too .
Me too . Before he made the top three , I was so nervous . I just fear that he might be knocked out .
Before he made the top three , I was so nervous . I just fear that he might be knocked out . Yeah , there're so many excellent candidates out there . Who knows which one will make it to the final ?
Yeah , there're so many excellent candidates out there . Who knows which one will make it to the final ? Absolutely . That's why when he entered the final , I was so excited .
Absolutely . That's why when he entered the final , I was so excited . He really did a great job in the finale , especially in the PK round . He performed so well that the majority of the audience cast their votes for him .
Would you like to take a look at the menu , sir ? Yes . Thank you .
Yes . Thank you . Would you care for a drink before you order ?
Would you care for a drink before you order ? A glass of Qingdao beer .
A glass of Qingdao beer . Yes , sir . I'll bring it over . Have you decided what you'd like , sir ?
Good morning . Are you Mr . Liu ? My name is Liu Lichi . How do you do ?
My name is Liu Lichi . How do you do ? How do you do ? Please be seated , How is your trip here ?
How do you do ? Please be seated , How is your trip here ? Quite good , I think . I came here by bus , and it took me about 15 minutes .
Quite good , I think . I came here by bus , and it took me about 15 minutes . Oh , yes . How old are you ?
Oh , yes . How old are you ? Twenty .
Twenty . Hum , still a student ?
Hum , still a student ? Yes , I'm student of grade 3 in the university majoring in economics .
Yes , I'm student of grade 3 in the university majoring in economics . What subjects are you studying ?
What subjects are you studying ? English , math , commercial and legal studies , and accountancy .
English , math , commercial and legal studies , and accountancy . Have you had any working experience .
Have you had any working experience . Well , I worked at a supermarket during last summer holidays .
Well , I worked at a supermarket during last summer holidays . What do you like to do in your spare time ?
What do you like to do in your spare time ? I like sports very much . Besides that , I also like working on a computer in my spare time .
I like sports very much . Besides that , I also like working on a computer in my spare time . How are your English and computer skills ?
How are your English and computer skills ? I have passed the CET - 4 and 6 . As far as computer is concerned I can use the computer for word processing .
This looks like a very nice house . You know , I fell in love with this house the first moment I laid eyes on it .
You know , I fell in love with this house the first moment I laid eyes on it . The style of the exterior is just what I ' Ve been looking for !
The style of the exterior is just what I ' Ve been looking for ! The exterior is only half of the story . The interior is incredible .
The exterior is only half of the story . The interior is incredible . This home is gorgeous on the inside !
This home is gorgeous on the inside ! Everything that you see on the walls , floors , and windows is brand new .
Everything that you see on the walls , floors , and windows is brand new . The wall colors totally suit the style of this house .
The wall colors totally suit the style of this house . Straight ahead is the gourmet kitchen .
Straight ahead is the gourmet kitchen . I love the bamboo flooring and granite countertops .
I love the bamboo flooring and granite countertops . The master suite is the best . Let ' s go look at that next .
The master suite is the best . Let ' s go look at that next . There is plenty of room for our king-sized bed , and I love the light in this room .
Leo ! I wanted to tell you thanks for all your hard work on the budget . We ' re having a get-together after work tonight at Carl ' s Karaoke Club to celebrate having finished it . We ' d love to see What fun ! Normally I ' d love to , but I ' m afraid I have to work late tonight . We ' Ve got to get the contract ready for Miss King .
What fun ! Normally I ' d love to , but I ' m afraid I have to work late tonight . We ' Ve got to get the contract ready for Miss King . Oh , right . You ' re busy with that contract . Maybe you could join us later ?
Oh , right . You ' re busy with that contract . Maybe you could join us later ? Unfortunately , I just can ' t make it this time . I have to go straight home . It ' s my second wedding anniversary , and we ' re supposed to be having a big dinner Susan would kill me if I missed it .
Unfortunately , I just can ' t make it this time . I have to go straight home . It ' s my second wedding anniversary , and we ' re supposed to be having a big dinner Susan would kill me if I missed it . Happy anniversary ! Sorry you won ' t be there . Maybe some other time ?
What is your nationality ? I am Chinese by birth .
I am Chinese by birth . Where is your domicile place ?
Tom , is Jenny crying ? Can you take he away from me ?
Can you take he away from me ? I ' m just coming for that .
I ' m just coming for that . She kept bothering me .
She kept bothering me . She ' s your sister . What she asked was only duck soup for you . Why can ' t you be good to her ?
Welcome to the company . We are conducting a survey of new employees to find out what influenced them to choose our company . That's easy . It was your office ergonomics that decided me .
That's easy . It was your office ergonomics that decided me . You're kidding ! Something as simple as that ?
You're kidding ! Something as simple as that ? Yes . It is very important to me . My mother worked in offices for twenty years , and she finally had carpal tunnel syndrome . I have been reading about repetitive stress injuries , and I know that t
Yes . It is very important to me . My mother worked in offices for twenty years , and she finally had carpal tunnel syndrome . I have been reading about repetitive stress injuries , and I know that t Yes , there has been a lot of research into RSI's . Something so simple as proper chair height can prevent injuries . Tell me , did anything else influence your decision ?
Yes , there has been a lot of research into RSI's . Something so simple as proper chair height can prevent injuries . Tell me , did anything else influence your decision ? Yes , I noticed that you have professional training and team-building days . I like the idea of working for a company that invests in its staff .
What did he say ? He said he would tell us the secret of becoming a successful man .
He said he would tell us the secret of becoming a successful man . It ' s too good to be true ! If I were there , I would ask him if he himself was a successful man .
Whew ! I had to wait for almost an hour to get to the front of the line . You have much patience .
You have much patience . Wow ! Your calligraphy is very beautiful . It was worth the wait !
Wow ! Your calligraphy is very beautiful . It was worth the wait ! Thank you . Today I'm writing a kind of poem called a Chinese couplet .
Thank you . Today I'm writing a kind of poem called a Chinese couplet . What does it say ?
What does it say ? This is an especially famous one . It says " May the passing days bring you health and longevity . May this season of renewal find you basked in riches . "
This is an especially famous one . It says " May the passing days bring you health and longevity . May this season of renewal find you basked in riches . " That's very nice . Is it for sale ?
That's very nice . Is it for sale ? No . I never sell my artwork .
No . I never sell my artwork . Really ? Then what do you do with it ?
Really ? Then what do you do with it ? I give it away . Here , this one is for you .
I give it away . Here , this one is for you . Wow ! Really ? Are you sure ? Now I'll have a lucky year !
How many pieces of luggage would you like to check in , sir ? Three bags and a suitcase . This is my luggage to check .
Three bags and a suitcase . This is my luggage to check . Do you have any carry-on luggage ?
Do you have any carry-on luggage ? No .
No . Put your luggage on the scale , please . Oh , your luggage is overweight .
Put your luggage on the scale , please . Oh , your luggage is overweight . How much is the excess baggage part charge ?
How much is the excess baggage part charge ? Twenty-two dollars
Twenty-two dollars Here you are .
Here you are . This is your voucher , and you can get your luggage back on this . Have a good trip !
Is that pesky lady coming to the office again ? Yeah , I'm afraid so .
Yeah , I'm afraid so . If there's one thing that bugs me , it's her critical attitude .
So , Monica , how do you like your new office ? Well , I love it . The room is spacious and clean with big windows and a lot of sunshine . There are plants along the corridor . Especially , I got my own desk with computer and telephone . Such a great place !
Well , I love it . The room is spacious and clean with big windows and a lot of sunshine . There are plants along the corridor . Especially , I got my own desk with computer and telephone . Such a great place ! That ' s very good . I once turn down a job offer just because the office is awful .
That ' s very good . I once turn down a job offer just because the office is awful . What was so bad about it ?
What was so bad about it ? Small rooms , small window , a small desk shared by three people . I would have been interrupted all the time and for sure not be able to deliver good work .
Small rooms , small window , a small desk shared by three people . I would have been interrupted all the time and for sure not be able to deliver good work . Sounds bad ! Lucky you ! You didn ' t take that job . I think a good office environment is also important to work efficiently .
Room service , is there anything I can do for you ? Yes , I am afraid there are not enough outlets .
Yes , I am afraid there are not enough outlets . Well , we have 6 for each room .
Well , we have 6 for each room . Yes , but 4 of them are broken . Can you send someone here ?
I wonder what he looks like . Oh , I can't wait to see him ! His email said he'd be wearing a white hat . oh , there he is . hey , Isabelle ...
hey , Isabelle ... Logan ! Why on earth are you hiding here ? White hat ! Come on ! Don't tell me you're the guy ! It can't be true .
Logan ! Why on earth are you hiding here ? White hat ! Come on ! Don't tell me you're the guy ! It can't be true . yes , I am the guy ...
yes , I am the guy ... what a bummer ! You set me up ?
Hello , Miao Li , Where are you going ? Hello , I am going to the store to buy some fruit .
Hello , I am going to the store to buy some fruit . Oh , Would you do me a favor ?
Oh , Would you do me a favor ? Yes ?
Yes ? Please mail this letter for me on your way to the store .
Please mail this letter for me on your way to the store . Sure . Do you want it to be registered ?
Sure . Do you want it to be registered ? Yes , I think so . There are some pictures in it . It would be a great pity if they were lost .
Yes , I think so . There are some pictures in it . It would be a great pity if they were lost . Yes , I will be glad to mail your letter .
Yes , I will be glad to mail your letter . Thanks .
Have you any round-neck sweater ? Yes . Actually our range of sweaters is the most comprehensive available .
Yes . Actually our range of sweaters is the most comprehensive available . Can I try this one on ?
Can I try this one on ? Sure , go ahead .
I'm sorry I'm so late . I had a really bad day . It's ten after six . We ' re late . But dinner is at six thirty .
It's ten after six . We ' re late . But dinner is at six thirty . I know . I know . I'm really sorry . I lost my bag .
I know . I know . I'm really sorry . I lost my bag . I'll call the lost and found office .
Wow ! Your fruit looks really fresh ! How much are these apples ? The apples are 30NT each . How many would you like ?
The apples are 30NT each . How many would you like ? Let's see , 30NT is about ... almost a dollar US . What ? ! How about these pineapples ?
Let's see , 30NT is about ... almost a dollar US . What ? ! How about these pineapples ? They're 250NT each , but they're not edible . They're only used for worship .
They're 250NT each , but they're not edible . They're only used for worship . Hmm , 250NT is ... 8 dollars ? ! ! And you can't even eat them ? You're crazy !
Hmm , 250NT is ... 8 dollars ? ! ! And you can't even eat them ? You're crazy ! Wait ! Don't go just yet . These bananas are pretty cheap--only 35NT for this bunch .
Wait ! Don't go just yet . These bananas are pretty cheap--only 35NT for this bunch . Now that's more like it ! Bananas have lots of potassium , too !
Now that's more like it ! Bananas have lots of potassium , too ! They're also good for your digestion ! Would you like some kiwis , too ?
They're also good for your digestion ! Would you like some kiwis , too ? Are they from Taiwan ?
Are they from Taiwan ? They're imported from New Zealand . Four for 50NT . Nine for a hundred .
Jeff , look at this listing ! It says there is a cozy studio apartment for rent , and it's only $ 700 per month . What do you think ? Well I think I can afford that apartment . But are pets allowed ?
Well I think I can afford that apartment . But are pets allowed ? Hmm ... let me look . Yes , it says it's a pet-friendly building .
Hmm ... let me look . Yes , it says it's a pet-friendly building . That's great . That means I can bring my cat , Mr . Twinkles . Where is the apartment located ?
Hello , this is Liu Juan speaking . Is that Mr . Brown ? No , this isn't .
No , this isn't . Could you please get him on the phone ?
Mr . Crandall , I ' m sorry , but I really don ' t see the value in doing this entire project over from scratch . It would take a lot of work . That ' s certainly true . But , that ' s what this job is all about , Maria . There's no doubt that this project is unacceptable .
That ' s certainly true . But , that ' s what this job is all about , Maria . There's no doubt that this project is unacceptable . I agree . But I think that we can handle the problem by making a few major changes . I ' d appreciate it if you would give me a chance .
Good morning , can I help you ? I want to American breakfast with fried eggs sunny side up .
I want to American breakfast with fried eggs sunny side up . What kind of juice do you prefer , sir ?
What kind of juice do you prefer , sir ? Breakfast juice and please make my coffee very strong .
Breakfast juice and please make my coffee very strong . Yes , sir . American breakfast with fried eggs sunny side up . Breakfast juice and black coffee . And my correct , sir ?
Yes , sir . American breakfast with fried eggs sunny side up . Breakfast juice and black coffee . And my correct , sir ? Yes , that ' s right .
Yes , that ' s right . Is there anything else , sir ?
Is there anything else , sir ? No , that ' s all .
No , that ' s all . Good morning , sir . I ' Ve got breakfast your ordered .
Good morning , sir . I ' Ve got breakfast your ordered . Just put it on the table please .
Just put it on the table please . Do you need anything else , sir ?
Do you need anything else , sir ? No , thanks . Oh , yes , could I have some juice for the mini bar ?
No , thanks . Oh , yes , could I have some juice for the mini bar ? What kind of juice do you like sir ?
What kind of juice do you like sir ? Tomato or orange juice , please .
Boy , it looks like everyone in your family is here , from young to old . Easter's a good day for reunions . The family goes to church together .
Easter's a good day for reunions . The family goes to church together . And after church they come here for lunch ?
And after church they come here for lunch ? Yup , a big potluck buffet . And then-notice there are no children around ?
Yup , a big potluck buffet . And then-notice there are no children around ? Yeah , what's up with that ?
How far do we have to go ? About 50 miles .
About 50 miles . The traffic is not very heavy on this high way , is it ? So I ' m sure we ' ll make it .
The traffic is not very heavy on this high way , is it ? So I ' m sure we ' ll make it . No , but we ' Ve got a hurry . It will be the rush hour soon .
No , but we ' Ve got a hurry . It will be the rush hour soon . Don ' t worry . There ' s plenty of time yet .
Don ' t worry . There ' s plenty of time yet . But it ' s Friday today . This road is always jam packed during the weekend , isn ' t it ?
What's wrong with you ? I have a sore throat and headache .
I have a sore throat and headache . Do you feel tired ?
Do you feel tired ? Yes , my whole body feels weak . And I really feel terrible .
Yes , my whole body feels weak . And I really feel terrible . I'm sorry to hear that . I'll have to examine you .
I'm sorry to hear that . I'll have to examine you . Ok , go ahead .
Can you speak Japanese ? Yes , I can , but not very well .
Yes , I can , but not very well . Where did you learn it ?
Where did you learn it ? At school . And I'm still learning it now .
At school . And I'm still learning it now . How long have you been learning it ?
How long have you been learning it ? About three years .
About three years . Can you speak any other languages ?
What can I help you with ? May I ask you something ?
May I ask you something ? What's your question ?
What's your question ? How many hours behind the wheel do I need ?
How many hours behind the wheel do I need ? What do you need to take it for ?
What do you need to take it for ? I'm trying to get my license .
I'm trying to get my license . You need six hours .
You need six hours . Can I do all six hours in one day ?
Can I do all six hours in one day ? You have to do it in three days .
You have to do it in three days . That's all I have to do ?
That's all I have to do ? That's everything .
Hello Mr Waterstone , what can I do for you today ? Hello , Becky . Well , you see , I have this thing here , called a Fixed Deposit Certificate , and I've just noticed the date on it .
Hello , Becky . Well , you see , I have this thing here , called a Fixed Deposit Certificate , and I've just noticed the date on it . Oh , I see . You have two choices here you can either redeem or renew .
Oh , I see . You have two choices here you can either redeem or renew . I think I'll redeem , if that's not a problem .
I think I'll redeem , if that's not a problem . No problem at all , Mr Waterstone . Any preference as to how you want the money ?
No problem at all , Mr Waterstone . Any preference as to how you want the money ? Anything you like , but not too many large notes . It's useful to have smaller notes .
Anything you like , but not too many large notes . It's useful to have smaller notes . Here we go , Mr Waterstone . Here's your money and your interest note .
What can I show you ? Do you have this shirt in a small ?
Do you have this shirt in a small ? Let me check . Yes , we have .
Let me check . Yes , we have . May I try it on ?
Hello . this is Susan . Hello , I ' m Mark . I ' m just wondering if you are free this weekend
Hello , I ' m Mark . I ' m just wondering if you are free this weekend Yes , I think So .
Yes , I think So . Good . I was thinking that I ' d like to invite you to watch a movie . I can meet you at the cinema gate .
Good . I was thinking that I ' d like to invite you to watch a movie . I can meet you at the cinema gate . What ' s the time ?
What ' s the time ? Six thirty , tonight .
Six thirty , tonight . Oh , I ' m sorry I can ' t because I have to do some housework . You can ask Jenny to go with you
Oh , I ' m sorry I can ' t because I have to do some housework . You can ask Jenny to go with you All right . Maybe next time I can go with you . Bye !
Good day ! Welcome to Lincoln Bank , how may we assist you ? Hello . I need to find out if a Receipt of Proceeds has arrived . I'm from Felix Wasserman Associates .
Hello . I need to find out if a Receipt of Proceeds has arrived . I'm from Felix Wasserman Associates . Thanks . Have you got the L / C number ?
Thanks . Have you got the L / C number ? It's NX567822100007 .
It's NX567822100007 . Hang on a tick and I'll check for you . I'm sorry ; we have no record of that arriving .
Hang on a tick and I'll check for you . I'm sorry ; we have no record of that arriving . OK , thanks for checking . Could you give me a ring when it arrives , please ?
I have to check out now . My name is Ruth Carson . Can I have my bill , please ? Yes , it's $ 167 .
Do you remember what the ratings of movies stand for ? Yes , G stands for General Audiences , PG means Parental Guidance suggested , R is restricted to audiences under 18 and X means explicit content .
Yes , G stands for General Audiences , PG means Parental Guidance suggested , R is restricted to audiences under 18 and X means explicit content . Does anyone pay any attention to those ratings anymore ?
Does anyone pay any attention to those ratings anymore ? Remember when we were kids ? Theaters wouldn't let kids in to PG moves without a parent .
Remember when we were kids ? Theaters wouldn't let kids in to PG moves without a parent . I remember that I never saw an X moves even displayed .
I remember that I never saw an X moves even displayed . Now with video rentals it's all a personal matter .
Now with video rentals it's all a personal matter . Yea , I never see theaters turn people away for their age anymore either .
Excuse me , Mr . Emory ? Mr . Macmillan , would like to know if you have the completed schedule for next week ? Yes , I do , Susan . Just a moment . Here it is .
Yes , I do , Susan . Just a moment . Here it is . Thank you , sir . Sorry to trouble you .
Oh , so many kinds of winter hats . What is your favorite color , miss ?
What is your favorite color , miss ? Red .
Red . Here you are . It ' s very attractive .
Here you are . It ' s very attractive . May I try it on ?
May I try it on ? Go ahead .
Go ahead . Is there a mirror around here ?
Is there a mirror around here ? Right over there .
Right over there . Does it suit me ?
Does it suit me ? Yes , you look very nice .
Yes , you look very nice . How much is it ?
How much is it ? We're having a clearance sale . $ 4 plus tax .
How old is Keith ? He's 21 . How old is James ?
He's 21 . How old is James ? He's a year older than Keith , but he looks younger .
He's a year older than Keith , but he looks younger . How's your father ?
How's your father ? He's fine . He retired last week . It's a turning point in his life . Now he can relax and enjoy his retirement .
He's fine . He retired last week . It's a turning point in his life . Now he can relax and enjoy his retirement . He can spend more time with his grandchildren .
He can spend more time with his grandchildren . Oh , I don't think he wants to . He wants to travel to several different countries around the world .
Oh , I don't think he wants to . He wants to travel to several different countries around the world . So , he wants to have a more active retirement . Good idea !
So , he wants to have a more active retirement . Good idea ! How do you want to spend your old age ?
What did you do today ? Played poker with my work friends .
Played poker with my work friends . Did you win ?
John , I ' d like you to meet Charles Brown , our new manager at the airport . Yes , certainly . How can I recognize him ?
Yes , certainly . How can I recognize him ? He is short , well-built , and he ' s got light blond hair .
He is short , well-built , and he ' s got light blond hair . Is there anything else ?
Is there anything else ? He has a mustache , if I remember correctly , and a light complexion .
He has a mustache , if I remember correctly , and a light complexion . How old is he ?
How old is he ? He is in his late thirties .
He is in his late thirties . Well . I shouldn ' t have any trouble recognizing him . What time does his flight arrive ?
What can I do for you today ? I would like to use a computer .
I would like to use a computer . Do you have your library card ?
Do you have your library card ? I sure do .
I sure do . There is a wait for the computers .
There is a wait for the computers . That ' s all right .
That ' s all right . You need to print your name on this list .
You need to print your name on this list . Okay . Now what ?
Okay . Now what ? Once a computer is available , I will let you know .
Once a computer is available , I will let you know . How am I supposed to log on to the computer ?
How am I supposed to log on to the computer ? All you do is type in the number on the back of your card .
Good afternoon , sir . Have you made a reservation ? I am afraid not . Are there any vacant tables ?
I am afraid not . Are there any vacant tables ? I don't think so . You have to wait for about 10 minutes .
How are you today ? Great , thanks .
Great , thanks . Can I help you ?
Can I help you ? I would actually like to view the apartment for rent today .
I would actually like to view the apartment for rent today . I ' m sorry , but you won ' t be able to view it today .
I ' m sorry , but you won ' t be able to view it today . Why not ?
Why not ? You have to make an appointment first .
You have to make an appointment first . Oh , okay . Can I do that right now ?
Oh , okay . Can I do that right now ? Is this Friday okay ?
Is this Friday okay ? Is 6 o ' clock Friday evening okay ?
Is 6 o ' clock Friday evening okay ? Yes , I will schedule you for that time .
What can I get for you today ? Could I get a hamburger , please ?
Could I get a hamburger , please ? Would you like cheese on that ?
Would you like cheese on that ? No , thank you .
No , thank you . Would you like a drink ?
Would you like a drink ? Let me have a soda .
Let me have a soda . What kind of soda would you like ?
What kind of soda would you like ? May I have a Sprite , please ?
May I have a Sprite , please ? Sure , no problem .
Sure , no problem . I would also like a bag of chips .
I would also like a bag of chips . Will that be all ?
How are you ? I ' m doing well .
I ' m doing well . How may I help you ?
How may I help you ? Could you cancel a check for me ?
Could you cancel a check for me ? What ' s the problem ?
What ' s the problem ? I wrote the check out for way too much .
I wrote the check out for way too much . How much ?
How much ? I wrote the check out for $ 150 .
I wrote the check out for $ 150 . What were you supposed to write it out for ?
What were you supposed to write it out for ? I was supposed to write the check out for $ 100 .
I was supposed to write the check out for $ 100 . I ' ll just cancel it for you right now .
Have you decided what you ' re going to do during your holiday ? Yes . I ' m going to travel around Europe .
Yes . I ' m going to travel around Europe . Wow , that sounds great ! Where are you going ?
Wow , that sounds great ! Where are you going ? I think I will start off in Paris . Then I ' m going to take the train to Nice and then go on to Milan .
I think I will start off in Paris . Then I ' m going to take the train to Nice and then go on to Milan . Oh that will be lovely . You ' ll be able to do lots of shopping I expect .
Oh that will be lovely . You ' ll be able to do lots of shopping I expect . Oh yes and try lots of new food too .
Oh yes and try lots of new food too . Great . Make sure you buy me a souvenir !
I'm sorry , but I don't think this damage is our fault . What do you mean ?
What do you mean ? It looks like the shipping company did this .
Yesterday I had a quarrel with my roommate . I'm really fed up with all this . Tell me what seems to be the problem .
Tell me what seems to be the problem . My roommate always brings a lot of friends from off-campus . They stay in the room until midnight , singing and talking , drinking and playing cards while I have no place for study . I even don't have the quietness to sleep .
Please help yourself to whatever you like , don't be shy . Yes , thank you . I've already been helping myself .
Yes , thank you . I've already been helping myself . This dish taste terrific . Would you like to try a little ? It is a little hot , but very good .
This dish taste terrific . Would you like to try a little ? It is a little hot , but very good . I like hot food , especially Sichuan cuisine .
I like hot food , especially Sichuan cuisine . Would you like another beer ?
Would you like another beer ? I'll have another cup of beer insist . I know I don't like to drink alone , especially there are someone sitting there next to me .
I'll have another cup of beer insist . I know I don't like to drink alone , especially there are someone sitting there next to me . Come on , it's the weekend . Let's taste and enjoy this meal . Cheers !
What's wrong with you ? You look pale . I'm not sure , I feel hot and cold .
I'm not sure , I feel hot and cold . When did the trouble start ?
When did the trouble start ? I was sick most of the night .
I was sick most of the night . It sounds like you are coming down with the flu . Let me take your temperature .
It sounds like you are coming down with the flu . Let me take your temperature . Have I got a high fever ?
Have I got a high fever ? Yes , thirty-eight point seven . Do you have a headache , chest or throat pain ?
Yes , thirty-eight point seven . Do you have a headache , chest or throat pain ? Yes , I have .
Yes , I have . Now , let me have a look at you . I'd like to listen to your chest . Now breathe in , a deep breath , that's it Cough , now again . I want to examine your throat , too . Open wide , say ' Ah - - '
Now , let me have a look at you . I'd like to listen to your chest . Now breathe in , a deep breath , that's it Cough , now again . I want to examine your throat , too . Open wide , say ' Ah - - ' Aaaaahh , aaaaahh .
Aaaaahh , aaaaahh . Yes , it does look a bit sore . Let's take an X-ray of your chest and give you a few tests .
Yes , it does look a bit sore . Let's take an X-ray of your chest and give you a few tests . All right , thanks .
All right , thanks . The tests showed nothing wrong . A slight viral infection .
The tests showed nothing wrong . A slight viral infection . What shall I do today ?
Good morning . what can I do for you ? I'm looking for some earrings for my wife as a wedding anniversary gift .
I'm looking for some earrings for my wife as a wedding anniversary gift . You've come to the right store . We've got a beautiful and wide selection of earrings for you to choose from .
You've come to the right store . We've got a beautiful and wide selection of earrings for you to choose from . I saw a pair of earrings outside your window . Can you show them to me ?
I saw a pair of earrings outside your window . Can you show them to me ? Do you mean the exquisite pearl earrings ?
Do you mean the exquisite pearl earrings ? Exactly . How much do you want for them ?
Exactly . How much do you want for them ? They're only three thousand yuan .
They're only three thousand yuan . What is this setting made of ?
What is this setting made of ? Well , it's specially made of a platinum alloy , sir , and the lustre will never fade out .
Well , it's specially made of a platinum alloy , sir , and the lustre will never fade out . I'II take them . Please wrap them up tor me and give me the receipt .
You've heard of Bruce Jenner , haven't you ? He won the decathlon in the 1976 Olympics , right ?
He won the decathlon in the 1976 Olympics , right ? I read that he trained so much that he used to dream about jumping hurdles .
I read that he trained so much that he used to dream about jumping hurdles . I can think of better things to dream about ...
I can think of better things to dream about ... Sometimes he would wake up covered in sweat , with his legs pumping away .
How long have you been in England ? For almost two years .
For almost two years . Almost two years ? Your English is very good .
hi , Bob , I am so glad that you came . of course I'd come . I couldn't think of a better chance to see all my old friends .
of course I'd come . I couldn't think of a better chance to see all my old friends . yeah . It's hard to believe that it's been ten years since graduation . It feels just yesterday we collected our diplomas .
yeah . It's hard to believe that it's been ten years since graduation . It feels just yesterday we collected our diplomas . how time flies . But hey , how are things going with you ?
how time flies . But hey , how are things going with you ? oh , where to start ? There have been ups and downs . I'm still trying to find my place in this world . It's only recently that I've been able to start settling down . How about you ? You still with Jenn
oh , where to start ? There have been ups and downs . I'm still trying to find my place in this world . It's only recently that I've been able to start settling down . How about you ? You still with Jenn yeah , Jenny and I got married right after graduation . It was tough the first years trying to make ends meet . I was supporting us both while she continued her studies . But now things are getting better
yeah , Jenny and I got married right after graduation . It was tough the first years trying to make ends meet . I was supporting us both while she continued her studies . But now things are getting better oh , that sounds wonderful . I have always known you two would make it . I hope I can keep in better contact with you guys . I don't want us to drift apart again .
oh , that sounds wonderful . I have always known you two would make it . I hope I can keep in better contact with you guys . I don't want us to drift apart again . definitely ! Actually , we just moved into a new place . There's a house-warming party this Saturday , if you are free ? I know Jenny would love to see you again and it should be a good party .
Hello . Good morning , Ruth . Did I wake you up ?
Good morning , Ruth . Did I wake you up ? No , I was just about to get up . What's up , Carl ?
No , I was just about to get up . What's up , Carl ? Listen , I am calling to confirm what you said yesterday . Are we supposed to meet at the Chinatown terminal of the Avenue B bus or D bus ?
Listen , I am calling to confirm what you said yesterday . Are we supposed to meet at the Chinatown terminal of the Avenue B bus or D bus ? B as in boy . You should get off at the last stop in Chinatown .
B as in boy . You should get off at the last stop in Chinatown . Oh , you mean Canal Street ?
Oh , you mean Canal Street ? That's the wrong direction . Canal Street is on the other side of Chinatown .
That's the wrong direction . Canal Street is on the other side of Chinatown . Oh , I get it . When did we decide to meet ?
Oh , I get it . When did we decide to meet ? At 10,45 . Is Ann coming along ?
At 10,45 . Is Ann coming along ? I cannot get hold of her yet .
I cannot get hold of her yet . See you around , Carl .
I'm too tired now . I've already worked for 12 hours overtime ! God ! Don't you think they should get you an assistant ?
God ! Don't you think they should get you an assistant ? Yes , they were supposed to , but so far nobody's turned up , and I have to do the work alone . This is the first break I've had all day .
Yes , they were supposed to , but so far nobody's turned up , and I have to do the work alone . This is the first break I've had all day . They're really running you into the ground . Why don't you ask for some time off ? You could take a long weekend and have a good rest .
They're really running you into the ground . Why don't you ask for some time off ? You could take a long weekend and have a good rest . I'm afraid I can't before I finish this project .
I'm afraid I can't before I finish this project . You'd better pay more attention to your health .
You'd better pay more attention to your health . I will , thanks for your concern .
I think it's time for me to meet my admirer and make him face the music . You do ? How are you going to contact him ?
You do ? How are you going to contact him ? I'm leaving him a message taped to my computer screen .
I'm leaving him a message taped to my computer screen . What does it say ? Do you think he'll see it ?
What does it say ? Do you think he'll see it ? He'll see it . It says , I like sweets . Meet me at two thirty in the parking lot .
He'll see it . It says , I like sweets . Meet me at two thirty in the parking lot . Can I spy on you guys from the window ?
I find it really hard to express myself in class . I have lots of ideas , but they never seem to come out of my mouth . let me give you a little advice . You know what the topics are going to be , so prepares what you would like to say in advance .
let me give you a little advice . You know what the topics are going to be , so prepares what you would like to say in advance . I often do , but I ' m worried about the responses from other people .
I often do , but I ' m worried about the responses from other people . you have to be realistic . Not everyone is going to agree with you , but people will respect your opinion and they will respect the fact that you have contributed something to the discussion .
you have to be realistic . Not everyone is going to agree with you , but people will respect your opinion and they will respect the fact that you have contributed something to the discussion . I ' m worried that what I say will not make sense .
I ' m worried that what I say will not make sense . we could chat about the topic before class . I could check that what you want to say is logical and it would also give you a chance to practice speaking .
we could chat about the topic before class . I could check that what you want to say is logical and it would also give you a chance to practice speaking . that ' s a good idea . What should I do if I am in two minds about a topic ?
that ' s a good idea . What should I do if I am in two minds about a topic ? that ' s easy . Express possibilities . People will think that you are pretty smart to be able to look at the topic from more than one angle .
that ' s easy . Express possibilities . People will think that you are pretty smart to be able to look at the topic from more than one angle . I didn ' t realize that speaking in class could be so easy .
I have to get to Chicago by tomorrow and you're telling me that there are no flights ? I'm very sorry , sir . I could put you on a waiting list , but you would be wise to check out other means of travel .
I'm very sorry , sir . I could put you on a waiting list , but you would be wise to check out other means of travel . You mean like a bus ? Have you ever traveled for ten hours on a bus before ?
You mean like a bus ? Have you ever traveled for ten hours on a bus before ? I have not sir . But I do have a number for a very comfortable bus that goes to Chicago every hour from here .
I have not sir . But I do have a number for a very comfortable bus that goes to Chicago every hour from here . Alright , give me the number . But put me on that waiting list as well .
Alright , give me the number . But put me on that waiting list as well . Here is the number , and your name is on the waiting list .
Here is the number , and your name is on the waiting list . How many people are on the waiting list right now ?
Good afternoon ! Good afternoon ! Sit down , please . How are you ?
Good afternoon ! Sit down , please . How are you ? I'm very well , thank you . How are you ?
I'm very well , thank you . How are you ? Very well too , thank you very much . Isn ' t it a lovely day ?
Very well too , thank you very much . Isn ' t it a lovely day ? Yes , it's beautiful , but it's also very hot .
Yes , it's beautiful , but it's also very hot . Yes .
Yes . What's the weather like in your country ?
What's the weather like in your country ? Mm ... It's quite warm now .
Mm ... It's quite warm now . Where do you live ?
Where do you live ? In London . Where do you live ?
Shall we visit the Summer Palace tomorrow ? Good . I don't want to leave Beijing without visiting it .
Good . I don't want to leave Beijing without visiting it . How far is it from our hotel ?
How far is it from our hotel ? It's about 5 kilometers .
It's about 5 kilometers . If we start early , do we have some time for Yuanmingyuan ?
Actually I have a passion for Chinese literature . You do ?
You do ? Yeah , those classics from the great writers .
Hi , could we have two orange juice smoothies ? Would you like those with yogurt ?
Would you like those with yogurt ? Sure , why not ?
Sure , why not ? What else would you like to add ? We highly recommend caterpillar fungus .
What else would you like to add ? We highly recommend caterpillar fungus . Caterpillar fungus ? ! What the heck is that ?
Did you get Bean's ten different good luck forwards , like that one from the Dalai Lama ? Yeah , I deleted all that superstitious crap . What a waste of bandwidth !
Yeah , I deleted all that superstitious crap . What a waste of bandwidth ! I figured I might as well send one or two of them out . Maybe my luck will get better .
I figured I might as well send one or two of them out . Maybe my luck will get better . Do you really think the Dalai Lama sent that ? I'm tired of all these forwards .
It's time for bed . But I'm not sleepy , Mum . Can I stay and watch more TV ?
But I'm not sleepy , Mum . Can I stay and watch more TV ? It's already half past eleven . You have school tomorrow . You'll sleepy all tomorrow , if you don't sleep well tonight .
It's already half past eleven . You have school tomorrow . You'll sleepy all tomorrow , if you don't sleep well tonight . I know . But I promise I won't be sleepy tomorrow . I work really hard .
I know . But I promise I won't be sleepy tomorrow . I work really hard . Don't you have the exams coming up soon ? I'm sure you could spend more time preparing for those .
Don't you have the exams coming up soon ? I'm sure you could spend more time preparing for those . Oh , I nearly forgot the exams .
Oh , I nearly forgot the exams . You do well in maths , but your history is not good enough . Am I right ?
You do well in maths , but your history is not good enough . Am I right ? Yeah , I guess so . Maybe I can go to sleep now and get up early to review the lessons tomorrow .
Yeah , I guess so . Maybe I can go to sleep now and get up early to review the lessons tomorrow . An excellent idea . Work now and play later .
An excellent idea . Work now and play later . I know you're right . School is more important than TV . Can I watch one more show , then go to bed .
Excuse me , is this the baggage claim area from KL17 ? Yes , can I help you ?
Yes , can I help you ? Well , this is my baggage claim tag . Can you get my baggage now ?
Well , this is my baggage claim tag . Can you get my baggage now ? OK , here you are .
Now , what seems to be the trouble ? It's nothing serious . But I always have a headache , and I haven't slept properly for several weeks . I've also lost appetite and my eyes are burning .
It's nothing serious . But I always have a headache , and I haven't slept properly for several weeks . I've also lost appetite and my eyes are burning . Mm , you do look rather pale . Let me take your temperature . Would you put the thermometer under your arm , please ? Now , let me listen to your pulse . Mm , do you feel weak ?
Mm , you do look rather pale . Let me take your temperature . Would you put the thermometer under your arm , please ? Now , let me listen to your pulse . Mm , do you feel weak ? Yes , I never seem to have any energy .
Yes , I never seem to have any energy . I'll give you a blood test . Would you roll up your sleeve ? Just as I thought . You're anemic . You'd better pay more attention to your diet . Eat plenty of fresh fruit and vegetables and food high in protein . And don't stay up late working . Try to get more rest .
Hello , thank you for calling Bradford and Sons . This is Tracy speaking , How may I help you ? Hello . I would like to speak to your director of human resources , Ms . Jenkins , Please .
Hello . I would like to speak to your director of human resources , Ms . Jenkins , Please . Just a moment . I'll check to see if she is at her desk . May I tell her who is calling ?
Just a moment . I'll check to see if she is at her desk . May I tell her who is calling ? This is Bill Burton from Milford Insurance , I'm calling in regards to our meeting next Tuesday .
This is Bill Burton from Milford Insurance , I'm calling in regards to our meeting next Tuesday . Thank you , Mr . Burton . Can you please hold for a moment ? I'll check to see if she is available .
Thank you , Mr . Burton . Can you please hold for a moment ? I'll check to see if she is available . No problem .
We've managed to reduce our energy consumption in our factory by about 15 per cent in the last two years . That's excellent . How have you managed that ?
That's excellent . How have you managed that ? Mainly because we've invested in a heat recovery system .
Mainly because we've invested in a heat recovery system . What does that mean exactly ?
What does that mean exactly ? Well , we use the exhaust gases from our printing presses to provide energy to heat our dryers .
Well , we use the exhaust gases from our printing presses to provide energy to heat our dryers . What other sources of energy do you use ?
Are you going to vote ? Of course ! Are you ?
Of course ! Are you ? I plan to , but what day is the election ?
I plan to , but what day is the election ? You should know that .
You should know that . Can you just tell me ?
Can you just tell me ? The election is this Tuesday .
The election is this Tuesday . Are you serious ?
Are you serious ? I ' m not kidding .
I ' m not kidding . It ' s a good thing I asked you .
It ' s a good thing I asked you . That should ' Ve been something you knew already .
That should ' Ve been something you knew already . I couldn ' t remember .
hi , Lander . What's wrong ? I can hardly make ends meet these days .
I can hardly make ends meet these days . same here . I have't brought any new clothes for three months .
same here . I have't brought any new clothes for three months . my income remains the same but prices just continue to rise .
my income remains the same but prices just continue to rise . true . The news says that there is a general increase in the price of daily necessities .
true . The news says that there is a general increase in the price of daily necessities . definitely . I have to spend 300 yuan more on food every month .
definitely . I have to spend 300 yuan more on food every month . the biggest price jump is for pork , so most people have to turn to chicken .
the biggest price jump is for pork , so most people have to turn to chicken . is that inflation ?
is that inflation ? inflation is more than just the rising prices , I guess . But the central bank is warning about the risk of inflation .
inflation is more than just the rising prices , I guess . But the central bank is warning about the risk of inflation . has the government taken some measures to curb it ?
has the government taken some measures to curb it ? yes . The government has banned price hikes in some key industries like energy .
yes . The government has banned price hikes in some key industries like energy . but I'm afraid the price hikes will spill over from food into other areas of the economy .
but I'm afraid the price hikes will spill over from food into other areas of the economy . you said it . I think we should tighten our budget and cut our spending .
you said it . I think we should tighten our budget and cut our spending . how ?
how ? for a start , we can take the public transport to work . You know , running a car is a big expense .
Dave , there's something I want to talk to you about . Zina , why are you whispering ?
Zina , why are you whispering ? I've been talking to WebTracker . I'm thinking of jumping ship .
I've been talking to WebTracker . I'm thinking of jumping ship . What ? Are you serious ? You'd defect to our archrival ! ?
What ? Are you serious ? You'd defect to our archrival ! ? Keep your voice down . We'll talk more later . Right now I need to see Vince .
Keep your voice down . We'll talk more later . Right now I need to see Vince . We definitely have to talk , Zina . And watch your back . Elvin is still mad about his nose .
Are there any beds vacant ? Yes , what kind of room do you want ?
Yes , what kind of room do you want ? I prefer one facing the sea . Besides , it should have a shower .
I prefer one facing the sea . Besides , it should have a shower . Sorry , right now we can only have you a room without shower .
Hey . Why did you take that money ? You are such a cheater ! I should send you to jail ! I am not cheating . When you pass go , you collect $ 200 , Everyone knows that !
I am not cheating . When you pass go , you collect $ 200 , Everyone knows that ! Well you can ' t just take the money . You have to ask the bank for money . And I ' m the banker .
Well you can ' t just take the money . You have to ask the bank for money . And I ' m the banker . Banker ?
Banker ? Yes ...
Yes ... Can I have my $ 200 please ?
A :: Mr Clinton , it's nice to see you again . Nice to see you again , too . Peter . How's your family ?
Nice to see you again , too . Peter . How's your family ? A :: Very well . How's Mrs Clinton ?
Jenny , what's wrong with you ? Why do you keep weeping like that ? Mary told me that she had seen you with John last night . I got to know the fact that you are playing the field .
Please tell me something about your insurance background . I majored in international banking at college so I took many insurance courses . And I worked at an insurance company for my graduation field work .
I majored in international banking at college so I took many insurance courses . And I worked at an insurance company for my graduation field work . Why do you want to be an insurance agent ?
Why do you want to be an insurance agent ? I care about people and I know the importance of insurance .
I care about people and I know the importance of insurance . Do you have any work experience in promotion ?
Do you have any work experience in promotion ? Yes , I do . I have worked as a salesman for P & G Company Ltd .
Yes , I do . I have worked as a salesman for P & G Company Ltd . Do people respond well to you ?
I do want to meet with you and take a look at your catalogue . We ' re redecorating and are going to add some things . Well , I ' ll be glad to help you out . I can come out anytime on Tuesday or Thursday of next week .
Well , I ' ll be glad to help you out . I can come out anytime on Tuesday or Thursday of next week . Let ' s put it down for 1:15 on Thursday . We ' ll definitely need some new filing cabinets and at least one desk unit .
Excuse me , sir . Is there a barber near here ? Yes , the nearest one is at the third cross of this road .
Yes , the nearest one is at the third cross of this road . I'm a stranger here . How can I get there , please ?
I'm a stranger here . How can I get there , please ? Just walk down the road for a few minutes , and you'll find it on your right .
You look upset , anything wrong ? I'm going to quit the job .
I'm going to quit the job . Why ?
Why ? The task is tough .
The task is tough . You'd look before you leap .
Do you sometimes feel overwhelmed by your work ? Of course ! It is the No . 1 stressor in my life . You know job stress has become a very common problem these days . So we must learn to cope with it .
Of course ! It is the No . 1 stressor in my life . You know job stress has become a very common problem these days . So we must learn to cope with it . Totally agree . What is your solution ?
Totally agree . What is your solution ? Well , there are two causes of job stress . One is employee characteristic and the other is company condition . So if we want to manage job stress , both we and the companies should do something . For me , I am trying to balance work and leisure time . You know , all work and no play make Jack a dull boy .
Well , there are two causes of job stress . One is employee characteristic and the other is company condition . So if we want to manage job stress , both we and the companies should do something . For me , I am trying to balance work and leisure time . You know , all work and no play make Jack a dull boy . You seem to have a very relaxed outlook .
You seem to have a very relaxed outlook . It is necessary . Positive attitude helps to prevent stress .
It is necessary . Positive attitude helps to prevent stress . But I don ' t think we can change our working condition . Anyway , we are not the bosses .
Good afternoon ! Can I help you ? Could you show me where the Chinesc-style clothing is located ? I want to buy a silk coat .
Could you show me where the Chinesc-style clothing is located ? I want to buy a silk coat . This way , please . Here they are . They're all handmade .
This way , please . Here they are . They're all handmade . Oh , they look nice . May I try that black one on ?
Oh , they look nice . May I try that black one on ? Of course . The fitting room is right over there .
Of course . The fitting room is right over there . Do you have a medium in the same color ? This one is a little tight .
Do you have a medium in the same color ? This one is a little tight . l'm sorry . All the black of that size are sold out . Would you like a red one ?
l'm sorry . All the black of that size are sold out . Would you like a red one ? OK . Let me try it on . What do you think ?
OK . Let me try it on . What do you think ? Oh , that suits you very well . Besides it is believed in China that the red color brings happiness and good luck .
Oh , that suits you very well . Besides it is believed in China that the red color brings happiness and good luck . Really ? I'II take it and I'm leaving here tomorrow . Is it possible for you to send one in black to me by mail when you get it in ?
Really ? I'II take it and I'm leaving here tomorrow . Is it possible for you to send one in black to me by mail when you get it in ? Our pleasure . Please fill out this form , leaving your address and telephone number .
Our pleasure . Please fill out this form , leaving your address and telephone number . Thanks . How much would that come to ?
Sun-set hotel . May I help you ? Yes , I have booked a room for 24th . It's a double room .
Yes , I have booked a room for 24th . It's a double room . Hold on , please . Let me check it for you . Yes , you're right . You will keep it for 3 days .
Hold on , please . Let me check it for you . Yes , you're right . You will keep it for 3 days . Well , now I want to change the date from 24th to 28th .
I'm sorry , but I can't find the book you lent me . Oh , that's all right .
Oh , that's all right . I must apologize . I'll buy you a new one tomorrow .
I need help using the washer and dryer . Tell me what the problem is .
Tell me what the problem is . I can't figure out how to turn them on .
I can't figure out how to turn them on . Do you have some quarters ?
Do you have some quarters ? I didn't know I needed change .
I didn't know I needed change . The washer costs 50 cents and the dryer costs a dollar .
The washer costs 50 cents and the dryer costs a dollar . Where do I put the change ?
Where do I put the change ? The quarters go into the slot . You have to push the slot in , and the machine will turn on .
The quarters go into the slot . You have to push the slot in , and the machine will turn on . Is that everything that I have to do ?
Is that everything that I have to do ? That's all there is .
That's all there is . I appreciate you helping me with this .
Hello ? This is John Smith . Can I speak to Mr . White , please ? This is Mr . White speaking .
This is Mr . White speaking . Hi . I understand that you have a house for sale , haven ' t you ?
Hi . I understand that you have a house for sale , haven ' t you ? Yes .
Yes . I ' d like to know more about it .
I ' d like to know more about it . Can you come to my office this afternoon at 3 o ' clock ?
Can you come to my office this afternoon at 3 o ' clock ? OK . I will be there .
OK . I will be there . Thank you for calling . Goodbye .
Can I help you ? Yes . I want to buy a pair of shoes .
Yes . I want to buy a pair of shoes . Have you a pattern in your mind ?
Have you a pattern in your mind ? Well , maybe sneakers or rubber shoes .
Well , maybe sneakers or rubber shoes . Is there any special brand you would like ?
I think Yoga might be suitable for me . Why ?
Why ? Because it doesn't require a lot of energy and thus easy to keep up .
Because it doesn't require a lot of energy and thus easy to keep up . But I see people sweat a lot doing Yoga too .
But I see people sweat a lot doing Yoga too . I don't know . I just need to try it once . I'm in urgent need of some exercise to lose some weight .
Hello , Daisy , how are you doing ? Fine , thank you . I haven ' t seen you for quite some time . What have you been up to recently ?
Fine , thank you . I haven ' t seen you for quite some time . What have you been up to recently ? I have been spending a lot of time watching movies at home , so you wouldn't have seen me . Recently , I've been obsessed with horror films .
I have been spending a lot of time watching movies at home , so you wouldn't have seen me . Recently , I've been obsessed with horror films . Oh , how can you be infatuated with horror films ? They're so scary .
Oh , how can you be infatuated with horror films ? They're so scary . Yeah , you are right I used to not watch horror films , but after seeing Silence of the Lamb with Mike last month , I fell in love with them .
Yeah , you are right I used to not watch horror films , but after seeing Silence of the Lamb with Mike last month , I fell in love with them . It's amazing . But if I were you , I wouldn't have the courage to watch the first one .
It's amazing . But if I were you , I wouldn't have the courage to watch the first one . But it's really exciting .
But it's really exciting . Maybe , but I would rather watch romance , science fiction , crime or even disaster movie instead of a horror picture . I wouldn't dare sleep at night after watching one .
Maybe , but I would rather watch romance , science fiction , crime or even disaster movie instead of a horror picture . I wouldn't dare sleep at night after watching one . Basically . you'll watch any type of movie except horror .
Basically . you'll watch any type of movie except horror . Yep .
Yep . I think you should have a try someday . Maybe you'll change your mind .
They ' ll do the operation for you this Friday . But Saturday is my birthday .
But Saturday is my birthday . I think it ' s important to do now . We can have a birthday party for you when you come out of the hospital .
I think it ' s important to do now . We can have a birthday party for you when you come out of the hospital . But it won ' t be on my birthday .
Wei ! This is a first-you didn't bargain ! Bargain ? I'd feel way too guilty .
Bargain ? I'd feel way too guilty . But you could have saved money .
But you could have saved money . From a sweet ma ? ! It's not worth it . Plus , I'd happily pay more for these things I bought !
From a sweet ma ? ! It's not worth it . Plus , I'd happily pay more for these things I bought ! F . Y . I . , there is a flea market nearby , but maybe you're done ...
How long will you stay in New York ? Just tor three days . I won't need these luggages . CouId I put them here ?
Just tor three days . I won't need these luggages . CouId I put them here ? I am sorry . If you have here more than 24 hours between connecting flights , we can't check your luggage through London .
I am sorry . If you have here more than 24 hours between connecting flights , we can't check your luggage through London . Well , maybe I can put them in the airport storage there .
What can I do for you ? I'd like to buy some milk powder . What would you recommend ?
I'd like to buy some milk powder . What would you recommend ? We have many kinds of different purpose . I wonder whom you are buying for ?
We have many kinds of different purpose . I wonder whom you are buying for ? My son . He is two years old .
My son . He is two years old . I see , sir . This one is very good .
I see , sir . This one is very good . Is it ?
Is it ? You may rest assured . It sells well .
You may rest assured . It sells well . May I have a look at the introduction ?
Good morning , may I speak with Professor Clark , please ? You are speaking with Professor Clark .
You are speaking with Professor Clark . Professor , I am Kalina from your morning literature class .
Professor , I am Kalina from your morning literature class . Yes , how can I help you ?
Yes , how can I help you ? I ran my car into a tree yesterday and need to miss a few days of school .
I ran my car into a tree yesterday and need to miss a few days of school . Oh , my God ! I hope you are all right .
Oh , my God ! I hope you are all right . I have a concussion , but I will be OK .
I have a concussion , but I will be OK . How much school will you miss ?
How much school will you miss ? I only need to take this week off .
Margaret , I'd like to follow up with the arrangements for our company retreat , to take place next month . We need to book the venue , make arrangements for speakers and door prizes , and set up all the activities and accommodations . Also , very important , we need to determine which of our staff will be eligible and will be available to go . We've got to get a head count in order to make reservations . What's the criteria for staff to attend ? Are we only including our management team in this affair ? Or will we be extending invitations to lower level employees to attend ?
Susan is going to get a divorce . How do you know that ?
How do you know that ? She told me that Peter and she has a quarrel last nigh , and she left this morning , bag and baggage .
It's said that John's broken up . Really ? But his wife has always waited on him hand and foot .
Really ? But his wife has always waited on him hand and foot . I hear that John's leading a double wife .
Look ! I bought these shoes only three weeks ago and there is a hole in them already . If that happen to me , I ' ll take them back to the shop .
If that happen to me , I ' ll take them back to the shop . I did . But they said they won ' t change them .
What a nice day ! yes . How about going out and enjoying the sunshine on the grass ?
yes . How about going out and enjoying the sunshine on the grass ? great , let's go !
great , let's go ! hey , darling , I think I might have a little heatstroke from being in the sun all day . I was so relaxed . It felt as if I were in another world .
hey , darling , I think I might have a little heatstroke from being in the sun all day . I was so relaxed . It felt as if I were in another world . exactly . You know , the sunshine and wind remind me of our honeymoon . You remember ? The island , the sound of the waves , the salty sea air and the sunshine ...
exactly . You know , the sunshine and wind remind me of our honeymoon . You remember ? The island , the sound of the waves , the salty sea air and the sunshine ... yes , it was wonderful but it's already been a year . How time flies !
yes , it was wonderful but it's already been a year . How time flies ! why not go again to celebrate out one-year anniversary ? We can go to the same beach , stay in the same hotel and enjoy a dinner in the same restaurant .
why not go again to celebrate out one-year anniversary ? We can go to the same beach , stay in the same hotel and enjoy a dinner in the same restaurant . are you kidding ? Can you afford it ? Do you think we can get a room on such short notice ?
are you kidding ? Can you afford it ? Do you think we can get a room on such short notice ? never mind that , I'll take care of it . Are you available next week ?
never mind that , I'll take care of it . Are you available next week ? yeah , I think so .
yeah , I think so . ok . I'll make the arrangements . It will be great .
Ok , honey , time to take down the Christmas tree . Do we have to ?
Do we have to ? Come on , it ' s losing needles all the time and the branches are sagging .
Come on , it ' s losing needles all the time and the branches are sagging . It ' s not that bad , besides it really looks nice in that corner . It gives the room a good atmosphere .
It ' s not that bad , besides it really looks nice in that corner . It gives the room a good atmosphere . A good atmosphere ? The tree is falling apart , and it ' s messing up the room .
A good atmosphere ? The tree is falling apart , and it ' s messing up the room . But it makes the place feel so much like Christmas . I ' d really hate to have to take it down .
But it makes the place feel so much like Christmas . I ' d really hate to have to take it down . But Christmas was two weeks ago ! It ' s been there only because we ' Ve been too busy to get rid of it .
But Christmas was two weeks ago ! It ' s been there only because we ' Ve been too busy to get rid of it . I know , but it seems like such a shame to have to take it away .
I know , but it seems like such a shame to have to take it away . But it ' s falling apart , and the cat keeps playing with the lower branches .
But it ' s falling apart , and the cat keeps playing with the lower branches . I know , I know . But it reminds me of the great Christmas we just had . All of us were here - - my parents , your parents , the kids , and the cousins - - the food was good , and everybody got what they wanted .
I know , I know . But it reminds me of the great Christmas we just had . All of us were here - - my parents , your parents , the kids , and the cousins - - the food was good , and everybody got what they wanted . Yeah , it was a good Christmas . It won ' t always be this good , but we can ' t make it last longer than it should .
Yeah , it was a good Christmas . It won ' t always be this good , but we can ' t make it last longer than it should . Ok , fine . We need to take down the tree .
You guys are charging me $ 10 for a movie that I never ordered or saw . Let's see , sir . According to your file , you watched ' Titanic ' Monday evening .
Let's see , sir . According to your file , you watched ' Titanic ' Monday evening . Well , the wrong information is in my file . I was at a concert Monday night .
Well , the wrong information is in my file . I was at a concert Monday night . Well , your word overrules the file , sir . One moment , please .
Well , your word overrules the file , sir . One moment , please . I knew you'd see it my way .
I knew you'd see it my way . Sir , I deleted the $ 10 , but I had to add a $ 2 service charge to your bill .
Sir , I deleted the $ 10 , but I had to add a $ 2 service charge to your bill . Am I in the Twilight Zone ? You're charging me for a movie I never saw ?
Am I in the Twilight Zone ? You're charging me for a movie I never saw ? Please don't blame me , sir . Blame the computer programmer .
Please don't blame me , sir . Blame the computer programmer . This is highway robbery . I've got a good mind to call the police !
Hi , I'm George . I'll be your waiter this evening . Are you ready to order or do you need a few more minutes ? I'm ready now . I'd like the roast chicken and a side order of corn .
I'm ready now . I'd like the roast chicken and a side order of corn . And would you like an appetizer before your meal ? The soup of the day is our delicious tomato soup .
And would you like an appetizer before your meal ? The soup of the day is our delicious tomato soup . I'll pass on the soup , but I'd like a garden salad .
I'll pass on the soup , but I'd like a garden salad . Can I get you anything to drink ? :
Can I get you anything to drink ? : Yes , I'd like a glass of iced tea .
Yes , I'd like a glass of iced tea . Okay . I'll be back in a minute with your drink and salad .
Good afternoon . I come here specially to pick up my tickets . I booked it last month . This is my reservation note . I am terribly sorry . You didn't come to reconfirm recently . You should have come to pick up your ticket three days ago since it's an international flight , any reservation without reconfirmation within 72 hours will be cancelled .
It's beautiful here . Yes . I feel refreshed .
Yes . I feel refreshed . How long will we dock ?
How long will we dock ? In half an hour . The surface of the lake is calm .
Here's the course description guide . What do I do with it ?
What do I do with it ? Do you want me to help you ?
Do you want me to help you ? Please .
Please . Look . Here are the core classes . Everyone has to take them .
Look . Here are the core classes . Everyone has to take them . So I don't have to worry about them .
So I don't have to worry about them . You're catching on ! However , there are elective courses like wood shop , metal shop , home economics ...
You're catching on ! However , there are elective courses like wood shop , metal shop , home economics ... I'll take home economics .
Hi , Bob , this is John Lin . Hello , John .
Hello , John . I'm with Hartford public relations . I'd like to set up an appointment to come by and talk with you about our services .
Hi , Becky , what's up ? Not much , except that my mother-in-law is driving me up the wall .
Not much , except that my mother-in-law is driving me up the wall . What's the problem ?
What's the problem ? She loves to nit-pick and criticizes everything that I do . I can never do anything right when she ' s around .
She loves to nit-pick and criticizes everything that I do . I can never do anything right when she ' s around . For example ?
For example ? Well , last week I invited her over to dinner . My husband and I had no problem with the food , but if you listened to her , then it would seem like I fed her old meat and rotten vegetables . There's just nothing can please her .
Well , last week I invited her over to dinner . My husband and I had no problem with the food , but if you listened to her , then it would seem like I fed her old meat and rotten vegetables . There's just nothing can please her . No , I can't see that happening . I know you're a good cook and nothing like that would ever happen .
No , I can't see that happening . I know you're a good cook and nothing like that would ever happen . It's not just that . She also criticizes how we raise the kids .
Can you help me plan the office party ? Sure . What do you need the most help with , the food or entertainment ?
Sure . What do you need the most help with , the food or entertainment ? I need help with food .
I need help with food . OK , well , let's coordinate our efforts . Should this party be formal or casual ?
OK , well , let's coordinate our efforts . Should this party be formal or casual ? I think it should be casual .
I think it should be casual . I agree . Next , we have to decide on food . We have a choice of Chinese or Continental Cuisine . Which one should we have ?
I agree . Next , we have to decide on food . We have a choice of Chinese or Continental Cuisine . Which one should we have ? I would prefer Chinese food for this party .
I would prefer Chinese food for this party . Perfect choice . For music , should we have a live band or a DJ ?
Perfect choice . For music , should we have a live band or a DJ ? I think we should hire a live band .
Good morning . My name is Mr . Brown . I ' m from Australia . Here is my card . Thank you . I ' m pleased to meet you , Mr . Brown . My name is Kathy Pewless , the representative of Green Textile Import and Export Corporation .
Thank you . I ' m pleased to meet you , Mr . Brown . My name is Kathy Pewless , the representative of Green Textile Import and Export Corporation . Pleased to meet you too , Ms . Pewless . I travel a lot every year on business , but this is my first visit to your country . I must say I have been much impressed by your friendly people .
Pleased to meet you too , Ms . Pewless . I travel a lot every year on business , but this is my first visit to your country . I must say I have been much impressed by your friendly people . Thank you for saying so . Have you seen the exhibition halls ? On display are most of our products , such as silk , woolen knitwear , cotton piece goods , and garments .
Thank you for saying so . Have you seen the exhibition halls ? On display are most of our products , such as silk , woolen knitwear , cotton piece goods , and garments . Oh , yes . I had a look yesterday . I found some of the exhibits to be fine in quality and beautiful in design . The exhibition has successfully displayed to me what your corporation handles . I ' Ve gone over the catalogue and the pamphlets enclosed in your last letter . I ' Ve got some idea of your exports . I ' m interested in your silk blouses .
How was the movie last night ? I didn't really like it .
I didn't really like it . Mary said that she was really pleased with the photography .
Mary said that she was really pleased with the photography . I found it very disappointing .
I found it very disappointing . She liked the acting , too , because that's what she wanted to see .
She liked the acting , too , because that's what she wanted to see . I wasn't happy with it .
Hello ! Tomorrow I'm going to need a wake-up call . Not a problem . What time shall we call you ?
Not a problem . What time shall we call you ? I always hit the snooze button , so give me two calls , one at 7 and another at 7 fifteen .
I always hit the snooze button , so give me two calls , one at 7 and another at 7 fifteen . It'll be our pleasure . We'll call you at 7 and then at 7 fifteen .
It'll be our pleasure . We'll call you at 7 and then at 7 fifteen . Oops , cancel that . Change the second call to 7 thirty will you , please ?
Oops , cancel that . Change the second call to 7 thirty will you , please ? No sooner said than done . Can I help you with anything else ?
No sooner said than done . Can I help you with anything else ? No , that's about it for now . Thanks .
did you watch the Oscars on Sunday night ? no , but I heard about that Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt didn't attend .
no , but I heard about that Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt didn't attend . yes , that was surprising . I heard that they got into a fight and then decided not to go .
yes , that was surprising . I heard that they got into a fight and then decided not to go . they must be the most famous celebrity couple in Hollywood .
they must be the most famous celebrity couple in Hollywood . they're also one of the richest couples . They have so many money and they can buy almost anything they want .
they're also one of the richest couples . They have so many money and they can buy almost anything they want . I also heard that Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes made an appearance at the Oscars .
I also heard that Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes made an appearance at the Oscars . did either one of them win an Oscar this year ?
did either one of them win an Oscar this year ? I think Tom might have been nominated for one of his films , but I don't think he won anything .
I think Tom might have been nominated for one of his films , but I don't think he won anything . Tom Cruise may be handsome , but I think he's a bit crazy , don't you ?
Tom Cruise may be handsome , but I think he's a bit crazy , don't you ? yes , his marriage to Katie is actually quite scandalous .
yes , his marriage to Katie is actually quite scandalous . I still think that they only got married to get more publicity for their movies and themselves .
I still think that they only got married to get more publicity for their movies and themselves . people in show biz can have such an easy life ; I don't know why they have to make it so complicated .
people in show biz can have such an easy life ; I don't know why they have to make it so complicated . I would never want to be a celebrity because the paparazzi would also be after you .
I would never want to be a celebrity because the paparazzi would also be after you . that's true . I guess it would be difficult to have people taking pictures of you everywhere you go .
that's true . I guess it would be difficult to have people taking pictures of you everywhere you go . thank goodness we're not rich and famous !
You have been here for how long ? Four months now ? Yeah , about .
Yeah , about . Do you know Chinese better now ?
Do you know Chinese better now ? Oh , definitely . I remember , when I first arrived in Guangzhou , my girlfriend was haggling with a sales clerk over the price of a mobile phone .
Oh , definitely . I remember , when I first arrived in Guangzhou , my girlfriend was haggling with a sales clerk over the price of a mobile phone . Oh , yeah . Many Chinese like to bargain . It happens almost everywhere .
Oh , yeah . Many Chinese like to bargain . It happens almost everywhere . I mean , I understand that . But the speed of the conversation got faster and faster , until it seemed to me that they would fight . My perception of the tone was that it was a violent shouting match . The truth was that it was a perfectly normal conversation .
I mean , I understand that . But the speed of the conversation got faster and faster , until it seemed to me that they would fight . My perception of the tone was that it was a violent shouting match . The truth was that it was a perfectly normal conversation . A shouting match ? You ' re so funny . You must be exaggerating . I don ' t believe it .
A shouting match ? You ' re so funny . You must be exaggerating . I don ' t believe it . I am not exaggerating at all . I ' m telling you the truth . That was how I felt at that time .
I am not exaggerating at all . I ' m telling you the truth . That was how I felt at that time . Yes , perhaps . Chinese usually don ' t notice that sort of thing . Maybe it ' s quite natural to us .
Hello , is that Xiaogang Li who applied for the Solar Studio of our college ? Yes , speaking .
Yes , speaking . I want to know whether you will come to the interview . So have you accepted offers from other companies ?
Do you have experience in advertising ? Yes , I used to have a part-time job in advertising company .
Yes , I used to have a part-time job in advertising company . What were you mean duties there ?
What were you mean duties there ? I mostly did advertising planning .
I mostly did advertising planning . What qualities do you think an advertising planner should have ?
What qualities do you think an advertising planner should have ? I think an advertising planner should have active thoughts , creative talent , and be sensitive to the changes in the market .
I think an advertising planner should have active thoughts , creative talent , and be sensitive to the changes in the market . What was the most important thing you have learned at work ?
Bob ! Anne ! I haven't seen you for ages . How ' Ve you been ?
Anne ! I haven't seen you for ages . How ' Ve you been ? Fine , just fine . And you ?
Fine , just fine . And you ? Not bad . It really is great to see you again . Where have you been ?
Who's it knocking at the door ? I think it's the postman . Will you go and open the door ?
Are you ready for the camping trip ? All set . I've got my makeup , my Cds , and my portable TV set ...
All set . I've got my makeup , my Cds , and my portable TV set ... Hello ! We're supposed to be getting back to nature .
Hello ! We're supposed to be getting back to nature . Yeah , yeah . Anyway ... I'm packed . Are you ?
Yeah , yeah . Anyway ... I'm packed . Are you ? I've been packed for a week . All my stuff is in this backpack .
I've been packed for a week . All my stuff is in this backpack . Let me see ... two books ... birdseed ?
Let me see ... two books ... birdseed ? That's trail mix !
Hello , this is room 1205 . Our message lamp is flashing . Hold on a minute , please .
Hold on a minute , please . Thank you .
Thank you . I am sorry to have kept you waiting . Mr . Johns needs a telephone call from you .
I am sorry to have kept you waiting . Mr . Johns needs a telephone call from you . Would you bring the message to my room .
Would you bring the message to my room . I'm afraid we have nobody available at the moment .
I'm afraid we have nobody available at the moment . Then I'll come down and pick up the message immediately .
Could you change these for me , please ? What would you like ?
What would you like ? Twenties and some smaller bills , please .
Twenties and some smaller bills , please . Anything else ?
Have you ever shopped online ? Quite often . It is very convenient , saving me a lot of time .
Quite often . It is very convenient , saving me a lot of time . Do you have some experiences to share with me ? I want to have a try .
Do you have some experiences to share with me ? I want to have a try . You are asking the right person . Here are two very important tips . First , you need to visit no more than one site to find the best products and prices . I can recommend you some online merchants . Second , write your mail address correctly . Otherwise , you can ' t receive your delivery in time .
You are asking the right person . Here are two very important tips . First , you need to visit no more than one site to find the best products and prices . I can recommend you some online merchants . Second , write your mail address correctly . Otherwise , you can ' t receive your delivery in time . What about the registration procedure ? Is that complicated ?
What about the registration procedure ? Is that complicated ? Not at all . You just need to provide your name , address , e-mail address , phone number and bank or credit card information . I will help you with that .
How ' s it going ? I ' m fine . Thank you .
I ' m fine . Thank you . Do you need anything ?
Do you need anything ? I need you to help me .
I need you to help me . What can I do for you ?
What can I do for you ? I am looking for an article in a newspaper .
I am looking for an article in a newspaper . Did you check the periodicals ?
Did you check the periodicals ? I didn ' t even bother to think of that .
I didn ' t even bother to think of that . I ' ll show you where to find your article .
I ' ll show you where to find your article . I get lost in this library .
I get lost in this library . It ' s right this way .
How about going to the cinema tonight ? That's great . What's on tonight ?
That's great . What's on tonight ? I am not sure about the name of the film , but I know it's a romantic one .
I am not sure about the name of the film , but I know it's a romantic one . Romantic ? I am afraid I like thrillers better .
Romantic ? I am afraid I like thrillers better . Don't you think it's too bloody ?
The stepmother was very wicked . She couldn't stand a happy smile on the boy's face . And ?
And ? And she did her best to pull out the thorn in her flesh and the boy lost whatever made him happy .
Excuse me . I bought this shirt yesterday , but I would like to refund it . Gave me the receipt , please .
Gave me the receipt , please . Here is my receipt .
Here is my receipt . What's wrong with it ?
What's wrong with it ? It's too small for me to wear .
It's too small for me to wear . Would you like another bigger one ?
Would you like another bigger one ? No thanks . I want to have a refund .
When can you get the finished product to me ? We should have it put together by the end of next week .
We should have it put together by the end of next week . Great ! That ' ll be ahead of schedule ! Good work .
It's too hot to read . We'd better go out for a walk .
We'd better go out for a walk . Which season do you like best ?
Which season do you like best ? Spring .
Spring . How about summer ?
How about summer ? I dislike it most .
I dislike it most . Why ?
Why ? Because the hottest season is summer in a year .
Let's play chess . I haven't played chess for a long time .
I haven't played chess for a long time . That's all right , I'm a beginner . I've just learnt how to play .
That's all right , I'm a beginner . I've just learnt how to play . Look , there's a chessboard . Those two men have already finished playing .
Look , there's a chessboard . Those two men have already finished playing . You're a very good player
You're a very good player Not really , but once I won a prize .
Not really , but once I won a prize . So did I . I won a prize last week but it was a prize for beginners .
I guess I'm just a little nervous . I'm giving everything I have to invoking , and ... and what if it doesn't work out , right ?
and what if it doesn't work out , right ? Exactly .
Exactly . You need to quit thinking like a loser . invoking is going to kick butt . You know how I know ?
You need to quit thinking like a loser . invoking is going to kick butt . You know how I know ? How ?
How ? Because I won't let it fail .
Did you read the letter in the paper about smoking ? The person who wrote that must be crazy . I don ' t think so . I think the government should do everything it can to discourage people from smoking .
I don ' t think so . I think the government should do everything it can to discourage people from smoking . Maybe so . But a law banning cigarettes will do no good .
May I help you ? Give me a Big Mac , a small order of French fries and a medium Coke .
Give me a Big Mac , a small order of French fries and a medium Coke . You'll need to wait a few minutes for the fries . They are still in the fryer .
You'll need to wait a few minutes for the fries . They are still in the fryer . That's fine .
That's fine . Your total comes to $ 7 .
Your total comes to $ 7 . Here's a twenty . Could you give me some more napkins ?
Here's a twenty . Could you give me some more napkins ? Sure . Your cash back is $ 13 . And we'll bring out your fries in two minutes .
Good afternoon , madam . How can I help you ? Well , I am a bit out of shape . I'm thinking about getting some exercises to keep fit .
Well , I am a bit out of shape . I'm thinking about getting some exercises to keep fit . Oh , that's good news for us .
Oh , that's good news for us . So what do you provide ?
So what do you provide ? First of all , we'll design a custom-made work-out plan according to your habits .
First of all , we'll design a custom-made work-out plan according to your habits . How can you get that done ?
How can you get that done ? Well , we give each of our customers a personal trainer who is qualified . And he will give you a fitness assessment and then come up with the work-out plan for your needs .
Well , we give each of our customers a personal trainer who is qualified . And he will give you a fitness assessment and then come up with the work-out plan for your needs . What else ?
What else ? Since everyone is different , your personal trainer will find you a suitable type of exercise equipment and teach you all the techniques to help you achieve your fitness level and goal .
Since everyone is different , your personal trainer will find you a suitable type of exercise equipment and teach you all the techniques to help you achieve your fitness level and goal . Sounds pretty good . What about the charge ?
Sounds pretty good . What about the charge ? That depends . We offer membership for one month , half a year and one year .
That depends . We offer membership for one month , half a year and one year . Maybe one month . Just have a try first . Not too tough at the beginning .
May I help you , ma'ma ? Please , where do I catch the plane for New York ?
Please , where do I catch the plane for New York ? First you must check in at Counter No . 4 .
First you must check in at Counter No . 4 . That one there ?
That one there ? That's right . Then you will follow the signs to Gate 85 .
Hello . Can you tell me what the procedures of applying for a job are ? Yes , of course . There are many steps . You can apply for the job on the Internet and then send your resume to the e-mail address of the company . And wail the feedback of the company .
Yes , of course . There are many steps . You can apply for the job on the Internet and then send your resume to the e-mail address of the company . And wail the feedback of the company . What is the qualification needed by the position ?
Hi Joe , how are you doing today ? Things are going good today . How have you been doing , Mary ?
Things are going good today . How have you been doing , Mary ? Things are going well for me , Joe .
Things are going well for me , Joe . Want to go see a movie tonight ?
Want to go see a movie tonight ? My parents are taking me to dinner tonight .
My parents are taking me to dinner tonight . Could you go with me to the movies on Friday night , instead ?
Could you go with me to the movies on Friday night , instead ? What movie did you want to see ?
What movie did you want to see ? There is a new horror flick about a rapist serial killer .
There is a new horror flick about a rapist serial killer . I was thinking that I would like to see " The Secret Life of Bees . "
Hello ! I'm sorry to bother you . This is a complimentary fruit tray . Your food will be ready soon . Wow ! It's a fruit sculpture ! Your chef is a real artist !
Wow ! It's a fruit sculpture ! Your chef is a real artist ! Actually , uh , I made it myself ...
Actually , uh , I made it myself ... You did ? Wow ! Where did you learn ...
What game do you like ? I like board games . I like chinese chess and draughts .
I like board games . I like chinese chess and draughts . I ' Ve never played Chinese chess before , but I ' Ve seen old men playing it in the street . It looks complicated .
I ' Ve never played Chinese chess before , but I ' Ve seen old men playing it in the street . It looks complicated . It ' s about as complicated as chess . The basic rule and moves are simple enough , but there are many strategies that players need to learn .
It ' s about as complicated as chess . The basic rule and moves are simple enough , but there are many strategies that players need to learn . I like playing cards . I ' m pretty good at poker . Do you play cards ?
I like playing cards . I ' m pretty good at poker . Do you play cards ? I ' m terrible at cards and so I never play games which involve gambling , like poker . If I did , I ' d lose all my money .
I ' m terrible at cards and so I never play games which involve gambling , like poker . If I did , I ' d lose all my money . Do you play bridge ?
Do you play bridge ? Yes , I do . It ' s hard to find four players though , so I don ' t play very often . Do you know anyone who plays ? If so , we could set up a game .
Yes , I do . It ' s hard to find four players though , so I don ' t play very often . Do you know anyone who plays ? If so , we could set up a game . I can play quite well . I have a friend who likes playing , but she ' s not very good at it . Shall I invite her to play ?
I can play quite well . I have a friend who likes playing , but she ' s not very good at it . Shall I invite her to play ? Sure , I have a friend who play fairly well . We should find out when our friends are free and arrange a game .
Billy , you are late again . I'm sorry I'm late . I overslept . Is the manager here today ?
I'm sorry I'm late . I overslept . Is the manager here today ? Yes he ' s in his office .
Yes he ' s in his office . Oh , I hope he didn't notice me .
Oh , I hope he didn't notice me . Don't take any chances . It'd be best if you told him and promised not to be late again . He's already mad at you for last 2 times . Any more and he might fire you .
Don't take any chances . It'd be best if you told him and promised not to be late again . He's already mad at you for last 2 times . Any more and he might fire you . You said it . It won't happen again . Do you really think he'd fire me ?
You said it . It won't happen again . Do you really think he'd fire me ? I think he might . You'd better go to his office .
I think he might . You'd better go to his office . You are probably right . I'll go right now and apologize . I try hard not to be late but it is difficult with Beijing traffic .
What's wrong with you , young man ? Doctor , I have a bad cough and a headache .
Doctor , I have a bad cough and a headache . Do you have a fever ?
Do you have a fever ? I don't know , but I feel terrible .
I don't know , but I feel terrible . Let me examine you . Don't worry . It's nothing serious .
Let me examine you . Don't worry . It's nothing serious . Do you think I should lie in bed ?
Do you think I should lie in bed ? Yes , stay in bed and drink a lot of water . Your fever will be gone in a day or two .
Yes , stay in bed and drink a lot of water . Your fever will be gone in a day or two . OK . Do you think I can play football tomorrow ?
OK . Do you think I can play football tomorrow ? Of course not . You need a good rest .
Look , how grand magnificent the Tiananmen Gate tour is ! What's Tiananmen famous for ?
What's Tiananmen famous for ? It is largest pop square in the world . you see that is monument for the people's hero , and the Chairman Mao memorial hall on the south . there is great hall of the people on the west . there are two museums on the east .
It is largest pop square in the world . you see that is monument for the people's hero , and the Chairman Mao memorial hall on the south . there is great hall of the people on the west . there are two museums on the east . What's that ?
What's that ? That's the Forbidden city on the north of Gate building .
Excuse me , waiter , I would like to have some wine before the main course . Have you decided what wine you would like ?
Have you decided what wine you would like ? I have no idea . Maybe you can give me some advice .
I have no idea . Maybe you can give me some advice . I recommend you the white wine . It will wake up your appetite .
I'm going to go shopping for groceries in a little bit . Why , do we need groceries ?
Why , do we need groceries ? I believe we are all out of food .
I believe we are all out of food . Do you know what to get ?
Do you know what to get ? I don't know what we need .
I don't know what we need . Why don't you go and check the refrigerator ?
Why don't you go and check the refrigerator ? I would appreciate it if you would do that for me .
I would appreciate it if you would do that for me . Why don't you just get the basics ?
Why don't you just get the basics ? What do you mean ?
What do you mean ? Eggs , milk , bread . Things like that .
Eggs , milk , bread . Things like that . Go make that list .
Nice to meet you here . How come you dropped into this company today ? My boss sent me here to take some business documents back to his office . I didn't know you were working here . What a surprise . How long have you been doing this ?
My boss sent me here to take some business documents back to his office . I didn't know you were working here . What a surprise . How long have you been doing this ? Two years or so .
Two years or so . That is great . Do you have to work the night shift ?
That is great . Do you have to work the night shift ? No , in most cases I don't have to unless there is something urgent to deal with . I work five days a week .
No , in most cases I don't have to unless there is something urgent to deal with . I work five days a week . Do you enjoy work here ?
Do you enjoy work here ? It is hard to say . But I've to start by working as a trainee before I really become an experienced marketing assistant . Sometimes , I am really under great pressure when it gets busy .
It is hard to say . But I've to start by working as a trainee before I really become an experienced marketing assistant . Sometimes , I am really under great pressure when it gets busy . Take it easy . I'm sure you will gain enough experience while working as a marketing assistant . I hope you haven't been given much trouble in the job .
Take it easy . I'm sure you will gain enough experience while working as a marketing assistant . I hope you haven't been given much trouble in the job . Luckily not . The silent I meet are generally very friendly and have a good boss .
Listen , Karen , I need your help . I don't know anyone here yet . I'm glad to help you . What's wrong ?
I'm glad to help you . What's wrong ? My mother-in-law just went into the hospital in L . A . Hank and I will be flying there tonight .
My mother-in-law just went into the hospital in L . A . Hank and I will be flying there tonight . I'm sorry to hear it . What's wrong with her ?
I'm sorry to hear it . What's wrong with her ? Doctors aren't sure yet . But the real problem is Suzy . She has a bad cold , and we don't want to take her with us . But we don't know who can stay with her .
Doctors aren't sure yet . But the real problem is Suzy . She has a bad cold , and we don't want to take her with us . But we don't know who can stay with her . You need a babysitter .
You need a babysitter . Yes , I'd ask Jill , the girl I've had before , but I need someone overnight . Maybe even for two nights .
Yes , I'd ask Jill , the girl I've had before , but I need someone overnight . Maybe even for two nights . I could have Suzy stay at my place .
I could have Suzy stay at my place . I don't want to do that to you , Karen .
I don't want to do that to you , Karen . Why not ?
Why not ? Your own kids would get Suzy's cold . I think it would be better to have a good babysitter here . But I don't know who to ask . I need someone more mature than Jill . It might even be for two or three days .
Your own kids would get Suzy's cold . I think it would be better to have a good babysitter here . But I don't know who to ask . I need someone more mature than Jill . It might even be for two or three days . I know who we can ask . There is a girl I know , Sara Ralston . She is 17 , and she will usually take this kind of job . I know her from my church , and I trust her completely .
I know who we can ask . There is a girl I know , Sara Ralston . She is 17 , and she will usually take this kind of job . I know her from my church , and I trust her completely . I'd like to talk with her . This is short notice , I know . But Hank and I are leaving tonight .
I'd like to talk with her . This is short notice , I know . But Hank and I are leaving tonight . I'll get you her number . I hope she can do it . She is very responsible .
I'll get you her number . I hope she can do it . She is very responsible . I'm glad you know someone . I knew you would be the best person to ask about this . I don't want to insult Jill or her mother . I think Jill maybe could do it . But I'd rather have someone a little older .
I'm glad you know someone . I knew you would be the best person to ask about this . I don't want to insult Jill or her mother . I think Jill maybe could do it . But I'd rather have someone a little older . I'll go home and get Sara's number . I'll call her first myself .
I'm really in a flap about the interview . Take it easy . you ' Ve made enough preparations .
Take it easy . you ' Ve made enough preparations . I'm in such a need of the job that I can't afford any mistakes .
The plumbing in my new apartment is not working . I need you to tell me what the problem is .
I need you to tell me what the problem is . The bathroom sink is stopped up .
The bathroom sink is stopped up . Is the kitchen plumbing messed up also , or just the bathroom plumbing ?
Is the kitchen plumbing messed up also , or just the bathroom plumbing ? Just the bathroom plumbing seems to have a problem .
Just the bathroom plumbing seems to have a problem . Did this just start happening , or has it been going on for a while ?
Did this just start happening , or has it been going on for a while ? Everything worked beautifully until a few hours ago .
Everything worked beautifully until a few hours ago . Are you going to be home so I can come by and take a look at the problem ?
Are you going to be home so I can come by and take a look at the problem ? I am not sure if I will be home later .
Who are those guys ? Kobe Bryant and Shaquille O ' Neal , they are the Los Angeles Lakers ' star players .
Kobe Bryant and Shaquille O ' Neal , they are the Los Angeles Lakers ' star players . Oh .
Oh . Wait a second . He shoots , he scores !
Wait a second . He shoots , he scores ! All right !
All right ! Here comes Jordan , though .
Here comes Jordan , though . Wow , Michael Jordan ' s slam-dunks are beautiful things to watch .
Wow , Michael Jordan ' s slam-dunks are beautiful things to watch . Yeah . He ' s older , so he doesn ' t slam as much as he did when he was younger , but when he does , it ' s still amazing .
Yeah . He ' s older , so he doesn ' t slam as much as he did when he was younger , but when he does , it ' s still amazing . Which team do you think will win ?
I don't believe we've met . No , I don't think we have .
No , I don't think we have . My name is Gao Run .
My name is Gao Run . How do you do ? My name is James Green .
How do you do ? My name is James Green . Here's my name card .
Here's my name card . And here's mine .
And here's mine . It's nice to finally meet you .
House keeping . May I come in ? Come in please .
Come in please . Good evening , sir . I come to make the bed . Shall I do it now or later ?
Good evening , sir . I come to make the bed . Shall I do it now or later ? Well , since you have come , do it now please ?
Well , since you have come , do it now please ? That's all . Have a nice stay here .
That's all . Have a nice stay here . Thank you . Please get some soap for us .
Look , that bamboo groves are flourishing . Let's go and play there . Wait ! Look at that board , what's on it ?
Wait ! Look at that board , what's on it ? ' Please don't enter the bamboo groves . ' We're not allowed to go in .
' Please don't enter the bamboo groves . ' We're not allowed to go in . Then we'd better not go .
Did you set your clock forward for daylight savings time ? What ? Why do we have to do that ?
What ? Why do we have to do that ? Well , at the start of the spring we usually have more daylight in the mornings and less in the afternoon . This is basically due to our position on the planet and the rotation of the earth . In any case , to take better advantage of the daylight available , we compensate by moving our clocks forward one hour .
Well , at the start of the spring we usually have more daylight in the mornings and less in the afternoon . This is basically due to our position on the planet and the rotation of the earth . In any case , to take better advantage of the daylight available , we compensate by moving our clocks forward one hour . I see . That ' s convenient ! I never understood things like this , such as GMT . I never know what time zone we are in or when to change my clock !
I see . That ' s convenient ! I never understood things like this , such as GMT . I never know what time zone we are in or when to change my clock ! That just stands for Greenwich Mean Time . Here in California , we are in Pacific Standard Time , that is eight time zones west of Greenwich . Remember when we were in Beijing ? Well , then we were in China Standard Time , and that ' s eight time zones east of Greenwich !
Hello . This is Mrs . Wilson . I'd like to buy a new car . Could you offer me a new type of the car , please ? Oh , Madam , buy what ? A new car . And I've got a small family , two children , and I haven't got a lot of money and ...
Oh , Madam , buy what ? A new car . And I've got a small family , two children , and I haven't got a lot of money and ... Oh , oh , Madam , Madam , I'm afraid you have the wrong number .
A new car . And I've got a small family , two children , and I haven't got a lot of money and ... Oh , oh , Madam , Madam , I'm afraid you have the wrong number . Isn't this the car store ?
Oh , oh , Madam , Madam , I'm afraid you have the wrong number . Isn't this the car store ? No . It's Mike's Sporting Goods .
Isn't this the car store ? No . It's Mike's Sporting Goods . Oh , sorry . Do you know the number for a car store , then ?
No . It's Mike's Sporting Goods . Oh , sorry . Do you know the number for a car store , then ? No . I don't . I suggest you look in the phone book .
Oh , sorry . Do you know the number for a car store , then ? No . I don't . I suggest you look in the phone book . I'm sorry to have bothered you .
How do you get road news ? I've a driver mate in my car ! So you have all the news on broadcast ?
I was wondering if you could help me with something . Sure , anything you say . Actually , it ' s a little bit silly .
Sure , anything you say . Actually , it ' s a little bit silly . Don ' t worry about it , just ask .
Actually , it ' s a little bit silly . Don ' t worry about it , just ask . What words do I need to know to buy a pair of shoes ?
Don ' t worry about it , just ask . What words do I need to know to buy a pair of shoes ? You need to know the type of shoes you want .
What words do I need to know to buy a pair of shoes ? You need to know the type of shoes you want . Don ' t worry about that . I can point it out in the store .
You need to know the type of shoes you want . Don ' t worry about that . I can point it out in the store . The shoes can be comfortable or not comfortable , too wide , too narrow , or just right ; and long or short . In girls shoes , the heel can be high or low .
Do you want some dessert ? No , thank you . Check , please . Wait a moment . I will calculate it for you . Your bill comes to $ 36 .
Why'd you pull me over ? Are you aware that you drove through a red light ? I ran a red light ?
Are you aware that you drove through a red light ? I ran a red light ? Yes , you did .
I ran a red light ? Yes , you did . I apologize , but I didn't realize that I did .
Yes , you did . I apologize , but I didn't realize that I did . Weren't you taught that yellow means slow down , not speed up ?
I apologize , but I didn't realize that I did . Weren't you taught that yellow means slow down , not speed up ? I did learn that .
Weren't you taught that yellow means slow down , not speed up ? I did learn that . So , then why did you speed up ?
I did learn that . So , then why did you speed up ? I don't know what to tell you .
So , then why did you speed up ? I don't know what to tell you . I'm going to have to write you a ticket .
I don't know what to tell you . I'm going to have to write you a ticket . I understand .
What are the factors that have great impact on the perspective of this corporation ? External factors . I think the main external factors are political , economic , social and technological factors . What are the internal factors that influence the company ?
Can you tell me where the pots and pans are ? Pots and pans are right over there . Oh , thank you .
Pots and pans are right over there . Oh , thank you . Could I interest you in our store credit card ?
Oh , thank you . Could I interest you in our store credit card ? No , thanks . I already have credit cards .
Could I interest you in our store credit card ? No , thanks . I already have credit cards . But our credit card saves you 10 percent .
No , thanks . I already have credit cards . But our credit card saves you 10 percent . That's a nice discount .
But our credit card saves you 10 percent . That's a nice discount . Here . Let me give you an application form .
That's a nice discount . Here . Let me give you an application form . Thank you , but I'm just browsing today .
Would you come to spend the weekend with us ? Oh , I ' m afraid I can ' t . I ' Ve had a date already . That ' s too bad .
Excuse me . I have an appointment with Mr . Li at nine . May I come in ? Yes , come in please . I am Mr . Li . You must be My Liu , right ? Yes , I am My Liu . Thanks .
Yes , come in please . I am Mr . Li . You must be My Liu , right ? Yes , I am My Liu . Thanks . I'd like to start this interview with some questions . Why do you think you are qualified for this position ?
Yes , I am My Liu . Thanks . I'd like to start this interview with some questions . Why do you think you are qualified for this position ? According to your advertisement , you want an experienced software engineer . I think my background meets the requirement of this position .
I'd like to start this interview with some questions . Why do you think you are qualified for this position ? According to your advertisement , you want an experienced software engineer . I think my background meets the requirement of this position . Then tell me something about your background .
According to your advertisement , you want an experienced software engineer . I think my background meets the requirement of this position . Then tell me something about your background . My major was computer science when I was at college , and I am quite familiar with Visual C + + and Java language .
Then tell me something about your background . My major was computer science when I was at college , and I am quite familiar with Visual C + + and Java language . Well , what do you think about the development in computers ?
My major was computer science when I was at college , and I am quite familiar with Visual C + + and Java language . Well , what do you think about the development in computers ? The developments in software are going ahead very quickly and more and more problems are resolved by software . In some regions , the hardware is completely replaced by software . So I think the software industry has a great future .
Well , what do you think about the development in computers ? The developments in software are going ahead very quickly and more and more problems are resolved by software . In some regions , the hardware is completely replaced by software . So I think the software industry has a great future . Have you ever designed any programs concerning network ?
The developments in software are going ahead very quickly and more and more problems are resolved by software . In some regions , the hardware is completely replaced by software . So I think the software industry has a great future . Have you ever designed any programs concerning network ? Yes , I have designed some programs for the network with Visual C + + and I have passed the test for programmers - MUSE .
Have you ever designed any programs concerning network ? Yes , I have designed some programs for the network with Visual C + + and I have passed the test for programmers - MUSE . Have you got anything to ask me ?
Yes , I have designed some programs for the network with Visual C + + and I have passed the test for programmers - MUSE . Have you got anything to ask me ? Yes , can you tell me what's my responsibility in this position ?
Have you got anything to ask me ? Yes , can you tell me what's my responsibility in this position ? Yes , of course . You would be responsible for the development of software products .
Yes , can you tell me what's my responsibility in this position ? Yes , of course . You would be responsible for the development of software products . I see . This is my advantage .
Yes , of course . You would be responsible for the development of software products . I see . This is my advantage . Good . Have you got any other questions ?
I see . This is my advantage . Good . Have you got any other questions ? No .
Good . Have you got any other questions ? No . Ok , I will contact you in a week . See you .
Bother the flies ! Where do they come from ? I don't know . Something rotten here ?
I need to stop eating such unhealthy foods . I know what you mean . I've started eating better myself . What foods do you eat now ?
I know what you mean . I've started eating better myself . What foods do you eat now ? I tend to stick to fruits , vegetables , and chicken .
What foods do you eat now ? I tend to stick to fruits , vegetables , and chicken . Those are the only things you eat ?
I tend to stick to fruits , vegetables , and chicken . Those are the only things you eat ? That's basically what I eat .
Those are the only things you eat ? That's basically what I eat . Why aren't you eating anything else ?
That's basically what I eat . Why aren't you eating anything else ? Well , fruits and vegetables are very healthy .
Why aren't you eating anything else ? Well , fruits and vegetables are very healthy . And the chicken ?
Well , fruits and vegetables are very healthy . And the chicken ? It's really healthy to eat when you bake it .
Good morning . May I help you ? Yes , I'd like to check out now . My name's Adams , room 312 . Here's the key . One moment , please , sir . ... Here's your bill . Would you like to check and see if the amount is correct ?
Yes , I'd like to check out now . My name's Adams , room 312 . Here's the key . One moment , please , sir . ... Here's your bill . Would you like to check and see if the amount is correct ? What's the 14 pounds for ?
One moment , please , sir . ... Here's your bill . Would you like to check and see if the amount is correct ? What's the 14 pounds for ? That's for the phone calls you made from your room .
What's the 14 pounds for ? That's for the phone calls you made from your room . Can I pay with traveller's cheques ?
That's for the phone calls you made from your room . Can I pay with traveller's cheques ? Certainly . May I have your passport , please ?
Can I pay with traveller's cheques ? Certainly . May I have your passport , please ? Here you are .
Certainly . May I have your passport , please ? Here you are . Could you sign each cheque here for me ?
Here you are . Could you sign each cheque here for me ? Sure .
Could you sign each cheque here for me ? Sure . Here are your receipt and your change , sir . Thank you .
Hello , ma ' am , can I help you find something ? Yes , actually I ' m looking to buy a camera . We ' Ve got a wide selection do you know if you ' d like a point-and-shoot , or something a little fancier ? Are you shopping for yourself or for someone else ?
Yes , actually I ' m looking to buy a camera . We ' Ve got a wide selection do you know if you ' d like a point-and-shoot , or something a little fancier ? Are you shopping for yourself or for someone else ? Actually I ' m buying a camera for my husband .
We ' Ve got a wide selection do you know if you ' d like a point-and-shoot , or something a little fancier ? Are you shopping for yourself or for someone else ? Actually I ' m buying a camera for my husband . Ah , well then I ' d recommend a nice entry-level digital SLR .
Actually I ' m buying a camera for my husband . Ah , well then I ' d recommend a nice entry-level digital SLR . Yeah ? Can I take a look at the Sirs you carry ?
Ah , well then I ' d recommend a nice entry-level digital SLR . Yeah ? Can I take a look at the Sirs you carry ? Sure thing , follow me . This here is the .
Yeah ? Can I take a look at the Sirs you carry ? Sure thing , follow me . This here is the . The Canon Eos . Yeah it ' s ok , but I ' m looking for something that performs better in low light , has a better display panel , and longer battery life .
Sure thing , follow me . This here is the . The Canon Eos . Yeah it ' s ok , but I ' m looking for something that performs better in low light , has a better display panel , and longer battery life . Oh , ah , um the Nikon D60 is a nice option .
The Canon Eos . Yeah it ' s ok , but I ' m looking for something that performs better in low light , has a better display panel , and longer battery life . Oh , ah , um the Nikon D60 is a nice option . Yeah , but what kit lens does this camera come with ? I don ' t want some bulky telephoto lens .
Oh , ah , um the Nikon D60 is a nice option . Yeah , but what kit lens does this camera come with ? I don ' t want some bulky telephoto lens . Oh , well this one has the , uh .
Yeah , but what kit lens does this camera come with ? I don ' t want some bulky telephoto lens . Oh , well this one has the , uh . Looks to me like an 18-55 mm lens . pretty standard , that will do . Not like my husband will be stalking celebrities or anything !
Oh , well this one has the , uh . Looks to me like an 18-55 mm lens . pretty standard , that will do . Not like my husband will be stalking celebrities or anything ! So , ahem , can I interest you in any acc ...
Looks to me like an 18-55 mm lens . pretty standard , that will do . Not like my husband will be stalking celebrities or anything ! So , ahem , can I interest you in any acc ... Accessories ? Do you carry polarizing filters ?
So , ahem , can I interest you in any acc ... Accessories ? Do you carry polarizing filters ? Polarizing filter um we should ! I ' m sorry , ma ' am . It looks like we ' re sold out .
Accessories ? Do you carry polarizing filters ? Polarizing filter um we should ! I ' m sorry , ma ' am . It looks like we ' re sold out . No you ' re not ! There are some right here !
Polarizing filter um we should ! I ' m sorry , ma ' am . It looks like we ' re sold out . No you ' re not ! There are some right here ! Oh , well , would you look at that ! Polarizing filters .
No you ' re not ! There are some right here ! Oh , well , would you look at that ! Polarizing filters . Thanks for your help , Ralph !
How's the bride-to-be ? Tired and stressed . This wedding is giving me a headache . Just relax . With me as your maid of honor , everything will be fine !
Tired and stressed . This wedding is giving me a headache . Just relax . With me as your maid of honor , everything will be fine ! I'm worried that everything will be chaotic !
Just relax . With me as your maid of honor , everything will be fine ! I'm worried that everything will be chaotic ! Hey ! I'm the tour guide . I'll take care of the Taiwanese guests .
I'm worried that everything will be chaotic ! Hey ! I'm the tour guide . I'll take care of the Taiwanese guests . You're going to have to tell them what to do in church , what everything means ...
Honey , I have something important to say . Something important ? Yes . I have just booked two tickets .
Something important ? Yes . I have just booked two tickets . Tickets ? What tickets ?
Yes . I have just booked two tickets . Tickets ? What tickets ? Two air tickets .
Tickets ? What tickets ? Two air tickets . Air tickets ?
Two air tickets . Air tickets ? Yes . We will fly to Paris the day after tomorrow .
Air tickets ? Yes . We will fly to Paris the day after tomorrow . We ? The day after tomorrow ? What are you talking about ?
Yes . We will fly to Paris the day after tomorrow . We ? The day after tomorrow ? What are you talking about ? Today is June 18 , isn ' t it ?
We ? The day after tomorrow ? What are you talking about ? Today is June 18 , isn ' t it ? Yes . So ?
Today is June 18 , isn ' t it ? Yes . So ? Think about it !
Yes . So ? Think about it ! Then it is June 20 the day after tomorrow .
Think about it ! Then it is June 20 the day after tomorrow . Yes . Think about it carefully .
Then it is June 20 the day after tomorrow . Yes . Think about it carefully . Oh , come on . Tell me please . Why did you book tickets to Paris ?
Yes . Think about it carefully . Oh , come on . Tell me please . Why did you book tickets to Paris ? Oh , honey ! Don ' t you remember this important day to us ?
Oh , come on . Tell me please . Why did you book tickets to Paris ? Oh , honey ! Don ' t you remember this important day to us ? Sorry .
Oh , honey ! Don ' t you remember this important day to us ? Sorry . It is our 10th wedding anniversary this June 20 .
Sorry . It is our 10th wedding anniversary this June 20 . Our 10th wedding anniversary ?
It is our 10th wedding anniversary this June 20 . Our 10th wedding anniversary ? Of course . You completely forgot it .
Our 10th wedding anniversary ? Of course . You completely forgot it . Darling . I think you have made a mistake .
Of course . You completely forgot it . Darling . I think you have made a mistake . I have made a mistake ?
Darling . I think you have made a mistake . I have made a mistake ? Yes . We married on July 20 ten years ago .
I have made a mistake ? Yes . We married on July 20 ten years ago . July 20 ? But I think it should be June 20 .
Yes . We married on July 20 ten years ago . July 20 ? But I think it should be June 20 . Yes . We had planned to marry on June 20 , but something happened , so we had to put off our wedding day .
July 20 ? But I think it should be June 20 . Yes . We had planned to marry on June 20 , but something happened , so we had to put off our wedding day . Yes . I remember now . We put it off . I did make a mistake . But how shall we deal with the tickets ?
It's quit a big cafeteria , isn't it ? Sure . I usually have my lunch here . The food is tasty and they offer a big variety . Let's line up . The steak is very inviting . I'll have it .
Sure . I usually have my lunch here . The food is tasty and they offer a big variety . Let's line up . The steak is very inviting . I'll have it . I'll have ham and egg with French fries . What dessert do you want ?
Let's line up . The steak is very inviting . I'll have it . I'll have ham and egg with French fries . What dessert do you want ? Banana pie .
I'll have ham and egg with French fries . What dessert do you want ? Banana pie . Where shall we sit ?
Good afternoon . Can I help you ? I need some remedies for an upset stomach . Are you also suffering from pain and fever ?
I need some remedies for an upset stomach . Are you also suffering from pain and fever ? Yes , and I also have the runs
Are you also suffering from pain and fever ? Yes , and I also have the runs I'll give you some tablets that should make you feel better . One moment , please . Here you are . Take these tablets three times a day swallow them with water .
Yes , and I also have the runs I'll give you some tablets that should make you feel better . One moment , please . Here you are . Take these tablets three times a day swallow them with water . When should I take them ?
I'll give you some tablets that should make you feel better . One moment , please . Here you are . Take these tablets three times a day swallow them with water . When should I take them ? Take on after each meal .
When should I take them ? Take on after each meal . How long should I continue taking them ?
Take on after each meal . How long should I continue taking them ? Take them for two days . If your symptoms persist for more than two days , you should see a doctor Also , be sure to drink plenty of water to prevent dehydration .
Hi , Dan . What's new ? Where have you been ? I've been trying to get in touch with you for two days . I went to Salt Lake City on business . What's up ?
Where have you been ? I've been trying to get in touch with you for two days . I went to Salt Lake City on business . What's up ? I got fired .
I went to Salt Lake City on business . What's up ? I got fired . How come ? Last time I saw you . You told me it was a good job , and you'd like to take it as a career . That was only one month ago . Why this sudden change ?
I got fired . How come ? Last time I saw you . You told me it was a good job , and you'd like to take it as a career . That was only one month ago . Why this sudden change ? It's a long story . In a word , I didn't do a good job of it . I messed up a business deal , a deal that would have made ten million dollars and I messed it up .
How come ? Last time I saw you . You told me it was a good job , and you'd like to take it as a career . That was only one month ago . Why this sudden change ? It's a long story . In a word , I didn't do a good job of it . I messed up a business deal , a deal that would have made ten million dollars and I messed it up . What are you going to do now ?
It's a long story . In a word , I didn't do a good job of it . I messed up a business deal , a deal that would have made ten million dollars and I messed it up . What are you going to do now ? I am trying to find a job asap . Lily doesn't know yet . I didn't tell her . I spent the past three days at the coffee shop next to your office , and she thought I went to work as usual .
What are you going to do now ? I am trying to find a job asap . Lily doesn't know yet . I didn't tell her . I spent the past three days at the coffee shop next to your office , and she thought I went to work as usual . That's not the way to solve the problem . Did you look in the classified advertisements column ?
I am trying to find a job asap . Lily doesn't know yet . I didn't tell her . I spent the past three days at the coffee shop next to your office , and she thought I went to work as usual . That's not the way to solve the problem . Did you look in the classified advertisements column ? Yes , I did . But I wasn't qualified for most of the jobs that I was interested in .
That's not the way to solve the problem . Did you look in the classified advertisements column ? Yes , I did . But I wasn't qualified for most of the jobs that I was interested in . Listen . I will see what I can do , ok ? You go home and tell Lily about this problem you have now . She is your wife and I am sure she will understand .
Let's program your courses . Since you have had English literature , you should take American literature and American prose and fiction . You transcript indicate that your English background is strong , so I don't think you have any problem with it . How many credits for each course ? Three , you also should take two three-credit-course in education department .
Excuse me , does this bus go to the new bookstore ? No , you'll have to get off at the bank , and take a No . 50 . Thank you . How much is the fare to that stop ?
No , you'll have to get off at the bank , and take a No . 50 . Thank you . How much is the fare to that stop ? One dollar .
Thank you . How much is the fare to that stop ? One dollar . How many stops are there ?
One dollar . How many stops are there ? Two stops after this one .
How many stops are there ? Two stops after this one . Could you please tell me when we get there ?
Two stops after this one . Could you please tell me when we get there ? Sure .
Could you please tell me when we get there ? Sure . By the way , do I need a transfer again after No . 50 ?
Sure . By the way , do I need a transfer again after No . 50 ? No , a No . 50 will take you right there .
I will take it . How much ? $ 60 . I am sure you can do better than that .
$ 60 . I am sure you can do better than that . Sorry , sir . It's the sale price .
I am sure you can do better than that . Sorry , sir . It's the sale price . Well , what about $ 70 with a scarf ?
We have made some adjustment on the prices . And this is renewed price list . Thank you for allowing us 3 % reduction , but still we find your price is on the high side . This is our rock-bottom price , and we can't make any further reduction .
Thank you for allowing us 3 % reduction , but still we find your price is on the high side . This is our rock-bottom price , and we can't make any further reduction . If so , we find it difficult for us to go on with our talks .
This is our rock-bottom price , and we can't make any further reduction . If so , we find it difficult for us to go on with our talks . Then what ' s your counter-offer ?
If so , we find it difficult for us to go on with our talks . Then what ' s your counter-offer ? This is our counter-offer .
Then what ' s your counter-offer ? This is our counter-offer . We are sincere to make business with you , but the difference between your counter-offer and our price is too great .
This is our counter-offer . We are sincere to make business with you , but the difference between your counter-offer and our price is too great . So are we . Our counter-offer is in line with the world market .
We are sincere to make business with you , but the difference between your counter-offer and our price is too great . So are we . Our counter-offer is in line with the world market . How about meeting each other half-way in order to conclude the business ?
Hello , sir , what can I do for you today ? Hello , I need a new suit . I have an important interview next week , so I really need to look sharp . No problem ! We have a broad selection of suits , all tailored made so that it will fit perfectly .
Hello , I need a new suit . I have an important interview next week , so I really need to look sharp . No problem ! We have a broad selection of suits , all tailored made so that it will fit perfectly . Great ! I want a three piece suit , preferably made from Italian cashmere or wool .
No problem ! We have a broad selection of suits , all tailored made so that it will fit perfectly . Great ! I want a three piece suit , preferably made from Italian cashmere or wool . Very well sir . Would you like to have some shirts made also ?
Great ! I want a three piece suit , preferably made from Italian cashmere or wool . Very well sir . Would you like to have some shirts made also ? Sure . I ' ll also take some silver cuff link and a pair of silk ties .
How much will my pay be , if you don ' t mind my asking ? We would like to start you off at 1,500 yuan a month , not including bonus and overtime pay . We don ' t give bonus every month , but we offer a semi-annual bonus . And you will receive two weeks paid vacation a year , as well . Does it suit you ? Yes , thank you . May I ask for an apartment ?
May I have a look at that vase , please ? Of course . It's the best one I have here---and it's only 300 yuan . Oh , it's really nice , but to tell the truth , that's far too expensive .
Welcome to China , Mr . Smith . Thank you . So pleasant to meet you here ! I heard that you are interested in our silk skirts and new style of coats .
Thank you . So pleasant to meet you here ! I heard that you are interested in our silk skirts and new style of coats . Yes , I've brought a list of your recent products with me . We'd like to import some of your latest clothes for the second half of this year . We're ready to place an order with you .
I heard that you are interested in our silk skirts and new style of coats . Yes , I've brought a list of your recent products with me . We'd like to import some of your latest clothes for the second half of this year . We're ready to place an order with you . Great ! B , most of the items listed are available this year . I hope we can come to an agreement and sign the contracts , so as to enable our timely delivery .
Yes , I've brought a list of your recent products with me . We'd like to import some of your latest clothes for the second half of this year . We're ready to place an order with you . Great ! B , most of the items listed are available this year . I hope we can come to an agreement and sign the contracts , so as to enable our timely delivery . That sounds good . But I have a proposal now .
Great ! B , most of the items listed are available this year . I hope we can come to an agreement and sign the contracts , so as to enable our timely delivery . That sounds good . But I have a proposal now . What's the proposal ?
That sounds good . But I have a proposal now . What's the proposal ? Both of our two parties were involved in the discussion previously . Shall we also allow some of our clients to join us ?
What's the proposal ? Both of our two parties were involved in the discussion previously . Shall we also allow some of our clients to join us ? Good idea ! In this way , our clients ' needs will be met and disagreements between the two parties avoided .
Are you free tomorrow night ? Yes , I am . Shall we have dinner together ?
Yes , I am . Shall we have dinner together ? Do you have a special restaurant in mind ?
Shall we have dinner together ? Do you have a special restaurant in mind ? Yes , I do . I know a place that has excellent food .
I heard you've found a new job . Yes , I'm now working in a company . So you're quite happy with your new job ?
Hi , Tina , I ' Ve got good news . I have successfully passed the first two rounds of interview with ABC Company . They informed me to go to the final round next Monday . It looks very promising . That is awesome . Congratulation ! I know you can make it . Thanks . Let ' s go for a celebration this evening . Are you free ?
That is awesome . Congratulation ! I know you can make it . Thanks . Let ' s go for a celebration this evening . Are you free ? Yes . Wait for me at the cafe down my office building . See 5PM , ok ?
Thanks . Let ' s go for a celebration this evening . Are you free ? Yes . Wait for me at the cafe down my office building . See 5PM , ok ? No problem . See you !
Sarah , what did you do today ? I went shopping . Did you buy anything ?
I went shopping . Did you buy anything ? Yes , I bought a few things .
Did you buy anything ? Yes , I bought a few things . What did you buy ?
Yes , I bought a few things . What did you buy ? I bought this coat . Do you like it ?
What did you buy ? I bought this coat . Do you like it ? Yeah , I like it a lot . It's very pretty . Where did you buy it ?
I bought this coat . Do you like it ? Yeah , I like it a lot . It's very pretty . Where did you buy it ? At the mall on 5th street .
Yeah , I like it a lot . It's very pretty . Where did you buy it ? At the mall on 5th street . Was it expensive ?
At the mall on 5th street . Was it expensive ? No , it wasn't expensive . It was on sale for 20 dollars .
Was it expensive ? No , it wasn't expensive . It was on sale for 20 dollars . That's cheap .
No , it wasn't expensive . It was on sale for 20 dollars . That's cheap . I know . It was a really good deal .
Hi , Victor . How are you ? Oh , I'm fine . So , are you going to go to class tonight ?
Oh , I'm fine . So , are you going to go to class tonight ? Maybe ... but I don't think so .
So , are you going to go to class tonight ? Maybe ... but I don't think so . Really ? What's the matter ?
Maybe ... but I don't think so . Really ? What's the matter ? I don't know . I'm just feeling a little sad .
Really ? What's the matter ? I don't know . I'm just feeling a little sad . Listen . Come with me to class , and after class we can go out for dinner .
Are you interested in history ? Yes , I am . I enjoyed studying it at school , though I had trouble remembering all the dates , so my teacher never gave me good marks . I love history , but I ' Ve always thought that learning the reasons behind events is more important than remembering exactly when they happened .
Yes , I am . I enjoyed studying it at school , though I had trouble remembering all the dates , so my teacher never gave me good marks . I love history , but I ' Ve always thought that learning the reasons behind events is more important than remembering exactly when they happened . I wish you had been my history teacher ! I might have got better marks !
I love history , but I ' Ve always thought that learning the reasons behind events is more important than remembering exactly when they happened . I wish you had been my history teacher ! I might have got better marks ! Some people say that history repeats itself .
I wish you had been my history teacher ! I might have got better marks ! Some people say that history repeats itself . What does that mean ? The same events never happen twice , do they ?
Some people say that history repeats itself . What does that mean ? The same events never happen twice , do they ? The idea is that the people and dates change , but the reason why things happen stay the same .
I ' d like to apply for a personal loan . How much would you like to borrow ? A thousand dollars .
How much would you like to borrow ? A thousand dollars . Let me check with a credit manager . A record show your credit reading is quite high . I don't think you have any problems .
A thousand dollars . Let me check with a credit manager . A record show your credit reading is quite high . I don't think you have any problems . What ' s the current interest rate ?
Doris , I'm glad you're home . I'm terrified . I don't know what to do ! What is it ? What happened ? I think someone is stalking me .
What is it ? What happened ? I think someone is stalking me . No , it can't be . Really ? Who ?
I think someone is stalking me . No , it can't be . Really ? Who ? I don't know . I saw him the first time Tuesday . He was at the cafe . I noticed he was looking at me a lot . Not just the usual looking , but staring . He just kept staring at me . He didn't stop .
No , it can't be . Really ? Who ? I don't know . I saw him the first time Tuesday . He was at the cafe . I noticed he was looking at me a lot . Not just the usual looking , but staring . He just kept staring at me . He didn't stop . What did you do ?
I don't know . I saw him the first time Tuesday . He was at the cafe . I noticed he was looking at me a lot . Not just the usual looking , but staring . He just kept staring at me . He didn't stop . What did you do ? I didn't do anything . Finally , he left . But then I saw him again today . Outside the shoe store . Near the cafe . I went into a CD store and pretended I was looking at CD's . But then he came in too .
What did you do ? I didn't do anything . Finally , he left . But then I saw him again today . Outside the shoe store . Near the cafe . I went into a CD store and pretended I was looking at CD's . But then he came in too . Did he leave when you left ?
I didn't do anything . Finally , he left . But then I saw him again today . Outside the shoe store . Near the cafe . I went into a CD store and pretended I was looking at CD's . But then he came in too . Did he leave when you left ? Yes . Then I noticed he was on the sidewalk behind me . He was following me .
Hi , who has the remote control ? I do . Why , do you want me to change the channel ? Yes , please . I can't stand watching the channel any more .
I do . Why , do you want me to change the channel ? Yes , please . I can't stand watching the channel any more . I think they have pretty good programmes . But I'll change it if you really want .
Yes , please . I can't stand watching the channel any more . I think they have pretty good programmes . But I'll change it if you really want . Put it on Channel 5 , OK ?
I think they have pretty good programmes . But I'll change it if you really want . Put it on Channel 5 , OK ? Oh , I hate Channel 5 . I'd rather just listen to the radio .
Put it on Channel 5 , OK ? Oh , I hate Channel 5 . I'd rather just listen to the radio . Don't make such a fuss . I'm sure you will like today's programme .
Oh , I hate Channel 5 . I'd rather just listen to the radio . Don't make such a fuss . I'm sure you will like today's programme . What's on today ?
Don't make such a fuss . I'm sure you will like today's programme . What's on today ? A basketball match between Chinese team and American team .
What's on today ? A basketball match between Chinese team and American team . Really ? I'm interested in it .
What's the weather forecast for today ? Cloudy in the morning , overcast in the afternoon . Any rain ?
Cloudy in the morning , overcast in the afternoon . Any rain ? No , but I wouldn't be surprised if it rained tomorrow .
So , Paula , where are you from ? I'm from Canada , originally . From Canada ? Where were you born ?
I'm from Canada , originally . From Canada ? Where were you born ? Montreal .
From Canada ? Where were you born ? Montreal . When did you come to Los Angeles ?
Montreal . When did you come to Los Angeles ? We moved here when I was fourteen .
When did you come to Los Angeles ? We moved here when I was fourteen . Did you go to school here ?
We moved here when I was fourteen . Did you go to school here ? Well , I went to high school here , but I went to college in Texas .
Did you go to school here ? Well , I went to high school here , but I went to college in Texas . Did you get a job right after graduation ?
Well , I went to high school here , but I went to college in Texas . Did you get a job right after graduation ? No , I traveled for a while in Europe after college , and then I lived in France .
Did you get a job right after graduation ? No , I traveled for a while in Europe after college , and then I lived in France . When was that ?
No , I traveled for a while in Europe after college , and then I lived in France . When was that ? Let's see ... That was about six years ago .
When was that ? Let's see ... That was about six years ago . I bet that was interesting . What did you do there ?
Hello , Sir . So , you are back ? Yes , hello again . I would like to know the exact difference between Dividend Deposit and Dividend Participated Deposit . That's pretty easy to explain . With the Deposit , the interest is fixed , but the Dividend of each policy will be transferred automatically into your bank account by the end of each year . The longer the term , the higher the Dividend you earn . This is because it is calculated at the Compound Interest Rate .
Yes , hello again . I would like to know the exact difference between Dividend Deposit and Dividend Participated Deposit . That's pretty easy to explain . With the Deposit , the interest is fixed , but the Dividend of each policy will be transferred automatically into your bank account by the end of each year . The longer the term , the higher the Dividend you earn . This is because it is calculated at the Compound Interest Rate . And I can purchase that here ?
I can't believe how hot it is . It's not even noon yet . That means it will get hotter .
It's not even noon yet . That means it will get hotter . I am dying from the heat .
That means it will get hotter . I am dying from the heat . Turn on the air conditioner .
I am dying from the heat . Turn on the air conditioner . It doesn't work .
Turn on the air conditioner . It doesn't work . What happened ?
It doesn't work . What happened ? I don't know .
What happened ? I don't know . Did you call the repairman ?
I don't know . Did you call the repairman ? Of course .
Did you call the repairman ? Of course . When is he coming ?
The Phoenix team overpowered its counterpart 86 to 50 . They're absolutely right to get a replacement for 21 . If the Phoenix beats the Rocket , it will enter the final .
Please tell me how to file things according to the concerned rules . Well , all right . There are four points you should keep in mind when you file documents , information and other things . What are they ?
Well , all right . There are four points you should keep in mind when you file documents , information and other things . What are they ? They are keep the documents in chronological order , remove all the chips and pins , punch the documents evenly and place them in the folder .
What are they ? They are keep the documents in chronological order , remove all the chips and pins , punch the documents evenly and place them in the folder . And what is the most important point ?
May I come in ? Yes , please . I ' m Mr . Peter , the Director of Personnel . What can I do for you ? Nice to meet you , Mr . Peter . I ' m Wang Sian . I ' Ve come for an interview as requested .
Yes , please . I ' m Mr . Peter , the Director of Personnel . What can I do for you ? Nice to meet you , Mr . Peter . I ' m Wang Sian . I ' Ve come for an interview as requested . Oh , yes . How do you do , Miss Wang ? Sit down , please .
Nice to meet you , Mr . Peter . I ' m Wang Sian . I ' Ve come for an interview as requested . Oh , yes . How do you do , Miss Wang ? Sit down , please . Thank you .
Oh , yes . How do you do , Miss Wang ? Sit down , please . Thank you . What was your major in school ?
Thank you . What was your major in school ? I majored in Public Relations .
What was your major in school ? I majored in Public Relations . Have you done any work in this field ?
I majored in Public Relations . Have you done any work in this field ? Yes , after my graduation , I worked in a trade company in Macao for one year .
Have you done any work in this field ? Yes , after my graduation , I worked in a trade company in Macao for one year . What section did you work in ?
Yes , after my graduation , I worked in a trade company in Macao for one year . What section did you work in ? The export Business Section .
What section did you work in ? The export Business Section . So you must be very familiar with export procedures .
The export Business Section . So you must be very familiar with export procedures . Yes , very much .
Why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend ? Sorry , I thought you knew . But you should tell me you were in love with her .
Sorry , I thought you knew . But you should tell me you were in love with her . Didn't I ?
But you should tell me you were in love with her . Didn't I ? You know you didn't .
Didn't I ? You know you didn't . Well , I am telling you now .
You know you didn't . Well , I am telling you now . Yes , but you might have told me before .
Well , I am telling you now . Yes , but you might have told me before . I didn't think you would be interested .
Yes , but you might have told me before . I didn't think you would be interested . You can't be serious . How dare you not tell me you are going to marry her ?
I didn't think you would be interested . You can't be serious . How dare you not tell me you are going to marry her ? Sorry , I didn't think it mattered .
Excuse me , could you help me pick out a lotion ? Sure , what is the problem ? I got poison oak while hiking , and I need something to help me with the itching .
Sure , what is the problem ? I got poison oak while hiking , and I need something to help me with the itching . I can suggest a product called Techne that comes in a lotion or cream .
I got poison oak while hiking , and I need something to help me with the itching . I can suggest a product called Techne that comes in a lotion or cream . Which do you prefer ?
I can suggest a product called Techne that comes in a lotion or cream . Which do you prefer ? Hikers tell me that the cream is best because it stays on longer .
Which do you prefer ? Hikers tell me that the cream is best because it stays on longer . Is there anything else I can do to help with the itching ?
Hikers tell me that the cream is best because it stays on longer . Is there anything else I can do to help with the itching ? You can take an antihistamine .
Is there anything else I can do to help with the itching ? You can take an antihistamine . Thank you so much for all of the information .
hi , darling ! I have a one-month vacation saved up . How about a trip to Europe ? I could go for that . But I'm afraid our budget is a little tight this year . oh , but I really need to leave this town for a change . Working day after day has worn me out . Do you have any other suggestions ?
I could go for that . But I'm afraid our budget is a little tight this year . oh , but I really need to leave this town for a change . Working day after day has worn me out . Do you have any other suggestions ? we should probably think about going somewhere that isn't too far away . How about the countryside ? There must be many interesting places , and we could enjoy the fresh air and the delicious local spec
oh , but I really need to leave this town for a change . Working day after day has worn me out . Do you have any other suggestions ? we should probably think about going somewhere that isn't too far away . How about the countryside ? There must be many interesting places , and we could enjoy the fresh air and the delicious local spec wonderful ! I think that's a great idea . How soon until we can make this happen ? I can't wait !
we should probably think about going somewhere that isn't too far away . How about the countryside ? There must be many interesting places , and we could enjoy the fresh air and the delicious local spec wonderful ! I think that's a great idea . How soon until we can make this happen ? I can't wait ! tomorrow I have an appointment with my dentist . What about next Monday ?
wonderful ! I think that's a great idea . How soon until we can make this happen ? I can't wait ! tomorrow I have an appointment with my dentist . What about next Monday ? perfect . I'll start preparing tomorrow . If we're going to drive , I'll need to fill up the tank .
tomorrow I have an appointment with my dentist . What about next Monday ? perfect . I'll start preparing tomorrow . If we're going to drive , I'll need to fill up the tank . no need . I think it's still plenty full . Even so , I'd rather travel by bus or train . It would cost much less than driving . Oil prices are soaring nowadays , you know .
perfect . I'll start preparing tomorrow . If we're going to drive , I'll need to fill up the tank . no need . I think it's still plenty full . Even so , I'd rather travel by bus or train . It would cost much less than driving . Oil prices are soaring nowadays , you know . we can take the train , that will be faster . I'll book the tickets tomorrow morning .
no need . I think it's still plenty full . Even so , I'd rather travel by bus or train . It would cost much less than driving . Oil prices are soaring nowadays , you know . we can take the train , that will be faster . I'll book the tickets tomorrow morning . great ! Oh , one more thing , don't forget to check the weather before we go . I'd hate to get caught in the rain .
we can take the train , that will be faster . I'll book the tickets tomorrow morning . great ! Oh , one more thing , don't forget to check the weather before we go . I'd hate to get caught in the rain . no problem . I'm really looking forward to the coming week .
Good afternoon . I'd like to speak with Tom Smith . I'm afraid he's away from his desk at the moment . Do you know when he will be back ?
I'm afraid he's away from his desk at the moment . Do you know when he will be back ? He's away on a business trip . He won't be back until some time next week .
Do you know when he will be back ? He's away on a business trip . He won't be back until some time next week . Is there some way I can get into contact with him ?
He's away on a business trip . He won't be back until some time next week . Is there some way I can get into contact with him ? The best way to reach him is by cell phone . I'll give you his number .
Is there some way I can get into contact with him ? The best way to reach him is by cell phone . I'll give you his number . Thanks . And could I have his e-mail , just in case I can't get him by phone ?
The best way to reach him is by cell phone . I'll give you his number . Thanks . And could I have his e-mail , just in case I can't get him by phone ? Sure . His cell phone is 09112223 33 . And his e-mail is lower case t , smith--that's one word , at , c , c , w , dot , com , dot , t , w .
Thanks . And could I have his e-mail , just in case I can't get him by phone ? Sure . His cell phone is 09112223 33 . And his e-mail is lower case t , smith--that's one word , at , c , c , w , dot , com , dot , t , w . Thank you so much . Does he read his e-mails daily ?
Sure . His cell phone is 09112223 33 . And his e-mail is lower case t , smith--that's one word , at , c , c , w , dot , com , dot , t , w . Thank you so much . Does he read his e-mails daily ? Yes . He usually replies immediately .
Thank you so much . Does he read his e-mails daily ? Yes . He usually replies immediately . Great . Thanks again . You've been very helpful .
It seldom rains this summer . Yeah , some places are very short of water . Because of pollution and other things , our environment has become worse and worse .
Yeah , some places are very short of water . Because of pollution and other things , our environment has become worse and worse . You see , This time I traveled to the West . When I looked out of the windows of the rain , all the lands that I could see are as dry as a bone .
Have any plans for the weekend , Tom ? Yeah , I ' m going for a hike in the southern Rocky Mountains . Oh , do you go hiking often ?
Yeah , I ' m going for a hike in the southern Rocky Mountains . Oh , do you go hiking often ? I go as much as I can . I love hiking because you can really get in touch with nature .
Oh , do you go hiking often ? I go as much as I can . I love hiking because you can really get in touch with nature . It would be nice to get out of the city . Do you want some company ?
I go as much as I can . I love hiking because you can really get in touch with nature . It would be nice to get out of the city . Do you want some company ? Sure . But , it will be a long hike , 30 miles in three days . Have you been hiking before ?
It would be nice to get out of the city . Do you want some company ? Sure . But , it will be a long hike , 30 miles in three days . Have you been hiking before ? Yeah , I go a lot too . I saw a bear and a mountain lion on my last hike .
Sure . But , it will be a long hike , 30 miles in three days . Have you been hiking before ? Yeah , I go a lot too . I saw a bear and a mountain lion on my last hike . Wow ! You must have been pretty far away from the city .
Yeah , I go a lot too . I saw a bear and a mountain lion on my last hike . Wow ! You must have been pretty far away from the city . Yeah , my friend and I hiked in a very wild part of the national forest .
Wow ! You must have been pretty far away from the city . Yeah , my friend and I hiked in a very wild part of the national forest . Well , bring him along too . We ' ll have a great time this weekend .
They got a divorce at last . It's inevitable . Their love wasbuilt on the sand , and this is why their marriage has landed on the rocks . You said it . Love but on the sand will soon be on the rocks .
Lin's office supplies . How may I direct your call ? Marry Lin please . Sure , just a moment . ... I'm sorry no one answer the phone .
Marry Lin please . Sure , just a moment . ... I'm sorry no one answer the phone . All right , could I leave a message ?
Sure , just a moment . ... I'm sorry no one answer the phone . All right , could I leave a message ? Certainly !
What kind of personality do you think you have ? I'm quite active and energetic . I approach things enthusiastically and I don't like to leave things half-done . Do you think you are introverted or extroverted ?
I'm quite active and energetic . I approach things enthusiastically and I don't like to leave things half-done . Do you think you are introverted or extroverted ? I'm quite outgoing i think . I enjoy mixing and doing things with others .
Do you think you are introverted or extroverted ? I'm quite outgoing i think . I enjoy mixing and doing things with others . What do you think is the most important thing for you to be happy ?
I'm quite outgoing i think . I enjoy mixing and doing things with others . What do you think is the most important thing for you to be happy ? I maintain that the most important thing is having good friends . A person can't live all by himself I think . A friend in need is a friend in deed . The more really close friends I have , the better .
What do you think is the most important thing for you to be happy ? I maintain that the most important thing is having good friends . A person can't live all by himself I think . A friend in need is a friend in deed . The more really close friends I have , the better . What kind of people do you like to work with ?
John , my father isn't there at all . Are you kidding ? Cool , fellow , what's the date today , buddy ? It's ... oh it's the 1st April , April Fool's Day .
Hey Stacy . What's going on ? I'm pretty tired these days . Why ? You're not working so don't you have a lot of time on your hands ?
I'm pretty tired these days . Why ? You're not working so don't you have a lot of time on your hands ? I have so much house work to do . I have to take care of the kids , cook , clean , laundry , and the cycle never ends .
Why ? You're not working so don't you have a lot of time on your hands ? I have so much house work to do . I have to take care of the kids , cook , clean , laundry , and the cycle never ends . How about your husband . Does he help much ?
I have so much house work to do . I have to take care of the kids , cook , clean , laundry , and the cycle never ends . How about your husband . Does he help much ? Not at all . He comes home and complains about his hard day at work . He expects me to do everything . He even wants me to feed him sometimes . Can you believe that ?
How about your husband . Does he help much ? Not at all . He comes home and complains about his hard day at work . He expects me to do everything . He even wants me to feed him sometimes . Can you believe that ? That sucks .
Not at all . He comes home and complains about his hard day at work . He expects me to do everything . He even wants me to feed him sometimes . Can you believe that ? That sucks . If he wasn't so lazy , I think I wouldn't have any complaints . He mows the lawn , but can you believe he tried to convince me to do it ?
That sucks . If he wasn't so lazy , I think I wouldn't have any complaints . He mows the lawn , but can you believe he tried to convince me to do it ? That's crossing the line .
Hi , I think I was supposed to call for my test results today . If you go onto our website and put in your password , you can access your test results . Are you saying that there weren ' t any problems ?
If you go onto our website and put in your password , you can access your test results . Are you saying that there weren ' t any problems ? I will always have you come in for a discussion if there is a major problem .
Are you saying that there weren ' t any problems ? I will always have you come in for a discussion if there is a major problem . Will I be able to read the results on the website and understand them ?
I will always have you come in for a discussion if there is a major problem . Will I be able to read the results on the website and understand them ? Yes , if you go there , you can see what each test is about .
Will I be able to read the results on the website and understand them ? Yes , if you go there , you can see what each test is about . How will I know what the numbers mean ?
Yes , if you go there , you can see what each test is about . How will I know what the numbers mean ? You can see your results and how they compare to the normal range .
How will I know what the numbers mean ? You can see your results and how they compare to the normal range . How can I see test results from tests I have taken before ?
I would like to buy a black suit . Do you have any special brand in your mind ? No , I never wear suit in my everyday life . I just want one to take part in my sister ' s wedding ceremony .
Do you have any special brand in your mind ? No , I never wear suit in my everyday life . I just want one to take part in my sister ' s wedding ceremony . I see . Have a look at this one . It ' s very cheap because it ' s not very durable .
No , I never wear suit in my everyday life . I just want one to take part in my sister ' s wedding ceremony . I see . Have a look at this one . It ' s very cheap because it ' s not very durable . but it looks good . Let me try it on .
Believe it or not , tea is the most popular beverage in the world after water . Well , people from Asia to Europe all enjoy tea . Right . And China is the homeland of tea .
Well , people from Asia to Europe all enjoy tea . Right . And China is the homeland of tea . Yes , Chinese people love drinking tea so much . Some even claim they can't live without tea .
Right . And China is the homeland of tea . Yes , Chinese people love drinking tea so much . Some even claim they can't live without tea . Do you know there are several catagories of Chinese tea ?
Yes , Chinese people love drinking tea so much . Some even claim they can't live without tea . Do you know there are several catagories of Chinese tea ? Yes , I believe there are green teas , black teas and scented teas . Any Others ?
Do you know there are several catagories of Chinese tea ? Yes , I believe there are green teas , black teas and scented teas . Any Others ? Well , have you ever heard of Oulong tea and compressed tea ?
Yes , I believe there are green teas , black teas and scented teas . Any Others ? Well , have you ever heard of Oulong tea and compressed tea ? Oh , yeah . Oulong tea is good for one's health . isn't it ?
Well , have you ever heard of Oulong tea and compressed tea ? Oh , yeah . Oulong tea is good for one's health . isn't it ? You surely know a lot about Chinese tea .
Oh , yeah . Oulong tea is good for one's health . isn't it ? You surely know a lot about Chinese tea . Sure , I like drinking tea at teahouses .
You surely know a lot about Chinese tea . Sure , I like drinking tea at teahouses . Oh , so do I .
Sure , I like drinking tea at teahouses . Oh , so do I . Why don't we go for one now ?
Oh , so do I . Why don't we go for one now ? Great . We can chat while enjoying a cup there .
Which university did you graduate from ? I graduated from Peking University . What was your major at university ?
I graduated from Peking University . What was your major at university ? I studied economics , I am especially interested in the economic development of China .
What was your major at university ? I studied economics , I am especially interested in the economic development of China . What course did you like best ?
I studied economics , I am especially interested in the economic development of China . What course did you like best ? I like Business Management , and i think it's very useful for the present work .
What course did you like best ? I like Business Management , and i think it's very useful for the present work . What do you think is the relationship between the subjects you've taken and the job you are seeking ?
Here you are . You left the medicine here . Sorry . I was too worried . I firmly believe that you love your brother very much .
Sorry . I was too worried . I firmly believe that you love your brother very much . Absolutely . By the way , do you sell any traditional Chinese medicine ?
I firmly believe that you love your brother very much . Absolutely . By the way , do you sell any traditional Chinese medicine ? Yes , we have some Chinese medicine for common cold .
Absolutely . By the way , do you sell any traditional Chinese medicine ? Yes , we have some Chinese medicine for common cold . I heard Chinese medicine has a better lasting effect in cure .
The hotel operator . Anything I can do for you ? I've been trying to get through to the booking office for the last ten minutes . But the line has been engaged all the time . Why is it taking so long ? I'm sorry to hear that . I'm afraid it is often the case during the peak hours . Shall I ask them to call you when the line is free ?
I've been trying to get through to the booking office for the last ten minutes . But the line has been engaged all the time . Why is it taking so long ? I'm sorry to hear that . I'm afraid it is often the case during the peak hours . Shall I ask them to call you when the line is free ? OK . Please do so if it is not troublesome .
I'm sorry to hear that . I'm afraid it is often the case during the peak hours . Shall I ask them to call you when the line is free ? OK . Please do so if it is not troublesome . No trouble at all . May I know your name and room number ?
OK . Please do so if it is not troublesome . No trouble at all . May I know your name and room number ? I'm Du Juan , in Room 312 .
No trouble at all . May I know your name and room number ? I'm Du Juan , in Room 312 . I see . Wait in the room , please .
Do you need a guide ? Yes , we are just looking for one . What's the charge per day ? It's $ 20 . If you are staying for more than 3 days in the city , the charge is $ 16 per day .
Excuse me , could you give me change for a dollar ? I'll see what I have . What do you need it for ? I want to get cigarettes .
Hi , Ellen . That outfit looks terrific ! Thanks , Jim . I didn ' t think guys paid attention to stuff like that . No , we just don ' t usually admit it !
You know that ? Joan has got the scholarship . Really ? But I think Henry is a backroom boy . He always helps her with her study .
For the 100th anniversary of the opening of the library we are going to have a party . That's a wonderful way to celebrate this grand old library ! I hoped you would be willing to brainstorm with me for party ideas .
That's a wonderful way to celebrate this grand old library ! I hoped you would be willing to brainstorm with me for party ideas . That is right up my alley . You say party and I'm there .
I hoped you would be willing to brainstorm with me for party ideas . That is right up my alley . You say party and I'm there . Perfect . It will be open to the public and we anticipate roughly about five to seven hundred people .
That is right up my alley . You say party and I'm there . Perfect . It will be open to the public and we anticipate roughly about five to seven hundred people . Will it be an all day event ?
Perfect . It will be open to the public and we anticipate roughly about five to seven hundred people . Will it be an all day event ? Yes . And we checked with the city and we have permission to use the park adjacent to the library .
Hey , how was the show ? Not great . It's a kind of boring . Really ? I heard it was supposed to be great .
Hi , Jim . How are you ? I haven ' t seen you for a while . I ' m fine . I ' Ve been out of town . I just got back . Where were you ?
Look ! Mom , that's amazing ! I can't believe the girls have so neat movements . Yeah , they all received very strict training . A minute on the stage takes ten-year practice . And all their movements are so elegant . It seems like dancing in the water .
Yeah , they all received very strict training . A minute on the stage takes ten-year practice . And all their movements are so elegant . It seems like dancing in the water . Exactly , you know , water ballet puts dancing , music and swimming together .
And all their movements are so elegant . It seems like dancing in the water . Exactly , you know , water ballet puts dancing , music and swimming together . There you go ! Daddy has told me that water ballet is also called Synchronized Swimming .
Exactly , you know , water ballet puts dancing , music and swimming together . There you go ! Daddy has told me that water ballet is also called Synchronized Swimming . That's my boy ! Katherine Curtis created this activity in 1920 . And in 1984 , it was authorized as one activity in Olympic Games .
There you go ! Daddy has told me that water ballet is also called Synchronized Swimming . That's my boy ! Katherine Curtis created this activity in 1920 . And in 1984 , it was authorized as one activity in Olympic Games . Wow , Mom is more knowledgeable than Dad . I must learn from you .
That's my boy ! Katherine Curtis created this activity in 1920 . And in 1984 , it was authorized as one activity in Olympic Games . Wow , Mom is more knowledgeable than Dad . I must learn from you . My little boy , you should learn more from me . I'm almost thirty years older than you .
Wow , Mom is more knowledgeable than Dad . I must learn from you . My little boy , you should learn more from me . I'm almost thirty years older than you . OK , you're the boss . Look , Mom , one guy has just jumped into the swimming pool .
I really need to start eating healthier . I have to start eating better too . What kind of food do you usually eat ?
I have to start eating better too . What kind of food do you usually eat ? I try my best to eat only fruits , vegetables , and chicken .
What kind of food do you usually eat ? I try my best to eat only fruits , vegetables , and chicken . Is that really all that you eat ?
I try my best to eat only fruits , vegetables , and chicken . Is that really all that you eat ? That's basically it .
Is that really all that you eat ? That's basically it . How do you stick to only those foods ?
That's basically it . How do you stick to only those foods ? Actually , fruits and veggies are really good for you .
How do you stick to only those foods ? Actually , fruits and veggies are really good for you . Yeah , I know , but what about the chicken ?
Actually , fruits and veggies are really good for you . Yeah , I know , but what about the chicken ? I mainly eat baked chicken , because there's not a lot of fat .
Yeah , I know , but what about the chicken ? I mainly eat baked chicken , because there's not a lot of fat . That does sound pretty good .
All right . I want to bring everybody back on this subject . When can we start working on this ? Well , we could probably get started with a preparatory meeting this afternoon at 2:00 . I tell you what , 2:00 is not available for me , but you can get started and I'll come by at around 3:00
Well , we could probably get started with a preparatory meeting this afternoon at 2:00 . I tell you what , 2:00 is not available for me , but you can get started and I'll come by at around 3:00 That's fine with me . How much time are we going to have to work on this ?
Do you have a free moment ? Sure . What do you need ? I'm having some trouble . How do you use this printer ?
Sure . What do you need ? I'm having some trouble . How do you use this printer ? Well , first you have to turn this switch on .
I'm having some trouble . How do you use this printer ? Well , first you have to turn this switch on . Silly me .
Well , first you have to turn this switch on . Silly me . Now press this button .
Silly me . Now press this button . Oh , and it's out of paper . Do you have any more ?
What do you usually have for breakfast ? Pancakes or waffles ? I usually have cereal for breakfast . But isn't it served with cold milk ?
I usually have cereal for breakfast . But isn't it served with cold milk ? Yeah . Cold milk wakes me up .
But isn't it served with cold milk ? Yeah . Cold milk wakes me up . Chinese people don't like to eat cold food .
Yeah . Cold milk wakes me up . Chinese people don't like to eat cold food . Is that right ?
Chinese people don't like to eat cold food . Is that right ? But I'm open to new things . I'll have a bowl of cereal , too .
Is that right ? But I'm open to new things . I'll have a bowl of cereal , too . With cold milk ?
I ran it against that fence pole as I crashed . What do you think ? Damn , it hurts ! We'll have to get you to a hospital . I can ride you on the back of my bike . I'm lucky I wasn't killed . I must have been going around forty-five miles an hour . There was too much gravel on that corner . I slid out .
We'll have to get you to a hospital . I can ride you on the back of my bike . I'm lucky I wasn't killed . I must have been going around forty-five miles an hour . There was too much gravel on that corner . I slid out . Yes , I almost slid too . Alright . This tourniquet is tight . How does it feel ?
I'm lucky I wasn't killed . I must have been going around forty-five miles an hour . There was too much gravel on that corner . I slid out . Yes , I almost slid too . Alright . This tourniquet is tight . How does it feel ? Make it tighter . I want the blood stopped . Then wrap some bandages around the cut . Then we can go . Ouch ! I hope I can walk .
Yes , I almost slid too . Alright . This tourniquet is tight . How does it feel ? Make it tighter . I want the blood stopped . Then wrap some bandages around the cut . Then we can go . Ouch ! I hope I can walk . Alright , I'm twisting it around . You tell me when to stop .
I'm interested in Chinese antiques . We have a great variety of Chinese antiques . Besides , we have landscape painting , figure painting and flower-and-bird painting . I'd like a flower-and-bird painting .
We have a great variety of Chinese antiques . Besides , we have landscape painting , figure painting and flower-and-bird painting . I'd like a flower-and-bird painting . How about this picture of cranes with pine trees ? It was painted by a famous Chinese painter in King Dynasty .
I'd like a flower-and-bird painting . How about this picture of cranes with pine trees ? It was painted by a famous Chinese painter in King Dynasty . Oh , they look just like live cranes .
Where are you going ? I'll accompany my wife to the hospital . What's wrong with her .
I'll accompany my wife to the hospital . What's wrong with her . She is expecting .
What's wrong with her . She is expecting . Congratulations to you .
What's the matter with you , then ? You look miserable . It's us . What do you mean by " us " ?
It's us . What do you mean by " us " ? Well , we used to talk to each other before we were married . Remember ?
What do you mean by " us " ? Well , we used to talk to each other before we were married . Remember ? What do you mean ? We ' re talking now , aren't we ?
Well , we used to talk to each other before we were married . Remember ? What do you mean ? We ' re talking now , aren't we ? Oh , yes , but we used to do so much together .
What do you mean ? We ' re talking now , aren't we ? Oh , yes , but we used to do so much together . Yes . I remember . But we never used to argue . You used to think I was wonderful . Where are you going ?
Reservation , can I help you ? Yes , I would like to reserve a room for next Monday . Wait a moment , please . Let me check it .
Yes , I would like to reserve a room for next Monday . Wait a moment , please . Let me check it . By the way , I want a large room .
Wait a moment , please . Let me check it . By the way , I want a large room . Right now we have a suite for 4 people , do you want to book it ?
Office Supplies , Inc . Robert speaking , may I help you ? Hi , Robert . This is Janet Reese calling from American Advertising . We placed an order with you about a week ago . Yes , Ms . Reese . I remember , you spoke with me . Is there a problem ?
It's such a nice day . Yes , it is . It looks like it may rain soon .
Yes , it is . It looks like it may rain soon . Yes , and I hope that it does .
It looks like it may rain soon . Yes , and I hope that it does . Why is that ?
Yes , and I hope that it does . Why is that ? I really love how rain clears the air .
Why is that ? I really love how rain clears the air . Me too . It always smells so fresh after it rains .
I really love how rain clears the air . Me too . It always smells so fresh after it rains . Yes , but I love the night air after it rains .
Me too . It always smells so fresh after it rains . Yes , but I love the night air after it rains . Really ? Why is that ?
Yes , but I love the night air after it rains . Really ? Why is that ? Because you can see the stars perfectly .
Really ? Why is that ? Because you can see the stars perfectly . I really hope it rains today .
Nani Book Store . How can I help you ? Do you have the ' The man and the Sea ' by Ernest Hemingway ? Yes , we have one copy left .
Next , please . Hello , may I help you , sir ? Yes , I want to send a registered airmail letter to France . Ok , it comes four dollars twenty cents .
Yes , I want to send a registered airmail letter to France . Ok , it comes four dollars twenty cents . Here is five dollars .
Ok , it comes four dollars twenty cents . Here is five dollars . Here is your change . Please wait for your receipt of the registered mail .
Here is five dollars . Here is your change . Please wait for your receipt of the registered mail . I also want to pack up my package . This is the notes .
Here is your change . Please wait for your receipt of the registered mail . I also want to pack up my package . This is the notes . Let me see . En .. just a minute . Here it is . I need your signature on this note .
I also want to pack up my package . This is the notes . Let me see . En .. just a minute . Here it is . I need your signature on this note . Oh , one more thing , where can I mail this letter ?
Let me see . En .. just a minute . Here it is . I need your signature on this note . Oh , one more thing , where can I mail this letter ? Drop it in the mail box mark out of town . at that corner .
Oh , one more thing , where can I mail this letter ? Drop it in the mail box mark out of town . at that corner . Thank you very much .
excuse me , could you tell me which line I ' m supposed to stand in to buy bubble wrap and to post a package ? you can buy the bubble wrap here , but you ' ll have to stand in line over here to post your passage . that ' s a really long line . How long do you think it ' ll take to get through all those people ?
you can buy the bubble wrap here , but you ' ll have to stand in line over here to post your passage . that ' s a really long line . How long do you think it ' ll take to get through all those people ? it takes about 3 minutes per person , so it ' ll probably be about an hour ' s wait .
that ' s a really long line . How long do you think it ' ll take to get through all those people ? it takes about 3 minutes per person , so it ' ll probably be about an hour ' s wait . can I buy stamps here ?
it takes about 3 minutes per person , so it ' ll probably be about an hour ' s wait . can I buy stamps here ? sure . How many would you like ?
can I buy stamps here ? sure . How many would you like ? I need 30 for my Christmas cards .
sure . How many would you like ? I need 30 for my Christmas cards . are you sending them abroad ?
I need 30 for my Christmas cards . are you sending them abroad ? twenty of them are going abroad to China and America .
are you sending them abroad ? twenty of them are going abroad to China and America . do you have any going anywhere in the EU ? If you do , those are less expensive .
twenty of them are going abroad to China and America . do you have any going anywhere in the EU ? If you do , those are less expensive . no .
do you have any going anywhere in the EU ? If you do , those are less expensive . no . ok , here you go . That will be 18 pounds and seventy two pence .
no . ok , here you go . That will be 18 pounds and seventy two pence . and the bubble wrap ?
ok , here you go . That will be 18 pounds and seventy two pence . and the bubble wrap ? that ' s another quid .
What time is our connecting flight ? Let me check . Oh , oh ! It ' s at 3:25 . Wow , that's cutting it close ! That means we only have 25 minutes to make the connection ! What gate is it at ?
Let me check . Oh , oh ! It ' s at 3:25 . Wow , that's cutting it close ! That means we only have 25 minutes to make the connection ! What gate is it at ? It ' s at ... gate 14 .
Wow , that's cutting it close ! That means we only have 25 minutes to make the connection ! What gate is it at ? It ' s at ... gate 14 . Oh , great ! That ' s at the other end of the terminal !
It ' s at ... gate 14 . Oh , great ! That ' s at the other end of the terminal ! OK , so here ' s the plan ; When we land , run to gate 14 !
Hey , Blake ! Are you still listening to Mozart ? Yes . Do you like it ? It's great . and I ' Ve heard that listening to Mozart can make you more intelligent .
Yes . Do you like it ? It's great . and I ' Ve heard that listening to Mozart can make you more intelligent . Really ? I've never heard that before . I just like it .
It's great . and I ' Ve heard that listening to Mozart can make you more intelligent . Really ? I've never heard that before . I just like it . Is classical music your favorite ?
Really ? I've never heard that before . I just like it . Is classical music your favorite ? Yes . What about you ?
Is classical music your favorite ? Yes . What about you ? I Like pop music best . Classical music is a bit too heavy for me . I can't get fully relaxed in it .
Yes . What about you ? I Like pop music best . Classical music is a bit too heavy for me . I can't get fully relaxed in it . Pop music doesn't have any depth for me .
I Like pop music best . Classical music is a bit too heavy for me . I can't get fully relaxed in it . Pop music doesn't have any depth for me . Yeah , that's why I can enjoy myself in it .
Pop music doesn't have any depth for me . Yeah , that's why I can enjoy myself in it . Did you always like pop music .
Yeah , that's why I can enjoy myself in it . Did you always like pop music . I think so , since I was in primary school . How long have you been interested in classical music .
Did you always like pop music . I think so , since I was in primary school . How long have you been interested in classical music . I didn't like it at all until I started to learn violin when I was eight . From then on . classical music has been an important part of my life .
I think so , since I was in primary school . How long have you been interested in classical music . I didn't like it at all until I started to learn violin when I was eight . From then on . classical music has been an important part of my life . oh , I didn't know you can play the violin . Do you still play .
Guess who I saw just now ? Who ? John Smith , the escaped criminal .
Who ? John Smith , the escaped criminal . That bad egg , who took the low road since he was a boy .
John Smith , the escaped criminal . That bad egg , who took the low road since he was a boy . I think I must report to the cops .
Excuse me , are you Mrs . Green from England ? Yes , I am . I'm pleased to meet you , Mrs . Green . My name is Myra . I work in Beijing Institute of Technology . I came here to meet you .
Yes , I am . I'm pleased to meet you , Mrs . Green . My name is Myra . I work in Beijing Institute of Technology . I came here to meet you . How do you do ?
I'm pleased to meet you , Mrs . Green . My name is Myra . I work in Beijing Institute of Technology . I came here to meet you . How do you do ? How do you do ?
How do you do ? How do you do ? It's kind of you to meet me at the airport .
How do you do ? It's kind of you to meet me at the airport . Welcome to Beijing . Is this your first time in China ?
It's kind of you to meet me at the airport . Welcome to Beijing . Is this your first time in China ? No , I have visited China several times , but it's my first visit to Beijing and I think it's a great honor to be invited to your beautiful city .
Welcome to Beijing . Is this your first time in China ? No , I have visited China several times , but it's my first visit to Beijing and I think it's a great honor to be invited to your beautiful city . It's our pleasure to have you here . I hope you will have a pleasant stay here .
What are your personal weaknesses ? I ' m afraid I ' m a poor talker . I ' m not comfortable talking with the people whom I have just met for the first time . That is not very good for business , so I have been studying public speaking . Are you more of a leader or a follower ?
I ' m afraid I ' m a poor talker . I ' m not comfortable talking with the people whom I have just met for the first time . That is not very good for business , so I have been studying public speaking . Are you more of a leader or a follower ? I don ' t try to lead people . I ' d rather cooperate with everybody , and get the job done by working together .
Are you more of a leader or a follower ? I don ' t try to lead people . I ' d rather cooperate with everybody , and get the job done by working together . Do you think you can make yourself easily understood in English ?
I don ' t try to lead people . I ' d rather cooperate with everybody , and get the job done by working together . Do you think you can make yourself easily understood in English ? Yes , in most circumstances .
Do you think you can make yourself easily understood in English ? Yes , in most circumstances . Are you available for travel ?
Hello , Ken . Hello , George . Have you just been to the cinema ?
Hello , George . Have you just been to the cinema ? Yes , I have .
Have you just been to the cinema ? Yes , I have . What ' s on ?
Yes , I have . What ' s on ? Paris in the Spring .
What ' s on ? Paris in the Spring . Oh , I ' Ve already seen it . I saw it on television last year . It ' s an old film , but it ' s very good .
Paris in the Spring . Oh , I ' Ve already seen it . I saw it on television last year . It ' s an old film , but it ' s very good . Paris is a beautiful city . I have never been there . Have you ever been there , Ken ?
Oh , I ' Ve already seen it . I saw it on television last year . It ' s an old film , but it ' s very good . Paris is a beautiful city . I have never been there . Have you ever been there , Ken ? Yes , I have . I was there in April .
Paris is a beautiful city . I have never been there . Have you ever been there , Ken ? Yes , I have . I was there in April . Paris in the spring , eh ?
Yes , I have . I was there in April . Paris in the spring , eh ? It was spring , but the weather was awful . It rained all the time .
So , you ' re applying for a B2 visa , where is your final destination and what ' s the purpose of your trip to the United States ? I ' m going to visit my brother . he ' s just had a baby . He lives in Minneapolis . And how long do you you plan to remain in the United States ?
I ' m going to visit my brother . he ' s just had a baby . He lives in Minneapolis . And how long do you you plan to remain in the United States ? I ' ll be here for approximately three weeks . See , here ' s my return ticket for the twenty-sixth of March .
And how long do you you plan to remain in the United States ? I ' ll be here for approximately three weeks . See , here ' s my return ticket for the twenty-sixth of March . And , who is sponsoring your trip ?
I ' ll be here for approximately three weeks . See , here ' s my return ticket for the twenty-sixth of March . And , who is sponsoring your trip ? My brother , here , this is an invitation letter from him . I will stay with him and his family in their home .
And , who is sponsoring your trip ? My brother , here , this is an invitation letter from him . I will stay with him and his family in their home . Alright , tell me about the ties you have to your home country .
My brother , here , this is an invitation letter from him . I will stay with him and his family in their home . Alright , tell me about the ties you have to your home country . Well , I own a house . actually , I ' m leaving my dog there with my neighbors . I have a car at home , and oh , my job ! I ' m employed by Tornal as an engineer . Actually , I only have three weeks ' vacation , so I have to go back to work at the end of March .
Alright , tell me about the ties you have to your home country . Well , I own a house . actually , I ' m leaving my dog there with my neighbors . I have a car at home , and oh , my job ! I ' m employed by Tornal as an engineer . Actually , I only have three weeks ' vacation , so I have to go back to work at the end of March . And what evidence do you have that you are financially independent ?
Well , I own a house . actually , I ' m leaving my dog there with my neighbors . I have a car at home , and oh , my job ! I ' m employed by Tornal as an engineer . Actually , I only have three weeks ' vacation , so I have to go back to work at the end of March . And what evidence do you have that you are financially independent ? Well , I do have assets in my country . like I said , I own a house , and see , here ' s a bank statement showing my investments , and my bank balance .
Hey Julie , you want to go grab something to eat ? Sure ! What do you feel like having ? I really feel like having a big juicy steak !
Sure ! What do you feel like having ? I really feel like having a big juicy steak ! Oh . OK . I don't eat meat , but that's fine , I am sure wherever we are going they will have other options right ?
I really feel like having a big juicy steak ! Oh . OK . I don't eat meat , but that's fine , I am sure wherever we are going they will have other options right ? I didn't know you were a vegetarian !
Oh . OK . I don't eat meat , but that's fine , I am sure wherever we are going they will have other options right ? I didn't know you were a vegetarian ! I'm not , I am a vegan .
I didn't know you were a vegetarian ! I'm not , I am a vegan . A what ?
I'm not , I am a vegan . A what ? A vegan . I don't eat or use any animal based products . I don't wear leather , eat eggs , drink milk or anything that comes from an animal . I used to be a pescatarian before , which basically means you don't eat meat , but still have fish and seafood .
A what ? A vegan . I don't eat or use any animal based products . I don't wear leather , eat eggs , drink milk or anything that comes from an animal . I used to be a pescatarian before , which basically means you don't eat meat , but still have fish and seafood . Wow ! That's interesting ! It must be tough !
We are looking for a bilingual secretary . Do you think you are proficient in both written and spoken English ? I think my English is fairly good . As you can see from my CV , I graduated from university with a B . A . degree in English . I studied the English language and English literature systematically . How are your typing and shorthand skills ?
How silly of you to jump out of the window ! But that was the first thing that came into my mind when I heard the shout earthquake ! Why not use staircases ? The terror was not so violent at that time .
But that was the first thing that came into my mind when I heard the shout earthquake ! Why not use staircases ? The terror was not so violent at that time . That would be too late .
Why not use staircases ? The terror was not so violent at that time . That would be too late . Maybe the situation is too urgent .
Hi . What's your name ? My name is Jung Min . What's your name ? My name is Jessica . It's nice to meet you .
My name is Jung Min . What's your name ? My name is Jessica . It's nice to meet you . Yes . It's nice to meet you too . Are you a new student too ?
My name is Jessica . It's nice to meet you . Yes . It's nice to meet you too . Are you a new student too ? No . I'm a sophomore . I take it you are a new student ?
Yes . It's nice to meet you too . Are you a new student too ? No . I'm a sophomore . I take it you are a new student ? Yeah . It's pretty exciting to be here .
No . I'm a sophomore . I take it you are a new student ? Yeah . It's pretty exciting to be here . Have fun while it lasts . The excitement wears off real quick . Especially after you see how much homework you get . Where are you from ?
Yeah . It's pretty exciting to be here . Have fun while it lasts . The excitement wears off real quick . Especially after you see how much homework you get . Where are you from ? I'm from Korea . My parents wanted me to go to an American university , so I came here .
Have fun while it lasts . The excitement wears off real quick . Especially after you see how much homework you get . Where are you from ? I'm from Korea . My parents wanted me to go to an American university , so I came here . I have never been to Korea . I've been to Japan before , but never Korea .
I'm from Korea . My parents wanted me to go to an American university , so I came here . I have never been to Korea . I've been to Japan before , but never Korea . Why were you in Japan ?
I have never been to Korea . I've been to Japan before , but never Korea . Why were you in Japan ? My father thought it would be a good experience to take a vacation to a different country . He's so into learning about different cultures .
Why were you in Japan ? My father thought it would be a good experience to take a vacation to a different country . He's so into learning about different cultures . That's pretty cool .
My father thought it would be a good experience to take a vacation to a different country . He's so into learning about different cultures . That's pretty cool . I thought it would have been more fun if I went without my parents .
That's pretty cool . I thought it would have been more fun if I went without my parents . Well , if you ever want to visit Korea , I would be happy to show you around .
I thought it would have been more fun if I went without my parents . Well , if you ever want to visit Korea , I would be happy to show you around . Thanks for the offer . I'll keep that in mind . Oh , the professor is coming . We'll talk more after class .
You don't look too well . Maybe you should take the day off from work . I couldn't do that . I have an important meeting to go to today . Do you feel ok ?
I couldn't do that . I have an important meeting to go to today . Do you feel ok ? Not really . After a 12 - hour flight , I've got jetlag , and on top of that , I think I've also got the flu .
Do you feel ok ? Not really . After a 12 - hour flight , I've got jetlag , and on top of that , I think I've also got the flu . Why don't you call your secretary and tell her to reschedule the meeting ? You should really get some rest or you'll end up feeling even worse than you do now .
Not really . After a 12 - hour flight , I've got jetlag , and on top of that , I think I've also got the flu . Why don't you call your secretary and tell her to reschedule the meeting ? You should really get some rest or you'll end up feeling even worse than you do now . Could you feel my forehead and check to see if I have a fever ?
Why don't you call your secretary and tell her to reschedule the meeting ? You should really get some rest or you'll end up feeling even worse than you do now . Could you feel my forehead and check to see if I have a fever ? You're really hot . Let me get you some Tylenol to bring the fever down .
Could you feel my forehead and check to see if I have a fever ? You're really hot . Let me get you some Tylenol to bring the fever down . Ok . I'll stay home this morning and rest , but if I feel better in the afternoon , I'm going to the meeting .
You're really hot . Let me get you some Tylenol to bring the fever down . Ok . I'll stay home this morning and rest , but if I feel better in the afternoon , I'm going to the meeting . Zach , what's that on your arm ?
Ok . I'll stay home this morning and rest , but if I feel better in the afternoon , I'm going to the meeting . Zach , what's that on your arm ? I don't know . It looks a bit red , but I'm sure it's nothing .
Zach , what's that on your arm ? I don't know . It looks a bit red , but I'm sure it's nothing . It looks like you have a red rash all over you ! Are you allergic to anything ?
I don't know . It looks a bit red , but I'm sure it's nothing . It looks like you have a red rash all over you ! Are you allergic to anything ? Just cats , but I don't think I was near any cats in the last couple of weeks .
It looks like you have a red rash all over you ! Are you allergic to anything ? Just cats , but I don't think I was near any cats in the last couple of weeks . I completely forgot about your cat allergy . I took care of a cat for my friend here a few days ago . Oh no . we'd better go to the doctor and get some medicine . Let's go .
Just cats , but I don't think I was near any cats in the last couple of weeks . I completely forgot about your cat allergy . I took care of a cat for my friend here a few days ago . Oh no . we'd better go to the doctor and get some medicine . Let's go . Shouldn't we make an appointment first ?
I completely forgot about your cat allergy . I took care of a cat for my friend here a few days ago . Oh no . we'd better go to the doctor and get some medicine . Let's go . Shouldn't we make an appointment first ? We would , but let's just go and see if there's an opening now before it gets worse .
Excuse me . Do you mind if I try this on ? Not at all . The changing rooms are just this way . Thanks . It's a little tight . Do you have any in a larger size ?
Not at all . The changing rooms are just this way . Thanks . It's a little tight . Do you have any in a larger size ? Sure . I'll give you the next size up . That one is small , right ?
Thanks . It's a little tight . Do you have any in a larger size ? Sure . I'll give you the next size up . That one is small , right ? Yes . Also , I'm not so sure about the color .
It's getting late . I really have to go . I hope we'll get together again soon . I hope so . A good journey to you !
I had a big argument with david yesterday . I hope he ' s not still mad at me . What did you argue about ? He borrowed some money from me and I needed it back . He said he didn ' t have the money yet .
What did you argue about ? He borrowed some money from me and I needed it back . He said he didn ' t have the money yet . Well , he should pay you back . It ' s only fair .
He borrowed some money from me and I needed it back . He said he didn ' t have the money yet . Well , he should pay you back . It ' s only fair . Yes , but I got angry with him too quickly . He probably thought that I mistrusted him . I shouldn ' t have got angry .
Well , he should pay you back . It ' s only fair . Yes , but I got angry with him too quickly . He probably thought that I mistrusted him . I shouldn ' t have got angry . Did you lend him a lot of money ?
Yes , but I got angry with him too quickly . He probably thought that I mistrusted him . I shouldn ' t have got angry . Did you lend him a lot of money ? Not much . I had to pay an unexpected bill , so I needed the money back .
Did you lend him a lot of money ? Not much . I had to pay an unexpected bill , so I needed the money back . Well , talk to him about it next time you see him . He probably feels as bad about it as you do . Close friends sometimes have disagreements . It ' s nothing unusual . Neither of you said anything really nasty , did you ?
Not much . I had to pay an unexpected bill , so I needed the money back . Well , talk to him about it next time you see him . He probably feels as bad about it as you do . Close friends sometimes have disagreements . It ' s nothing unusual . Neither of you said anything really nasty , did you ? No , we didn ' t . I guess you ' re right . We should patch things up .
Well , I'm afraid I must be going now . I have no idea it was so late . Stay for dinner with us . I'm afraid I can't . I have a dinner party at seven tonight . You see , I am going to England the day after tomorrow .
Stay for dinner with us . I'm afraid I can't . I have a dinner party at seven tonight . You see , I am going to England the day after tomorrow . Well , I won't keep you then . It was very nice of you to come to see me .
I'm afraid I can't . I have a dinner party at seven tonight . You see , I am going to England the day after tomorrow . Well , I won't keep you then . It was very nice of you to come to see me . It has been a pleasure . Goodbye .
Hey Mel ! Are you up for some tennis today ? Sorry , I can ' t ! I have to go to work , pick up Jake and Maddie from school , and make them an afternoon snack , then take Jake to soccer practice and Maddie to dance class . You sound exhausted . Maybe you should hire a nanny to help you out ! She can pick the kids up and take them to their after-school activities . She can also help you do some household chores , and run so
Sorry , I can ' t ! I have to go to work , pick up Jake and Maddie from school , and make them an afternoon snack , then take Jake to soccer practice and Maddie to dance class . You sound exhausted . Maybe you should hire a nanny to help you out ! She can pick the kids up and take them to their after-school activities . She can also help you do some household chores , and run so Oh , I don ' t know ... it ' s hard to find the right nanny . You have to consider her previous work experience , the responsibilities you give her , and how she interacts with the kids . I would love to have
You sound exhausted . Maybe you should hire a nanny to help you out ! She can pick the kids up and take them to their after-school activities . She can also help you do some household chores , and run so Oh , I don ' t know ... it ' s hard to find the right nanny . You have to consider her previous work experience , the responsibilities you give her , and how she interacts with the kids . I would love to have I think you should definitely consider it ! This way you won ' t have to juggle such a busy schedule , and you ' ll still get to spend time with the kids in the evenings . I can refer you this great
Hello , the nurse said that you might have my test results in from the other day . I would like for you to come in and talk about a few more tests that I would like to run . Does this mean that you have bad news for me ?
I would like for you to come in and talk about a few more tests that I would like to run . Does this mean that you have bad news for me ? I just want to talk to you about the tests that I want to run .
Does this mean that you have bad news for me ? I just want to talk to you about the tests that I want to run . Can ' t you just tell me now ?
I just want to talk to you about the tests that I want to run . Can ' t you just tell me now ? I don ' t know anything for certain . We always do a double check if there is a question .
Can ' t you just tell me now ? I don ' t know anything for certain . We always do a double check if there is a question . I want to see you right away .
I don ' t know anything for certain . We always do a double check if there is a question . I want to see you right away . You can come in this afternoon . If you are feeling too stressed , feel free to bring a friend along .
I want to see you right away . You can come in this afternoon . If you are feeling too stressed , feel free to bring a friend along . I know for sure that something is wrong !
Do you speak only English in the class , or does your teacher explain everything to you in Spanish ? Oh , we never speak Spanish in class ! Miss . Parker speaks to us only in English . I suppose she's right . Does she speak English very slowly ?
Oh , we never speak Spanish in class ! Miss . Parker speaks to us only in English . I suppose she's right . Does she speak English very slowly ? Not always . Sometimes we don't understand her . Then she has to repeat what she said .
I suppose she's right . Does she speak English very slowly ? Not always . Sometimes we don't understand her . Then she has to repeat what she said . It must be interesting to study English .
Not always . Sometimes we don't understand her . Then she has to repeat what she said . It must be interesting to study English . Mario and I are the best students in the class . Miss . Parker says that my pronunciation is very good .
It must be interesting to study English . Mario and I are the best students in the class . Miss . Parker says that my pronunciation is very good . Is English pronunciation easy or difficult ?
Hi . Have you got a personal computer ? Certainly . What's the matter ? I wonder if you often trade with others on the internet .
Certainly . What's the matter ? I wonder if you often trade with others on the internet . Sure . I often buy things or do business through it without going out to the physical stores .
I wonder if you often trade with others on the internet . Sure . I often buy things or do business through it without going out to the physical stores . Great ! It's just like viewless stores . But how can you shop or order on line or trade on line ?
Sure . I often buy things or do business through it without going out to the physical stores . Great ! It's just like viewless stores . But how can you shop or order on line or trade on line ? That's simple . Just click the hyperlink , www . taobao . com or www . ebay . com , and you can see the specimen of the goods shown on the screen , and then you can place an order online with the sales company . And the goods will be delivered to your place .
Great ! It's just like viewless stores . But how can you shop or order on line or trade on line ? That's simple . Just click the hyperlink , www . taobao . com or www . ebay . com , and you can see the specimen of the goods shown on the screen , and then you can place an order online with the sales company . And the goods will be delivered to your place . Is the service charged ?
That's simple . Just click the hyperlink , www . taobao . com or www . ebay . com , and you can see the specimen of the goods shown on the screen , and then you can place an order online with the sales company . And the goods will be delivered to your place . Is the service charged ? No . it's free .
Did you watch the volleyball match last night ? Yeah . Who won ?
Yeah . Who won ? China .
Who won ? China . What is the score ?
China . What is the score ? China beat Brazil three to zero .
It ' s nice meeting you . It ' s nice to meet you , too . I am happy to be speaking to a presidential candidate .
It ' s nice to meet you , too . I am happy to be speaking to a presidential candidate . Would you like to ask me anything ?
I am happy to be speaking to a presidential candidate . Would you like to ask me anything ? What do you feel about gay marriage ?
Would you like to ask me anything ? What do you feel about gay marriage ? I think everyone has the right to love who they want .
What do you feel about gay marriage ? I think everyone has the right to love who they want . Would you legalize gay marriage ?
I think everyone has the right to love who they want . Would you legalize gay marriage ? Yes , I would .
Would you legalize gay marriage ? Yes , I would . Many people won ' t like that .
Yes , I would . Many people won ' t like that . I ' m sure they won ' t , but that ' s my view on gay marriage .
Many people won ' t like that . I ' m sure they won ' t , but that ' s my view on gay marriage . I really like you .
Could I have my bill , please ? Certainly , sir . I'm afraid there's been a mistake .
Certainly , sir . I'm afraid there's been a mistake . I'm sorry , sir . What seems to be the trouble ?
I'm afraid there's been a mistake . I'm sorry , sir . What seems to be the trouble ? I believe you have charged me twice for the same thing . Look , the figure of 6 . 5 dollar appears here , then again here .
Honey , I need to have a talk with you . Dad , I have to do my homework . No , honey , why didn't you go to cram school last night ?
Dad , I have to do my homework . No , honey , why didn't you go to cram school last night ? Dad , I don't want to talk about it now .
No , honey , why didn't you go to cram school last night ? Dad , I don't want to talk about it now . Honey , if you don't want to go to cram school , you should tell me the reason why .
What were you and Richard talking about earlier ? It looked intense . Yeah , Richard said something to me that I didn't appreciate . Oh , no . I know how insensitive he can be . What has he done now ?
Yeah , Richard said something to me that I didn't appreciate . Oh , no . I know how insensitive he can be . What has he done now ? He asked me how long it took me to learn English .
Oh , no . I know how insensitive he can be . What has he done now ? He asked me how long it took me to learn English . But , you were born and raised in California !
He asked me how long it took me to learn English . But , you were born and raised in California ! Yeah , but I get that sometimes . It doesn't matter how many generations my family has lived in the U . S . , we'll always be foreigners in their eyes .
But , you were born and raised in California ! Yeah , but I get that sometimes . It doesn't matter how many generations my family has lived in the U . S . , we'll always be foreigners in their eyes . What a racist ! How can you stand working with the guy ?
Yeah , but I get that sometimes . It doesn't matter how many generations my family has lived in the U . S . , we'll always be foreigners in their eyes . What a racist ! How can you stand working with the guy ? You know , Richard isn't such a bad guy . He made the comment out of ignorance , not malice .
What a racist ! How can you stand working with the guy ? You know , Richard isn't such a bad guy . He made the comment out of ignorance , not malice . So , what did you say when he asked you how long it took you to learn English ?
You know , Richard isn't such a bad guy . He made the comment out of ignorance , not malice . So , what did you say when he asked you how long it took you to learn English ? I told him 28 years . And , he knows I'm 28 years old since I just celebrated my birthday last week . He was puzzled for a minute , and then he got it .
So , what did you say when he asked you how long it took you to learn English ? I told him 28 years . And , he knows I'm 28 years old since I just celebrated my birthday last week . He was puzzled for a minute , and then he got it . Are you sure he really got the message ?
I told him 28 years . And , he knows I'm 28 years old since I just celebrated my birthday last week . He was puzzled for a minute , and then he got it . Are you sure he really got the message ? Yeah , I'm pretty sure since I then asked him how long it took him to learn English .
Are you sure he really got the message ? Yeah , I'm pretty sure since I then asked him how long it took him to learn English . That's hilarious ! What did he say ?
Yeah , I'm pretty sure since I then asked him how long it took him to learn English . That's hilarious ! What did he say ? He said , ' 36 years , ' and we both laughed about it . He apologized and now , it's all good .
Hello . Could you have a taxi pick me up before 10:00 a . m . ? What is your address ? I stay at No . 115 Fucking Road .
What is your address ? I stay at No . 115 Fucking Road . OK , a taxi will be there by 9:30 .
I stay at No . 115 Fucking Road . OK , a taxi will be there by 9:30 . What are your rates ?
OK , a taxi will be there by 9:30 . What are your rates ? It is RIB 10 yuan initially and 2 yuan for each kilometer .
What are your rates ? It is RIB 10 yuan initially and 2 yuan for each kilometer . I have a lot of luggage . Will those fit in the taxi ?
It is RIB 10 yuan initially and 2 yuan for each kilometer . I have a lot of luggage . Will those fit in the taxi ? Take it easy . I'll send a larger to pick you up .
John ? It ' s Susan Miller . Hi , Susan . What ' s up ? Do you know where that memo about office procedures is ? I want to give my secretary a copy .
So what do you think of my new dress ? I think it's great ! I really like the color , and it goes really well with your eyes . I've actually been eyeing that dress at Maxine's for a while now , but I wasn't sure I could afford ninety-five dollars for a dress at the moment . Um , ninety-five dollars ?
I think it's great ! I really like the color , and it goes really well with your eyes . I've actually been eyeing that dress at Maxine's for a while now , but I wasn't sure I could afford ninety-five dollars for a dress at the moment . Um , ninety-five dollars ? Yes , that's the price they were advertising it at . I was hoping it might go on sale soon . Why , how much did you pay for it ?
Um , ninety-five dollars ? Yes , that's the price they were advertising it at . I was hoping it might go on sale soon . Why , how much did you pay for it ? I bought it for one hundred and forty-five dollars at Helen's Boutique . I didn't know I could get it cheaper somewhere else .
Yes , that's the price they were advertising it at . I was hoping it might go on sale soon . Why , how much did you pay for it ? I bought it for one hundred and forty-five dollars at Helen's Boutique . I didn't know I could get it cheaper somewhere else . Of course ! Everything at Helen's is overpriced , and they sell things that you can find at almost every other clothing store ! Why didn't you shop around ?
My friend Jean is very beautiful . What's her figure ? Perfect , and I like her charming eyes too .
What's her figure ? Perfect , and I like her charming eyes too . What's the color of her eyes ?
Hi Paul . How are you , friend . Not good . My cousin is driving me up the wall . How so ?
Not good . My cousin is driving me up the wall . How so ? He stays up untill all hours of the night , and he never lifts a finger to help .
How so ? He stays up untill all hours of the night , and he never lifts a finger to help . Have you talk to him about it ?
He stays up untill all hours of the night , and he never lifts a finger to help . Have you talk to him about it ? Not yet , but I have to soon . He's eating me out of house and home . I caught him reading the fridge again last night
Have you talk to him about it ? Not yet , but I have to soon . He's eating me out of house and home . I caught him reading the fridge again last night Ahahah , Maybe that will help you lose weight .
Not yet , but I have to soon . He's eating me out of house and home . I caught him reading the fridge again last night Ahahah , Maybe that will help you lose weight . This is no laughing matter , Nick .
Ahahah , Maybe that will help you lose weight . This is no laughing matter , Nick . Sorry Paul . I couldn't help it . So why doesn't he give you a hand ?
This is no laughing matter , Nick . Sorry Paul . I couldn't help it . So why doesn't he give you a hand ? He watch the tob too much . Now really I don't know . But I can't handle this much longer .
Margaret , do you think I should enroll in the science course ? Yes , I think so , If you want to graduated this year , you've got to take a science course . Right , I figure since you are doing premedical , you know about the very courses .
Yes , I think so , If you want to graduated this year , you've got to take a science course . Right , I figure since you are doing premedical , you know about the very courses . Well , I have to take biology , chemistry , maps and physics . what you need is a good introductory course for non-science majors .
Right , I figure since you are doing premedical , you know about the very courses . Well , I have to take biology , chemistry , maps and physics . what you need is a good introductory course for non-science majors . Yes , I really weak in maps , I did poorly in high school .
Ms . Wang , this is Mr . Cooper , president of Ivy Publishing . It's nice to meet you , Mr . Cooper . Nice to meet you , Ms . Wang . You must be exhausted after your long trip from Canada .
Joe , how are you doing ? I am great ! How about you , Mary ? How are you ? I am doing great ! Thank you for asking , Joe .
I am great ! How about you , Mary ? How are you ? I am doing great ! Thank you for asking , Joe . I was wondering if you want to go see a movie with me tonight ?
I am doing great ! Thank you for asking , Joe . I was wondering if you want to go see a movie with me tonight ? I need to stay home tonight and finish my term paper .
I was wondering if you want to go see a movie with me tonight ? I need to stay home tonight and finish my term paper . OK . What about going to the movies on Friday night ?
I need to stay home tonight and finish my term paper . OK . What about going to the movies on Friday night ? What were you planning on seeing ?
OK . What about going to the movies on Friday night ? What were you planning on seeing ? I was thinking about seeing that one about the rapist serial killer .
What were you planning on seeing ? I was thinking about seeing that one about the rapist serial killer . How about " The Secret Life of Bees " ?
You look so happy , Anna . Any good news ? Yes . I ' Ve won the first prize in the math contest . Really ? Congratulations !
Yes . I ' Ve won the first prize in the math contest . Really ? Congratulations ! Thank you , Paul .
Really ? Congratulations ! Thank you , Paul . By the way , would you like to have dinner with me tomorrow evening ? Tomorrow is my birthday .
Thank you , Paul . By the way , would you like to have dinner with me tomorrow evening ? Tomorrow is my birthday . Good , happy birthday to you !
By the way , would you like to have dinner with me tomorrow evening ? Tomorrow is my birthday . Good , happy birthday to you ! Not so soon . It ' s not my birthday today . Well , you ' ll come , won ' t you ?
Good , happy birthday to you ! Not so soon . It ' s not my birthday today . Well , you ' ll come , won ' t you ? Sure , I will . Thank you for inviting me .
Excuse me , i am a new student here . Could you tell me where the English Department is ? It is in that brand new , tall building over there . On the 9th floor . Where is the school cafeteria ?
It is in that brand new , tall building over there . On the 9th floor . Where is the school cafeteria ? It is the basement of that red building in front of the tower with big bells .
Where is the school cafeteria ? It is the basement of that red building in front of the tower with big bells . Where is the Computer Center ?
It is the basement of that red building in front of the tower with big bells . Where is the Computer Center ? The Computer Center is on the first floor of the library .
Where is the Computer Center ? The Computer Center is on the first floor of the library . Where is the library ?
The Computer Center is on the first floor of the library . Where is the library ? The library is next to the Adminstration Building . The Adminstration Building is over there near the school ' s main entrance . There are school maps for free in the lobby of the Admin .
Where is the library ? The library is next to the Adminstration Building . The Adminstration Building is over there near the school ' s main entrance . There are school maps for free in the lobby of the Admin . Thank you . I will go get one .
The library is next to the Adminstration Building . The Adminstration Building is over there near the school ' s main entrance . There are school maps for free in the lobby of the Admin . Thank you . I will go get one . Sure . Glad to be of service . By the way , my name is Mike Sullivan . You will see me around a lot . I am running for President of the Student Government .
Thank you . I will go get one . Sure . Glad to be of service . By the way , my name is Mike Sullivan . You will see me around a lot . I am running for President of the Student Government . Well , hi ! My name is Eve Markowski . I am glad to meet you . With your friendly smile and helpful attitude . I am sure you will win .
Sure . Glad to be of service . By the way , my name is Mike Sullivan . You will see me around a lot . I am running for President of the Student Government . Well , hi ! My name is Eve Markowski . I am glad to meet you . With your friendly smile and helpful attitude . I am sure you will win . Thanks you for the encouragement .
Well , hi ! My name is Eve Markowski . I am glad to meet you . With your friendly smile and helpful attitude . I am sure you will win . Thanks you for the encouragement . You are welcome . I ' d better go . Goodbye .
I hear that Mary got mad . So I heard . What ' s wrong with her ?
I can ' t stand being with you anymore . I'm sick of your drinking . I swear never to drink again . Just give me another chance , please ! How many chances have I given you ? I don ' t trust you any more .
Good morning , Angela , how have you been lately ? Morning , Michael . I ' Ve been very busy lately . One of our other vendors is going out of business and I ' Ve been searching for a suitable replacement . Well , rest assured that you can count on us to be here for the long run , sitdown . Coffee ?
Morning , Michael . I ' Ve been very busy lately . One of our other vendors is going out of business and I ' Ve been searching for a suitable replacement . Well , rest assured that you can count on us to be here for the long run , sitdown . Coffee ? No , thanks . I ' Ve been trying to cut down on the caffeine .
Well , rest assured that you can count on us to be here for the long run , sitdown . Coffee ? No , thanks . I ' Ve been trying to cut down on the caffeine . Haha , I could never do that . I ' d be a zombie if I didn ' t have my morning coffee fix . Let ' s get down to business then .
No , thanks . I ' Ve been trying to cut down on the caffeine . Haha , I could never do that . I ' d be a zombie if I didn ' t have my morning coffee fix . Let ' s get down to business then . Yes . I ' Ve come to talk with you about ordering the eight megapixel cameras for our new methone . The demand for phone cameras is growing , and Pear has been falling behind in the market .
Haha , I could never do that . I ' d be a zombie if I didn ' t have my morning coffee fix . Let ' s get down to business then . Yes . I ' Ve come to talk with you about ordering the eight megapixel cameras for our new methone . The demand for phone cameras is growing , and Pear has been falling behind in the market . That ' s great ! I ' m glad to hear that Pear has finally jumped on the bandwagon . Right now our contract is for the five megapixel cameras . Is Pear still interested in having those ?
Yes . I ' Ve come to talk with you about ordering the eight megapixel cameras for our new methone . The demand for phone cameras is growing , and Pear has been falling behind in the market . That ' s great ! I ' m glad to hear that Pear has finally jumped on the bandwagon . Right now our contract is for the five megapixel cameras . Is Pear still interested in having those ? No , we ' re changing all the cameras to eight megapixels . We were hoping that by making your company our sole supplier for cameras we could negotiate a better deal .
When was America discovered , Tony ? I'm not certain . Do you know ? America was discovered by Christopher Columbus in 1492 .
I'm not certain . Do you know ? America was discovered by Christopher Columbus in 1492 . In a way that's right . But the Vikings travelled there long beforeColumbus . And what about the Red Indians ?
America was discovered by Christopher Columbus in 1492 . In a way that's right . But the Vikings travelled there long beforeColumbus . And what about the Red Indians ? All right . Ask me a question now .
In a way that's right . But the Vikings travelled there long beforeColumbus . And what about the Red Indians ? All right . Ask me a question now . Who invented the electric light bulb ?
All right . Ask me a question now . Who invented the electric light bulb ? That's easy . It was invented by Edison .
Who invented the electric light bulb ? That's easy . It was invented by Edison . Correct . Now for a harder question . Who will be the first men on Mars ?
That's easy . It was invented by Edison . Correct . Now for a harder question . Who will be the first men on Mars ? I can't answer that . But I think Mars will be visited by men before theed of this century .
Correct . Now for a harder question . Who will be the first men on Mars ? I can't answer that . But I think Mars will be visited by men before theed of this century . Ask me a question now .
I can't answer that . But I think Mars will be visited by men before theed of this century . Ask me a question now . All right . What is the nearest planet to the sun ?
OK , everyone . Gather around . Here are the rules . No tackling . No pushing . You shouldn't grab someone else's shirt . That's a foul . Play is stopped when the person with the ball is touched .
You shouldn't grab someone else's shirt . That's a foul . Play is stopped when the person with the ball is touched . You can touch them only between the shoulder and the knees .
Play is stopped when the person with the ball is touched . You can touch them only between the shoulder and the knees . The touchdown lines are there and there . OK , let's play !
Is there anything worth watching on another channel ? I think there ' s a Western on . Do you mind if we watch it . I ' d really like to see it .
I think there ' s a Western on . Do you mind if we watch it . I ' d really like to see it . Well , I really wanted to see the football game .
Do you mind if we watch it . I ' d really like to see it . Well , I really wanted to see the football game . Football game ? Ok , and you know what comes on next ?
Well , I really wanted to see the football game . Football game ? Ok , and you know what comes on next ? I believe there ' s a sitcom .
Football game ? Ok , and you know what comes on next ? I believe there ' s a sitcom . Are you interested in watching it ?
I believe there ' s a sitcom . Are you interested in watching it ? Let me look in the TV Guide first .
Are you interested in watching it ? Let me look in the TV Guide first . Oh , I am sorry . What's on Channel 2 at 10 pm ?
Let me look in the TV Guide first . Oh , I am sorry . What's on Channel 2 at 10 pm ? If I remember correctly , it's a quiz show .
Oh , I am sorry . What's on Channel 2 at 10 pm ? If I remember correctly , it's a quiz show . Do you want to watch it ?
Ah , here we are . This is the place I was telling you about . Would you like to sit near the window ?
This is the place I was telling you about . Would you like to sit near the window ? Good .
Would you like to sit near the window ? Good . Let's have a look at the menu . Oh , there isn't a menu . Do you think you could ask the people at the next table if we could look at their menu ?
Welcome . What can I do for you , Madam ? I hope you can give me some advice . I'm sick and tired of coming here or to the post office to pay my utility bills . It's such a long way from my home , but I checked and you are my nearest branch . Is there anyway I can do it from home ? That's terrible . Unfortunately , we don't have that many branches outside the centre of town . What I'd advise you to do is set up a Direct Debit Service .
I hope you can give me some advice . I'm sick and tired of coming here or to the post office to pay my utility bills . It's such a long way from my home , but I checked and you are my nearest branch . Is there anyway I can do it from home ? That's terrible . Unfortunately , we don't have that many branches outside the centre of town . What I'd advise you to do is set up a Direct Debit Service . A Direct Debit Service ? What's that exactly ?
That's terrible . Unfortunately , we don't have that many branches outside the centre of town . What I'd advise you to do is set up a Direct Debit Service . A Direct Debit Service ? What's that exactly ? A Direct Debit means that every month we can arrange for all of your utility bills to come directly out of your account , no fuss , no hassle .
A Direct Debit Service ? What's that exactly ? A Direct Debit means that every month we can arrange for all of your utility bills to come directly out of your account , no fuss , no hassle . But how will you know how much I should pay ? I mean , I receive my bills , not you .
A Direct Debit means that every month we can arrange for all of your utility bills to come directly out of your account , no fuss , no hassle . But how will you know how much I should pay ? I mean , I receive my bills , not you . We set up an agreement with the , say , phone company . They tell us how much to pay them every month and we pay directly from your account . Of course , we are able to do this with all of the utilities companies .
We quarreled yesterday , and he picked up and left . Terrible ! Does he want to divorce ? I am not sure .
Hey , look , there is a circus show over there . I'm not in the mood . It's the circus .
I'm not in the mood . It's the circus . I don't want to sit there and watch them torturing the animals .
It's the circus . I don't want to sit there and watch them torturing the animals . Oh , come on , they give them treat too . Oh , look , that little monkey is so cute .
I don't want to sit there and watch them torturing the animals . Oh , come on , they give them treat too . Oh , look , that little monkey is so cute . Cute ? Hope so .
Oh , come on , they give them treat too . Oh , look , that little monkey is so cute . Cute ? Hope so . Oh , it is coming to us , come on , Ben , get a banana to it .
Cute ? Hope so . Oh , it is coming to us , come on , Ben , get a banana to it . Me ? No way , keep him away from me , please .
Oh , it is coming to us , come on , Ben , get a banana to it . Me ? No way , keep him away from me , please . Why are you acting so strange today ?
Me ? No way , keep him away from me , please . Why are you acting so strange today ? I've said that I've got a problem with the circus . I'm not kidding .
Hello ! How do I get more amenities ? I'm sorry , sir . I'm not sure I understand . I'm talking about the free stuff , like soap and shampoo .
I'm sorry , sir . I'm not sure I understand . I'm talking about the free stuff , like soap and shampoo . Oh , I see . So , you're saying that you've already run out of your amenities .
I'm talking about the free stuff , like soap and shampoo . Oh , I see . So , you're saying that you've already run out of your amenities . No , no . I've got plenty left .
Oh , I see . So , you're saying that you've already run out of your amenities . No , no . I've got plenty left . Now I'm confused again ! What is the problem ?
No , no . I've got plenty left . Now I'm confused again ! What is the problem ? What am I going to do about souvenirs ?
Now I'm confused again ! What is the problem ? What am I going to do about souvenirs ? Oh , I get it ! You want souvenirs !
What am I going to do about souvenirs ? Oh , I get it ! You want souvenirs ! Yes , I've got enough soap for my use , but no extra soap for souvenirs .
Oh , I get it ! You want souvenirs ! Yes , I've got enough soap for my use , but no extra soap for souvenirs . Sir , our souvenir shop carries all those items , and as a guest you get a discount .
Yes , I've got enough soap for my use , but no extra soap for souvenirs . Sir , our souvenir shop carries all those items , and as a guest you get a discount . Please ! Free souvenirs are the only true souvenirs .
Bill , do you know if the cafeteria around the corner's open today ? Yes . They were open this morning when I came to work . They must've finished remodeling . Why do you want to know ? Well , I thought that maybe we could go there for lunch today . That is , if you haven't promised to go with someone else .
Yes . They were open this morning when I came to work . They must've finished remodeling . Why do you want to know ? Well , I thought that maybe we could go there for lunch today . That is , if you haven't promised to go with someone else . That'd be wonderful , Peter . But I hope you're in a better mood than you were this morning .
Well , I thought that maybe we could go there for lunch today . That is , if you haven't promised to go with someone else . That'd be wonderful , Peter . But I hope you're in a better mood than you were this morning . I'm sorry I was such a grouch . It must've been the weather . When it rains I get depressed .
His grandfather is the richest person in the area . What a miser ! He cycles to school every day . His grandfather's money is not his .
We have the orientation this afternoon . What ' s going to be covered in the orientation ? The company introduction , our mission , vision , various policies , insurances , pension plan , company ID , batch , telephone , e-mail set-up and training .
What ' s going to be covered in the orientation ? The company introduction , our mission , vision , various policies , insurances , pension plan , company ID , batch , telephone , e-mail set-up and training . Quite a lot . All them one afternoon ?
The company introduction , our mission , vision , various policies , insurances , pension plan , company ID , batch , telephone , e-mail set-up and training . Quite a lot . All them one afternoon ? Yes , it is not easy .
I hate to go outside . Me too . Why do you hate to go outside ?
Me too . Why do you hate to go outside ? I meet too many jerks .
Why do you hate to go outside ? I meet too many jerks . I agree .
I meet too many jerks . I agree . This city is full of jerks .
I agree . This city is full of jerks . Rude people are everywhere .
This city is full of jerks . Rude people are everywhere . But what can you do ?
Rude people are everywhere . But what can you do ? You can yell at them .
But what can you do ? You can yell at them . And they will yell back at you .
You can yell at them . And they will yell back at you . Yelling doesn't do any good .
How did you find your apartment ? You can check on the bulletin boards at school for local housing . What if I need a roommate ?
You can check on the bulletin boards at school for local housing . What if I need a roommate ? There are websites that can hook you up with a roommate .
What if I need a roommate ? There are websites that can hook you up with a roommate . How much do apartments cost around here ?
There are websites that can hook you up with a roommate . How much do apartments cost around here ? It depends on what you want . Do you want a one - or two-bedroom apartment ?
How much do apartments cost around here ? It depends on what you want . Do you want a one - or two-bedroom apartment ? I just need a one-bedroom apartment .
It depends on what you want . Do you want a one - or two-bedroom apartment ? I just need a one-bedroom apartment . That will probably cost you around twelve hundred dollars a month .
I just need a one-bedroom apartment . That will probably cost you around twelve hundred dollars a month . Would you come with me to look at apartments ?
Hey Rachael , what's up ? How is your day ? Not bad . We have had a big meeting today , remember ? Oh , yea . I forgot . So how did it go ?
Not bad . We have had a big meeting today , remember ? Oh , yea . I forgot . So how did it go ? Pretty well . I think the boss liked my ideas .
Oh , yea . I forgot . So how did it go ? Pretty well . I think the boss liked my ideas . Great , so what happens now ?
What happened ? Why didn't he win ? Didn't you hear ? He was disqualified . How did that happen ? He's so talented ! I thought he had a great chance of winning a gold medal !
Didn't you hear ? He was disqualified . How did that happen ? He's so talented ! I thought he had a great chance of winning a gold medal ! If he didn't have any drug problems , he would have won .
How did that happen ? He's so talented ! I thought he had a great chance of winning a gold medal ! If he didn't have any drug problems , he would have won . What ? What kind of drugs was he using ?
If he didn't have any drug problems , he would have won . What ? What kind of drugs was he using ? He was taking steroids to make him stronger and faster .
What ? What kind of drugs was he using ? He was taking steroids to make him stronger and faster . I thought that all athletes were supposed to be regularly tested for drugs .
He was taking steroids to make him stronger and faster . I thought that all athletes were supposed to be regularly tested for drugs . They are . The only reason they didn't disqualify him until after the race is because the results from the text only came back afterwards .
I thought that all athletes were supposed to be regularly tested for drugs . They are . The only reason they didn't disqualify him until after the race is because the results from the text only came back afterwards . That's so disappointing . I don't know why top athletes would feel the need to take drugs .
They are . The only reason they didn't disqualify him until after the race is because the results from the text only came back afterwards . That's so disappointing . I don't know why top athletes would feel the need to take drugs . I don't think it's right , but I can understand why they might . Imagine how much pressure there would be to win for your country !
That's so disappointing . I don't know why top athletes would feel the need to take drugs . I don't think it's right , but I can understand why they might . Imagine how much pressure there would be to win for your country ! Regardless of how much pressure you're under , there's never a good reason to take drugs .
I don't think it's right , but I can understand why they might . Imagine how much pressure there would be to win for your country ! Regardless of how much pressure you're under , there's never a good reason to take drugs . I agree . Hopefully with the new regulations , fewer athletes will try to cheat with drugs .
What date would you like to depart , sir ? Do you have any seats for September 16th ? Let's see ... I'm afraid the 16th is fully booked . But I have seats for the 17th .
Do you have any seats for September 16th ? Let's see ... I'm afraid the 16th is fully booked . But I have seats for the 17th . The 17th will be fine .
Let's see ... I'm afraid the 16th is fully booked . But I have seats for the 17th . The 17th will be fine . And what date will you be returning ?
The 17th will be fine . And what date will you be returning ? Hmm , I guess on the 28th .
And what date will you be returning ? Hmm , I guess on the 28th . Okay , you're booked on American Airlines flight 710 , departing JFK at 6
Do you think Tom will be elected president ? No , I think Harry will get it . Let's make a bet on who gets it .
Sorry , stewardess . Where shall I put my bags ? You can place the smaller one in the overhead bin and put the bigger one under the seat in front of you . Thank you very much .
Oh , so Dalian is hotter than New York now . Not hot but warm . Very comfortable . Are you staying at the Hilton ?
You are an outgoing person , quite easy to talk with . Yes , my friends like to get along with me well . Do you have many friends ?
Yes , my friends like to get along with me well . Do you have many friends ? Yes , I like to make new friends .
Do you have many friends ? Yes , I like to make new friends . What do you usually do with them ?
Hey , what's new ? Not much . Just sitting here eating some Chinese food . Is that the paper ? Why don't you open it and tell me my horoscope ? Ok , wait a minute ... let's see . I'm a Taurus , and it says , Mars is in the third house , and is soon to eclipse Venus . I don't know what that means , but then it says , Your charm and drive will win others over to your way of thinking . Remember to be positive . Sounds good to me .
Not much . Just sitting here eating some Chinese food . Is that the paper ? Why don't you open it and tell me my horoscope ? Ok , wait a minute ... let's see . I'm a Taurus , and it says , Mars is in the third house , and is soon to eclipse Venus . I don't know what that means , but then it says , Your charm and drive will win others over to your way of thinking . Remember to be positive . Sounds good to me . What about Gemini ? What's the prediction ?
Ok , wait a minute ... let's see . I'm a Taurus , and it says , Mars is in the third house , and is soon to eclipse Venus . I don't know what that means , but then it says , Your charm and drive will win others over to your way of thinking . Remember to be positive . Sounds good to me . What about Gemini ? What's the prediction ? Since Mercury has crossed paths with Jupiter , your fortunes are falling . Bad luck will follow you today , and you will lose that which you value . Be careful .
What about Gemini ? What's the prediction ? Since Mercury has crossed paths with Jupiter , your fortunes are falling . Bad luck will follow you today , and you will lose that which you value . Be careful . That sounds bad ! I'm really worried , what should I do ? Maybe I should go home and stay in the rest of the day .
How upsetting ! He has been away for a week ! I don't know if anything terrible has happened . I have reported it to the police .
How may I help you ? I ' m having a problem . What problem are you having ?
I ' m having a problem . What problem are you having ? There have been charges made on my debit card that I didn ' t make .
What problem are you having ? There have been charges made on my debit card that I didn ' t make . Do you have the statement for your card ?
There have been charges made on my debit card that I didn ' t make . Do you have the statement for your card ? Here it is .
Do you have the statement for your card ? Here it is . What are the charges you ' re referring to ?
Here it is . What are the charges you ' re referring to ? The last four charges on the page .
What are the charges you ' re referring to ? The last four charges on the page . I ' m afraid we ' re going to have to investigate these charges .
The last four charges on the page . I ' m afraid we ' re going to have to investigate these charges . How long will an investigation take ?
I ' m afraid we ' re going to have to investigate these charges . How long will an investigation take ? I honestly don ' t know , but we will freeze payment on these charges .
I want to buy a black suit . Certainty . Do you want double breasted suit or single breasted suit ? I prefer single breasted suit .
Certainty . Do you want double breasted suit or single breasted suit ? I prefer single breasted suit . What about this one ? It's a very nice 3 - piece suit .
Hello , Miss Wu , This is Dan Robson calling from OTC limited . I'd like to check my last order . When exactly was it sent out ? I can check that for you right now . Would you mind holding ? Sure . No problem .
I can check that for you right now . Would you mind holding ? Sure . No problem . Mr . Robson , I'm sorry . Our computer system is down . Could I call you back later ?
Sure . No problem . Mr . Robson , I'm sorry . Our computer system is down . Could I call you back later ? Sure . Do you have my number ?
Mr . Robson , I'm sorry . Our computer system is down . Could I call you back later ? Sure . Do you have my number ? Yes , I have it right here . I'm so sorry about this .
Do you have any questions ? Yes , do I have to work a whole year before I can take a vacation ? Yes , after you ' Ve been here a year , you qualify for a three-day vacation
Yes , do I have to work a whole year before I can take a vacation ? Yes , after you ' Ve been here a year , you qualify for a three-day vacation Only three days ?
Yes , after you ' Ve been here a year , you qualify for a three-day vacation Only three days ? That's the company policy .
Only three days ? That's the company policy . What happens if I use up my sick days before the end of the year ? If I ' m sick an extra day or two , will my pay be deducted ?
That's the company policy . What happens if I use up my sick days before the end of the year ? If I ' m sick an extra day or two , will my pay be deducted ? Yes . That's the company policy .
David , I ' m going to China . Really ? How did you get the chance ? You know . I took part in the Chinese contest . I was the best and they gave me this reward . I don ' t have to pay for my trip .
Really ? How did you get the chance ? You know . I took part in the Chinese contest . I was the best and they gave me this reward . I don ' t have to pay for my trip . Congratulations . How lucky you are !
You know . I took part in the Chinese contest . I was the best and they gave me this reward . I don ' t have to pay for my trip . Congratulations . How lucky you are ! Thank you . I ' m leaving tomorrow morning .
Congratulations . How lucky you are ! Thank you . I ' m leaving tomorrow morning . I ' m sure you ' ll enjoy the trip . China is such a beautiful country .
Thank you . I ' m leaving tomorrow morning . I ' m sure you ' ll enjoy the trip . China is such a beautiful country . I ' m sure I will .
I ' m sure you ' ll enjoy the trip . China is such a beautiful country . I ' m sure I will . Have a nice journey , Lily .
That dress is very pretty . Why don ' t you like it ? It ' s too loud . We ' Ve been looking around for many hours . What on earth are you looking for ?
It ' s too loud . We ' Ve been looking around for many hours . What on earth are you looking for ? Well , you know , those styles or colors don ' t suit me .
We ' Ve been looking around for many hours . What on earth are you looking for ? Well , you know , those styles or colors don ' t suit me . What style do you want ?
Well , you know , those styles or colors don ' t suit me . What style do you want ? I want to buy a V-neck checked sweater , and it should be tight .
What style do you want ? I want to buy a V-neck checked sweater , and it should be tight . Oh , I see . How about the color ?
I want to buy a V-neck checked sweater , and it should be tight . Oh , I see . How about the color ? Quiet color .
Oh , I see . How about the color ? Quiet color . I know a shop selling this kind of sweaters .
Good morning . Craftsman Company . Can I help you ? Yes , good morning . This is Mr . Suzuki from Video TV . May I speak to Mr . Johnson ? I'm sorry , but Mr . Johnson is out at the moment . Can I take a message ?
Yes , good morning . This is Mr . Suzuki from Video TV . May I speak to Mr . Johnson ? I'm sorry , but Mr . Johnson is out at the moment . Can I take a message ? Uh , yes , okay . Tell him John Suzuki called . That's S-U-Z-U-K-I .
I'm sorry , but Mr . Johnson is out at the moment . Can I take a message ? Uh , yes , okay . Tell him John Suzuki called . That's S-U-Z-U-K-I . Yes .
Uh , yes , okay . Tell him John Suzuki called . That's S-U-Z-U-K-I . Yes . From Video TV .
Yes . From Video TV . Yes , Video TV .
From Video TV . Yes , Video TV . Tell him I telephoned . I'd like to see him about the videotapes . Can he call me this afternoon ?
Yes , Video TV . Tell him I telephoned . I'd like to see him about the videotapes . Can he call me this afternoon ? Yes , Of course . What's your telephone number ?
Tell him I telephoned . I'd like to see him about the videotapes . Can he call me this afternoon ? Yes , Of course . What's your telephone number ? It's , area code 413 , 447-9626 .
Yes , Of course . What's your telephone number ? It's , area code 413 , 447-9626 . That is 413-447-9662 ?
It's , area code 413 , 447-9626 . That is 413-447-9662 ? No , that's 447-9626 .
That is 413-447-9662 ? No , that's 447-9626 . Oh , I'm sorry , 447-9626 .
No , that's 447-9626 . Oh , I'm sorry , 447-9626 . Yes , that's right . Extension 162 .
Oh , I'm sorry , 447-9626 . Yes , that's right . Extension 162 . Extension 162 . Okay , Mr . Suzuki . I'll give him the message .
Yes , that's right . Extension 162 . Extension 162 . Okay , Mr . Suzuki . I'll give him the message . Thank you . Good-bye .
Do you think they two will get married ? Yeah , you can count on it . I think so . Yes , they get along so well .
Yeah , you can count on it . I think so . Yes , they get along so well . I like him . He's good for her .
What can I do for you , miss ? I am looking for a pair of shoes . Do you like high heels or flat shoes ?
Aren't you Jim Green ? Yes , that's right . I believe we met at a concert last year . I'm Taylor .
What kind of gas does this car take ? I don't know . It's a rental . I will give you premium unleaded . Alright ?
I don't know . It's a rental . I will give you premium unleaded . Alright ? Sure , why not ?
I will give you premium unleaded . Alright ? Sure , why not ? That is the pump you are in front of .
Sure , why not ? That is the pump you are in front of . Is it expensive ?
That is the pump you are in front of . Is it expensive ? It is the most expensive .
Is it expensive ? It is the most expensive . Well , I don't want it then . Can I move to another pump ?
It is the most expensive . Well , I don't want it then . Can I move to another pump ? Yes , I can give you regular unleaded . But you have to back up the car a little .
Well , I don't want it then . Can I move to another pump ? Yes , I can give you regular unleaded . But you have to back up the car a little . Give me regular unleaded then . I will back up . Can you wash my windows for me ?
Yes , I can give you regular unleaded . But you have to back up the car a little . Give me regular unleaded then . I will back up . Can you wash my windows for me ? I'm sorry , sir . This is not a full service gas station . I will help you fill the gas , but we don't wash windows here .
How many people are there in your family ? Five . My father , mother , brother , sister-in-law and me . Is your brother older or younger than you ?
What's the matter , John ? you seemed to be restless today . You see , I've been offered a new job . I can't decide whether to take it or not . Oh , that's easy . If it's better than the one you are doing now , go for it . That's my advice .
You see , I've been offered a new job . I can't decide whether to take it or not . Oh , that's easy . If it's better than the one you are doing now , go for it . That's my advice . It isn't that easy . I hate to quit my present job . People around here are very nice and the work itself is challenging .
Oh , that's easy . If it's better than the one you are doing now , go for it . That's my advice . It isn't that easy . I hate to quit my present job . People around here are very nice and the work itself is challenging . Then what about the salary ? Would you get more ?
It isn't that easy . I hate to quit my present job . People around here are very nice and the work itself is challenging . Then what about the salary ? Would you get more ? Yes , they say I would get a big sum .
Then what about the salary ? Would you get more ? Yes , they say I would get a big sum . Have you discussed it with your wife ?
Yes , they say I would get a big sum . Have you discussed it with your wife ? Yes , she leaves it to me .
Have you discussed it with your wife ? Yes , she leaves it to me . As I say it the work is well worth try . After all you can get a higher salary .
I feel like going for a drink , it's been a long day . Great idea ! Peter , I could use the drink . How about the new bar across the road ?
Great idea ! Peter , I could use the drink . How about the new bar across the road ? Sounds good . The food there is fantastic too .
How about the new bar across the road ? Sounds good . The food there is fantastic too . I agree , I had lunch there last week .
Hi , Alice , what are you doing this sunday ? Nothing really , why , what ' s up ? If you are free , maybe you would like to go to a small party and having for my birthday party . It will be fun , you will get to know lots of people .
Nothing really , why , what ' s up ? If you are free , maybe you would like to go to a small party and having for my birthday party . It will be fun , you will get to know lots of people . Sounds great , I'd very much like to accept your invitation , thanks , when ?
If you are free , maybe you would like to go to a small party and having for my birthday party . It will be fun , you will get to know lots of people . Sounds great , I'd very much like to accept your invitation , thanks , when ? Around six pm .
Sounds great , I'd very much like to accept your invitation , thanks , when ? Around six pm . Do you need help setting up or anything ? I don't mind . I like to do that kind of thing . It's fun and I have a good eye for decorating .
Around six pm . Do you need help setting up or anything ? I don't mind . I like to do that kind of thing . It's fun and I have a good eye for decorating . No . thank you . I can handle it , but thanks for the offer .
Do you need help setting up or anything ? I don't mind . I like to do that kind of thing . It's fun and I have a good eye for decorating . No . thank you . I can handle it , but thanks for the offer . Ok , I will see you then .
Honey , I ' ll be right back ! Where are you going ? I told you already ! I ' m going to get my nails done .
Where are you going ? I told you already ! I ' m going to get my nails done . Again ? You just went last week ! You spend more time at the nail salon than you do here at home ! Honestly , why do you need a manicure every week ?
I told you already ! I ' m going to get my nails done . Again ? You just went last week ! You spend more time at the nail salon than you do here at home ! Honestly , why do you need a manicure every week ? Well , first of all , I like to pamper myself , and my nails look great . You should come with me !
Again ? You just went last week ! You spend more time at the nail salon than you do here at home ! Honestly , why do you need a manicure every week ? Well , first of all , I like to pamper myself , and my nails look great . You should come with me ! Why ? I don ' t want to have nail polish or anything like that !
Well , first of all , I like to pamper myself , and my nails look great . You should come with me ! Why ? I don ' t want to have nail polish or anything like that ! They don ' t only paint my nails ! The manicurist will remove my cuticles , file my nails , and apply at least nails coats of nail polish !
I'll be willing to come and talk about the financing of our imports . It can be solved by drawing a draft on us at 90 days sight . What about a draft at 120 days sight ?
It can be solved by drawing a draft on us at 90 days sight . What about a draft at 120 days sight ? All right . But we demand the draft be accepted by a bank acceptable to us .
What about a draft at 120 days sight ? All right . But we demand the draft be accepted by a bank acceptable to us . A bank's acceptance will add to the costs of our imports . You can rest assured that we will accept the draft and honour it when it comes due .
All right . But we demand the draft be accepted by a bank acceptable to us . A bank's acceptance will add to the costs of our imports . You can rest assured that we will accept the draft and honour it when it comes due . Then we will be in a position to arrange for a loan from our bank . You know we exports would like to have our investments returned as early as possible .
A bank's acceptance will add to the costs of our imports . You can rest assured that we will accept the draft and honour it when it comes due . Then we will be in a position to arrange for a loan from our bank . You know we exports would like to have our investments returned as early as possible . I hope this transaction will pave the way for further business relations between our two countries .
I want something sweet after dinner . What do you have in mind ? A dessert sounds nice .
What do you have in mind ? A dessert sounds nice . What kind are you thinking of getting ?
A dessert sounds nice . What kind are you thinking of getting ? I want to get some pie .
What kind are you thinking of getting ? I want to get some pie . What kind of pie do you want ?
I want to get some pie . What kind of pie do you want ? I have no idea .
What kind of pie do you want ? I have no idea . Do you want to know what kind of pie I like ?
I have no idea . Do you want to know what kind of pie I like ? Sure , what kind do you like ?
Do you want to know what kind of pie I like ? Sure , what kind do you like ? I love apple pie .
Sure , what kind do you like ? I love apple pie . Oh , I love apple pie too .
The product's selling points is its advanced technoledge . Unfortunately , it's just too expensive for majority of consumer to afford . Why is the price so high ?
Unfortunately , it's just too expensive for majority of consumer to afford . Why is the price so high ? It's not just that the price is high , it's that the overhead to update an entire computer system to be compatible is costly .
Why is the price so high ? It's not just that the price is high , it's that the overhead to update an entire computer system to be compatible is costly . Model of computers aren't compatible ?
It's not just that the price is high , it's that the overhead to update an entire computer system to be compatible is costly . Model of computers aren't compatible ? Most current computer systems simply can't handle it because this model truly has extraordinary capabilities .
Model of computers aren't compatible ? Most current computer systems simply can't handle it because this model truly has extraordinary capabilities . Maybe after the next generation of technology comes out , the price of this model will become more affordable .
Most current computer systems simply can't handle it because this model truly has extraordinary capabilities . Maybe after the next generation of technology comes out , the price of this model will become more affordable . But by then , the technology will be outdated .
Maybe after the next generation of technology comes out , the price of this model will become more affordable . But by then , the technology will be outdated . True , but our focus has never been affordability anyway . Coastwise , we may not be very competitive , but qualitywise , we definitely have an edge .
But by then , the technology will be outdated . True , but our focus has never been affordability anyway . Coastwise , we may not be very competitive , but qualitywise , we definitely have an edge . That's right , no one else has a product on the market now that is comparable .
True , but our focus has never been affordability anyway . Coastwise , we may not be very competitive , but qualitywise , we definitely have an edge . That's right , no one else has a product on the market now that is comparable . This model has advanced technoledge , superior components , it is compact , and it's a top-quality product .
I am calling to consult you about the job as a copywriter . Yes , what do you want to know ? The information is scanty for me . And can you describe the responsibilities of the position ?
Marketing manage office , can I help you ? Mr Green , please . Sorry , he's out .
Mr Green , please . Sorry , he's out . What time you suspect back them ?
Sorry , he's out . What time you suspect back them ? Sorry , I am not sure , can I take a message ?
What time you suspect back them ? Sorry , I am not sure , can I take a message ? No , thanks . I'll call back later .
Sorry , I am not sure , can I take a message ? No , thanks . I'll call back later . That's fine . please call again later .
Have you heard what happened ? Heard what ? Deborah already had her baby .
Heard what ? Deborah already had her baby . I didn't know that .
Deborah already had her baby . I didn't know that . I thought you knew .
I didn't know that . I thought you knew . I honestly didn't know .
I thought you knew . I honestly didn't know . The baby was 8 pounds 6 ounces .
I honestly didn't know . The baby was 8 pounds 6 ounces . That's good to hear .
The baby was 8 pounds 6 ounces . That's good to hear . Will you go and visit them ?
That's good to hear . Will you go and visit them ? Of course I will .
Will you go and visit them ? Of course I will . I just wanted to give you the good news .
The air conditioning is not working ! We need to call a handyman before we start to fry in here ! Dan is on top of that . I think they are also getting the handyman to fix the bathroom toilet that keeps clogging up . That would be convenient . They might as well ask him to fix the electrical wiring . The circuit breakers keep going out all the time . It ' s really annoying !
Dan is on top of that . I think they are also getting the handyman to fix the bathroom toilet that keeps clogging up . That would be convenient . They might as well ask him to fix the electrical wiring . The circuit breakers keep going out all the time . It ' s really annoying ! Yeah you are right . This office is falling apart ! Frank told me the other day that the gutters outside were clogged and that ' s why the parking lot was flooded .
What do you think of this one ? Eh , so so . And this one ? Too flashy ?
Eh , so so . And this one ? Too flashy ? Nah , not too flashy .
And this one ? Too flashy ? Nah , not too flashy . Hug ! And this sweater from my aunt ? Isn ' t it hideous ?
Nah , not too flashy . Hug ! And this sweater from my aunt ? Isn ' t it hideous ? I guess .
Hug ! And this sweater from my aunt ? Isn ' t it hideous ? I guess . Are you even listening ? I ' m trying to have a conversation with you .
I guess . Are you even listening ? I ' m trying to have a conversation with you . And I ' m trying to watch the game , but you ' re yapping on about your new clothes !
Are you even listening ? I ' m trying to have a conversation with you . And I ' m trying to watch the game , but you ' re yapping on about your new clothes ! Well I have to decide which gifts to keep and which to exchange for better ones when I go to the Boxing Day sales this afternoon !
And I ' m trying to watch the game , but you ' re yapping on about your new clothes ! Well I have to decide which gifts to keep and which to exchange for better ones when I go to the Boxing Day sales this afternoon ! Well could you do me the favor of making this quick ? It ' s the third quarter and you ' Ve been blabbering on since the first !
Well I have to decide which gifts to keep and which to exchange for better ones when I go to the Boxing Day sales this afternoon ! Well could you do me the favor of making this quick ? It ' s the third quarter and you ' Ve been blabbering on since the first ! Oh , your precious game . You watch the same game every year , and each year your beloved hometown team loses by at least three goals !
Well could you do me the favor of making this quick ? It ' s the third quarter and you ' Ve been blabbering on since the first ! Oh , your precious game . You watch the same game every year , and each year your beloved hometown team loses by at least three goals ! Oh no you didn ' t . You didn ' t just insult the Sals-bury Seals , did you ? Why don ' t you just . just go and return all of those stupid clothes and not come back until the sales are over ?
What time does the train for Tibet leave ? It will leave at 3:00 p . m . When does it arrive ?
It will leave at 3:00 p . m . When does it arrive ? It should be due in at 7:30 a . m . tomorrow .
When does it arrive ? It should be due in at 7:30 a . m . tomorrow . How much is the ticket ?
It should be due in at 7:30 a . m . tomorrow . How much is the ticket ? It's 86 coach and 175 berths
What type of people do you work with most effectively ? I tend to work well with people who are confident and straightforward . It ' s more difficult for me to be around timid people , because I move quickly and I am decisive . What things impress you in your colleagues ?
I tend to work well with people who are confident and straightforward . It ' s more difficult for me to be around timid people , because I move quickly and I am decisive . What things impress you in your colleagues ? I admire and work best with people who are of good character and integrity . I also think confidence and enthusiasm is positive in any business environment .
What things impress you in your colleagues ? I admire and work best with people who are of good character and integrity . I also think confidence and enthusiasm is positive in any business environment . What are some of the things your supervisor did that you disliked ?
I admire and work best with people who are of good character and integrity . I also think confidence and enthusiasm is positive in any business environment . What are some of the things your supervisor did that you disliked ? The only thing I really don't like is to get feedback in front of others . I want to hear good and bad feedback in private , so that I have time to think and react to the issue without other distractions . I believe that's the fair way to improve learning or to change future behavior .
What are some of the things your supervisor did that you disliked ? The only thing I really don't like is to get feedback in front of others . I want to hear good and bad feedback in private , so that I have time to think and react to the issue without other distractions . I believe that's the fair way to improve learning or to change future behavior . How do you organize and plan for major projects ?
The only thing I really don't like is to get feedback in front of others . I want to hear good and bad feedback in private , so that I have time to think and react to the issue without other distractions . I believe that's the fair way to improve learning or to change future behavior . How do you organize and plan for major projects ? I love to brainstorm a best , worst , and most likely scenario . Then , I set a timetable that's realistic . What I usually find is that some combination of my schedule easily as these things unfold because I've already visualized what could happen and how I'd react .
How do you organize and plan for major projects ? I love to brainstorm a best , worst , and most likely scenario . Then , I set a timetable that's realistic . What I usually find is that some combination of my schedule easily as these things unfold because I've already visualized what could happen and how I'd react . Describe an experience when you had to work under great pressure .
I love to brainstorm a best , worst , and most likely scenario . Then , I set a timetable that's realistic . What I usually find is that some combination of my schedule easily as these things unfold because I've already visualized what could happen and how I'd react . Describe an experience when you had to work under great pressure . I had to complete an end of quarter report once while I was on the road for two consecutive weeks . The amount of telephoning back and forth was incredible , because I could't bring my office files with me . Luckily I had a great secretary and a logical filling system , so we located everything we needed .
Describe an experience when you had to work under great pressure . I had to complete an end of quarter report once while I was on the road for two consecutive weeks . The amount of telephoning back and forth was incredible , because I could't bring my office files with me . Luckily I had a great secretary and a logical filling system , so we located everything we needed . How do you manage your time in a typical day ?
I had to complete an end of quarter report once while I was on the road for two consecutive weeks . The amount of telephoning back and forth was incredible , because I could't bring my office files with me . Luckily I had a great secretary and a logical filling system , so we located everything we needed . How do you manage your time in a typical day ? I've always given priority to work with established clients , because they offer a better risk / return value . The last thing I do is general correspondence , especially internal correspondence , which I take care of at the end of the day or week .
How do you manage your time in a typical day ? I've always given priority to work with established clients , because they offer a better risk / return value . The last thing I do is general correspondence , especially internal correspondence , which I take care of at the end of the day or week . Describe a time when you acted on someone's suggestion .
How do you spend your day , Helen ? Well , on weekdays I get up around ten . Then I read the paper for an hour and have lunch at about noon . Really ? What time do you go to work ?
Well , on weekdays I get up around ten . Then I read the paper for an hour and have lunch at about noon . Really ? What time do you go to work ? I start work at three .
Really ? What time do you go to work ? I start work at three . And when do you get home at night ?
I start work at three . And when do you get home at night ? I get home pretty late , around midnight .
And when do you get home at night ? I get home pretty late , around midnight . So what do you do , exactly ?
I get home pretty late , around midnight . So what do you do , exactly ? I'm a TV announcer . Don't you recognize me ? I do the weather report on KNT !
Do you watch a lot of TV ? Not really . I could take it or leave it . Not me . I have to have my TV and watch whatever comes on .
I wonder if I can see your mother , little boy . Is she engaged ? Engaged ? She ' s married . Johnny , I wish you ' d stop reaching for things . Haven ' t you a tongue ?
Tim ' s smiles are interesting . Yes , they are shy and gentle but very powerful . You are right . They sweep Nancy off her feet . And now she fell head over heels in love with him .
Do you have anything to do after this ? No , I don't . Shall we drop in somewhere for a couple of drinks ?
No , I don't . Shall we drop in somewhere for a couple of drinks ? That sounds like a good idea .
Shall we drop in somewhere for a couple of drinks ? That sounds like a good idea . I know a very interesting place .
Man , I'm hungry . Do you know a good place to have lunch ? Yes , I know a great place . What types of food do you like ? Mexican , Japanese or Chinese would be great .
Yes , I know a great place . What types of food do you like ? Mexican , Japanese or Chinese would be great . Oh , I know a place where you might like to eat .
Mexican , Japanese or Chinese would be great . Oh , I know a place where you might like to eat . Is it close by ?
Oh , I know a place where you might like to eat . Is it close by ? It's down a block on the right ; can I show you the way ?
Is it close by ? It's down a block on the right ; can I show you the way ? OK , I'd love the company .
Good morning , I would like to reserve a berth . Which train do you like ? T112 to Washington please .
Which train do you like ? T112 to Washington please . May I have your name ?
Have you adapted to the lifestyle in China ? Yeah , almost . But there is one thing . What ?
Yeah , almost . But there is one thing . What ? I still wonder what privacy meant for Chinese people . I don't mean to say that there's no privacy in China , but ...
What ? I still wonder what privacy meant for Chinese people . I don't mean to say that there's no privacy in China , but ... What is it ?
I still wonder what privacy meant for Chinese people . I don't mean to say that there's no privacy in China , but ... What is it ? Some of my Chinese colleagues just share their personal stories in front of others .
What is it ? Some of my Chinese colleagues just share their personal stories in front of others . That makes you feel uncomfortable ?
Some of my Chinese colleagues just share their personal stories in front of others . That makes you feel uncomfortable ? Yeah . we never do that in a public office .
That makes you feel uncomfortable ? Yeah . we never do that in a public office . Perhaps that's because we hold different ideas about privacy .
Yeah . we never do that in a public office . Perhaps that's because we hold different ideas about privacy . I have felt that . One day when i was in a queue , reading a newspaper story , the man behind me peered through my shoulder and stared at the newspaper I was holding .
Perhaps that's because we hold different ideas about privacy . I have felt that . One day when i was in a queue , reading a newspaper story , the man behind me peered through my shoulder and stared at the newspaper I was holding . Well , that's not rare . I've seen people reading at others ' newspaper while taking a metro or a bus .
I have felt that . One day when i was in a queue , reading a newspaper story , the man behind me peered through my shoulder and stared at the newspaper I was holding . Well , that's not rare . I've seen people reading at others ' newspaper while taking a metro or a bus . Just stare at the newspaper holding in the hands of the one next to him ?
Well , that's not rare . I've seen people reading at others ' newspaper while taking a metro or a bus . Just stare at the newspaper holding in the hands of the one next to him ? Yeah .
Steven , shall we go shopping tomorrow ? Hum ... Why not go shopping the day after tomorrow ? Tomorrow is Saturday . I hate all the hustle and bustle of Saturday shopping . But Sunday is the same with Saturday . If you don ' t mind , that's OK .
Hum ... Why not go shopping the day after tomorrow ? Tomorrow is Saturday . I hate all the hustle and bustle of Saturday shopping . But Sunday is the same with Saturday . If you don ' t mind , that's OK . Hum . Maybe it will be better . The most important thing is that I can have a day to relax after a week's work .
But Sunday is the same with Saturday . If you don ' t mind , that's OK . Hum . Maybe it will be better . The most important thing is that I can have a day to relax after a week's work . I see . We will go the day after tomorrow .
Hum . Maybe it will be better . The most important thing is that I can have a day to relax after a week's work . I see . We will go the day after tomorrow . By the way , what kind of stores do we need to go ?
I see . We will go the day after tomorrow . By the way , what kind of stores do we need to go ? I want to buy some clothes in clothing store . When we are going back , go to the butcher's shop and buy some chicken .
By the way , what kind of stores do we need to go ? I want to buy some clothes in clothing store . When we are going back , go to the butcher's shop and buy some chicken . Let ' s also go to the jewelry store to buy a crystal necklace . I want to buy one for you as your birthday present .
Here is the fish counter . Look at the lobsters and crabs . Shall we have some ? I'm allergic to these things , you know . Sorry , I forgot . I don ' t like seafood , neither .
I'm allergic to these things , you know . Sorry , I forgot . I don ' t like seafood , neither . Let ' s go over there and get some milk , a couple dozen eggs and some orange juice .
Sorry , I forgot . I don ' t like seafood , neither . Let ' s go over there and get some milk , a couple dozen eggs and some orange juice . Let's get frozen juice . It is really good . We ' Ve got enough food . Let ' s go over to the check-out stand .
How about you and Tom ? What time is your wedding ? Don ' t be kidding , OK ? What ' s the matter ? So angry . I ' m just playing a joke with you .
Sorry . I didn't mean to be late . Can I come in ? What's your excuse this time ? Have I used the one that my sister is sick ?
What's your excuse this time ? Have I used the one that my sister is sick ? Yes , twice last week .
Have I used the one that my sister is sick ? Yes , twice last week . Are you sure ? I thought I said it was my mother .
Yes , twice last week . Are you sure ? I thought I said it was my mother . I don't think so . But it could've been .
Are you sure ? I thought I said it was my mother . I don't think so . But it could've been . Well . You can trust me this time . My sister is definitely sick . I'm just coming from the hospital . They say she might even die .
I don't think so . But it could've been . Well . You can trust me this time . My sister is definitely sick . I'm just coming from the hospital . They say she might even die . I don't buy your story . Try not to have any more sick relatives this week , all right ?
Well . You can trust me this time . My sister is definitely sick . I'm just coming from the hospital . They say she might even die . I don't buy your story . Try not to have any more sick relatives this week , all right ? I'll do my best .
I don't buy your story . Try not to have any more sick relatives this week , all right ? I'll do my best . Just try to be a little more punctual in the future .
I'm so glad I bought this watch ! Cool ! Flashy red lines ! I think this is the coolest watch I've ever owned .
Cool ! Flashy red lines ! I think this is the coolest watch I've ever owned . Is it waterproof ?
I think this is the coolest watch I've ever owned . Is it waterproof ? Isn't that a silly question ? You know how much of an athlete I am .
Is it waterproof ? Isn't that a silly question ? You know how much of an athlete I am . Uh , huh ... so what kind of sports do you need a waterproof watch for ?
Is there anything else , apart from the Credit Rating and Debt to Asset Ratio ? There is the Balance of Net Liabilities . This must not exceed its net assets and no business loss can be shown during the past two years . Right , OK . That , again , shouldn't be a problem .
There is the Balance of Net Liabilities . This must not exceed its net assets and no business loss can be shown during the past two years . Right , OK . That , again , shouldn't be a problem . And the total ratio of return on assets should not be lower than the average , for that particular industry , for the first two quarters of the year .
Right , OK . That , again , shouldn't be a problem . And the total ratio of return on assets should not be lower than the average , for that particular industry , for the first two quarters of the year . Well , as far as I can tell , we qualify .
Hi , Sam . I want to buy a pet . Do you have any ideas ? You really should go to Rachel's pet store . Why ? anything special there ?
You really should go to Rachel's pet store . Why ? anything special there ? It's more than special . You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more .
Why ? anything special there ? It's more than special . You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more . Oh , really ? are there any snakes ?
It's more than special . You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more . Oh , really ? are there any snakes ? Snakes ? there are even rodents and monkeys ! it's a world of exotic pets .
Oh , really ? are there any snakes ? Snakes ? there are even rodents and monkeys ! it's a world of exotic pets . That's terrific . I can't wait to check it out .
Snakes ? there are even rodents and monkeys ! it's a world of exotic pets . That's terrific . I can't wait to check it out . Hang on . are you sure you want to keep a non-traditional pet ?
That's terrific . I can't wait to check it out . Hang on . are you sure you want to keep a non-traditional pet ? Why not ? it's so cool .
Hang on . are you sure you want to keep a non-traditional pet ? Why not ? it's so cool . But it will pose a risk to your health .
Why not ? it's so cool . But it will pose a risk to your health . Pardon ?
But it will pose a risk to your health . Pardon ? I mean , most reptiles carry some harmful bacteria , they are likely to cause immune system problems .
Pardon ? I mean , most reptiles carry some harmful bacteria , they are likely to cause immune system problems . Well , I didn't realize that .
I mean , most reptiles carry some harmful bacteria , they are likely to cause immune system problems . Well , I didn't realize that . I don't believe it's a good choice to keep those pets , especially for families with young children .
Well , I didn't realize that . I don't believe it's a good choice to keep those pets , especially for families with young children . Oh , I should have thought of my brother's baby girl . Maybe I'll just have a dog instead of an exotic pet .
Good evening . What'll you have ? I'd like a beer . What kind of beer do you have ? Draft beer and cans beer . Which do you prefer ?
I'd like a beer . What kind of beer do you have ? Draft beer and cans beer . Which do you prefer ? A draft beer please .
Draft beer and cans beer . Which do you prefer ? A draft beer please . OK . Here you are .
A draft beer please . OK . Here you are . Could I have some fruit ?
I prefer potatoes to eggplants . I feel eggplants are more nutritious . But as a matter of fact , potatoes taste better .
Want to send out for some Chinese ? Some what ? Some Chinese food . I'm hungry , and there's a take-out restaurant near here . We can have them deliver and then watch the news on TV while we eat .
Some what ? Some Chinese food . I'm hungry , and there's a take-out restaurant near here . We can have them deliver and then watch the news on TV while we eat . No , I'd rather go out . The Chinese food here is rather different from what I had at home . Maybe we can try some other food today ... What about that all-you-can-eat place we passed the other day , the one over in the shopping center ?
Some Chinese food . I'm hungry , and there's a take-out restaurant near here . We can have them deliver and then watch the news on TV while we eat . No , I'd rather go out . The Chinese food here is rather different from what I had at home . Maybe we can try some other food today ... What about that all-you-can-eat place we passed the other day , the one over in the shopping center ? Okay . I could go for that . It's called Al's Steakhouse . They also have great fried fish , and I love their salad bar . You can go back to refill your plate as often as you like .
No , I'd rather go out . The Chinese food here is rather different from what I had at home . Maybe we can try some other food today ... What about that all-you-can-eat place we passed the other day , the one over in the shopping center ? Okay . I could go for that . It's called Al's Steakhouse . They also have great fried fish , and I love their salad bar . You can go back to refill your plate as often as you like . Is that the place that serves such large portions of meat ?
Okay . I could go for that . It's called Al's Steakhouse . They also have great fried fish , and I love their salad bar . You can go back to refill your plate as often as you like . Is that the place that serves such large portions of meat ? Yes , their steaks are enormous . Sometimes I can't finish what I've ordered .
Is that the place that serves such large portions of meat ? Yes , their steaks are enormous . Sometimes I can't finish what I've ordered . What if that happens to me ? I hate to let food go to waste .
Have you ever tried shopping online ? No , never . I prefer to actually see and touch what I'm buying before I pay for it , especially for clothes and shoes . That's right . Seeing is believing .
No , never . I prefer to actually see and touch what I'm buying before I pay for it , especially for clothes and shoes . That's right . Seeing is believing . I've heard some friends say when they get the article , it's quite different from what they see on the website advertisement .
That's right . Seeing is believing . I've heard some friends say when they get the article , it's quite different from what they see on the website advertisement . That happens . Without close quality examination , we may encounter fraud , and the e-shop may suddenly disappear .
I've heard some friends say when they get the article , it's quite different from what they see on the website advertisement . That happens . Without close quality examination , we may encounter fraud , and the e-shop may suddenly disappear . What's more , it's not always so safe for us to pay online as hackers might steal the user name and password .
That happens . Without close quality examination , we may encounter fraud , and the e-shop may suddenly disappear . What's more , it's not always so safe for us to pay online as hackers might steal the user name and password . It's said that some measures have been taken to deal with this problem . Paying online is much safer than before , but I still have the feeling that it's not safe enough .
What's more , it's not always so safe for us to pay online as hackers might steal the user name and password . It's said that some measures have been taken to deal with this problem . Paying online is much safer than before , but I still have the feeling that it's not safe enough . I can't agree more . that's why I only do street shopping .
It's said that some measures have been taken to deal with this problem . Paying online is much safer than before , but I still have the feeling that it's not safe enough . I can't agree more . that's why I only do street shopping . Me too . Sometimes I surf online shops to check some related information , and then go to a physical store to do the actual shopping .
I am so happy to know that the promotion campaign for our new product is very successful . We just made a record sale this season . That is very encouraging news . I heard that the marketing department has done a three months research , they sent the feedback information to the research and development center by the end of every month . That is to say , the R & D center redesigned the product twice before it was launched into the market . It is not an easy job . How do you like the advertisement for the new product ?
That is very encouraging news . I heard that the marketing department has done a three months research , they sent the feedback information to the research and development center by the end of every month . That is to say , the R & D center redesigned the product twice before it was launched into the market . It is not an easy job . How do you like the advertisement for the new product ? That is the best one I have seen . I am sure our target customers , young people will love it .
This is the Bell Captain's Desk . May I help you ? Yes , I've been waiting for my bags to be sent up for the last half hour . Where are they ? I'm very sorry to hear that . May I have your name and room number , please ?
Yes , I've been waiting for my bags to be sent up for the last half hour . Where are they ? I'm very sorry to hear that . May I have your name and room number , please ? Yes , it's Yao Lan . Room 406 .
I'm very sorry to hear that . May I have your name and room number , please ? Yes , it's Yao Lan . Room 406 . And how many pieces did you have ?
Yes , it's Yao Lan . Room 406 . And how many pieces did you have ? Two suitcases and a handbag . The suitcases are blue and the shoulder bag is red .
And how many pieces did you have ? Two suitcases and a handbag . The suitcases are blue and the shoulder bag is red . Is there a name tag attached to them ?
Two suitcases and a handbag . The suitcases are blue and the shoulder bag is red . Is there a name tag attached to them ? Yes , there is .
Do you think my briefcase is big enough to put in all these stuff ? Let me see . Laptop , flash disk , a ballpoint pen , a pencil , a notebook , a pair of glasses , cell phone , charger , moisture lotion , ... Oh , that is too much . You are not going to a business trip . I guess I need all of them .
Let me see . Laptop , flash disk , a ballpoint pen , a pencil , a notebook , a pair of glasses , cell phone , charger , moisture lotion , ... Oh , that is too much . You are not going to a business trip . I guess I need all of them . Actually , the company will provide you with all of these supplies . So , you can leave this very thick notebook at home .
I guess I need all of them . Actually , the company will provide you with all of these supplies . So , you can leave this very thick notebook at home . I know . But it is my lucky charm . I carry it all the time .
did you know that abortion is still illegal in many states in the USA ? why ? I thought Americans were supposed to be more open than that . well , for many religious people , they believe that people who abort their babies are murderers .
why ? I thought Americans were supposed to be more open than that . well , for many religious people , they believe that people who abort their babies are murderers . do you think most people in America believe that abortion is wrong ?
well , for many religious people , they believe that people who abort their babies are murderers . do you think most people in America believe that abortion is wrong ? no , I think it's mostly the older generation who are against abortions .
do you think most people in America believe that abortion is wrong ? no , I think it's mostly the older generation who are against abortions . it's no wonder there are so many teenage pregnancies in America .
no , I think it's mostly the older generation who are against abortions . it's no wonder there are so many teenage pregnancies in America . religious people blame it on pre-marital sex , not on abortion being illegal .
it's no wonder there are so many teenage pregnancies in America . religious people blame it on pre-marital sex , not on abortion being illegal . what do you think about abortion ?
religious people blame it on pre-marital sex , not on abortion being illegal . what do you think about abortion ? I personally would never want to have one , but I think that since a pregnancy can affect a woman's entire life , she should have the right to decide for herself .
what do you think about abortion ? I personally would never want to have one , but I think that since a pregnancy can affect a woman's entire life , she should have the right to decide for herself . do you think the fathers should have some kind of say in the matter ?
I personally would never want to have one , but I think that since a pregnancy can affect a woman's entire life , she should have the right to decide for herself . do you think the fathers should have some kind of say in the matter ? I know this is going to sound sexist , but I don't think that men should have to give their approval to the mothers of their children .
do you think the fathers should have some kind of say in the matter ? I know this is going to sound sexist , but I don't think that men should have to give their approval to the mothers of their children . why not ? It's their children , too .
I know this is going to sound sexist , but I don't think that men should have to give their approval to the mothers of their children . why not ? It's their children , too . that may be true , but when a woman gets pregnant , it changes her life completely . Men can still carry on with their lives after the birth exactly as they did beforehand .
Hi . I ' m here to catch flight 513 to New York . May I see your ticket please ? Here you are . Do you need to see my passport ?
May I see your ticket please ? Here you are . Do you need to see my passport ? Any form of picture I . D . will do .
Here you are . Do you need to see my passport ? Any form of picture I . D . will do . Mmmm ... a photo I . D . I have my New Jersey driver ' s license . Is that ok ?
Any form of picture I . D . will do . Mmmm ... a photo I . D . I have my New Jersey driver ' s license . Is that ok ? That will do . What an interesting picture ! How old is it ?
Mmmm ... a photo I . D . I have my New Jersey driver ' s license . Is that ok ? That will do . What an interesting picture ! How old is it ? Actually it wad taken just last year , but I had a shaved head and a beard . Can you still recognize me ?
That will do . What an interesting picture ! How old is it ? Actually it wad taken just last year , but I had a shaved head and a beard . Can you still recognize me ? Barely . Will you be checking any luggage today ?
Actually it wad taken just last year , but I had a shaved head and a beard . Can you still recognize me ? Barely . Will you be checking any luggage today ? Yes , One suitcase . I also have a carry-on bag .
You're not looking happy . What's the matter ? Oh , nothing special . I'm just a bit tired . With the job ?
Oh , nothing special . I'm just a bit tired . With the job ? With everything , with everybody , with all this !
With the job ? With everything , with everybody , with all this ! A good suggestion for you . You need a holiday .
With everything , with everybody , with all this ! A good suggestion for you . You need a holiday . It wasn't always like this , you know .
A good suggestion for you . You need a holiday . It wasn't always like this , you know . What do you mean ?
It wasn't always like this , you know . What do you mean ? Well , I mean . We always do the same thing . There's no variety in our lives .
What do you mean ? Well , I mean . We always do the same thing . There's no variety in our lives . You need a holiday . That's what's the matter .
Did you pack this bag yourself ? Has it been out of your possession at any time before checking-in ? Yes , I packed it myself , and it hasn ' t been out of my possession . Are you bringing in any plants or animal products ?
Yes , I packed it myself , and it hasn ' t been out of my possession . Are you bringing in any plants or animal products ? No .
Are you bringing in any plants or animal products ? No . Our sniffer dog seems to disagree . Do you mind if we look in your suitcase ?
No . Our sniffer dog seems to disagree . Do you mind if we look in your suitcase ? Not at all . Go right ahead .
Our sniffer dog seems to disagree . Do you mind if we look in your suitcase ? Not at all . Go right ahead . What ' s this sir ?
Not at all . Go right ahead . What ' s this sir ? It ' s traditional Chinese Medicine . I mix it with hot water like tea . Sorry . I forgot about it .
What ' s this sir ? It ' s traditional Chinese Medicine . I mix it with hot water like tea . Sorry . I forgot about it . What are these red things sir ?
It ' s traditional Chinese Medicine . I mix it with hot water like tea . Sorry . I forgot about it . What are these red things sir ? Oh no ! I forgot about those too ! Those are Chinese sausages for my Aunt Lily .
May I help you with something ? I would like to return some books . I ' ll take them .
I would like to return some books . I ' ll take them . Here you go .
I ' ll take them . Here you go . These books were due two weeks ago .
Here you go . These books were due two weeks ago . Yeah . I totally forgot they were due .
These books were due two weeks ago . Yeah . I totally forgot they were due . You will need to pay late fees on these books .
Yeah . I totally forgot they were due . You will need to pay late fees on these books . How much are the late fees ?
You will need to pay late fees on these books . How much are the late fees ? The fee is 25 cents every day .
How much are the late fees ? The fee is 25 cents every day . I have to pay 25 cents a day ?
The fee is 25 cents every day . I have to pay 25 cents a day ? And that ' s for each book that is late .
I'd like you to do me a favor . What is it ? Can you mail this at the post office for me ? I have to go to the doctor for an appointment and I don't have enough time to go to the post office .
Hello , Oriental Hotel . I'd like to speak to Michael Baker , please . I'm sorry , Mr . Baker is not in . May I take a message ?
I'd like to speak to Michael Baker , please . I'm sorry , Mr . Baker is not in . May I take a message ? Yes . Tell him Mr . Cook called and ask him to return my call soon as he gets back .
I am calling to ask about the position of an usher . Anything you would like to know ? What qualities do you expect the applicants to have ?
Now please tell me something about your past work achievements . All right , madam . When I was sales manager at the Beijing Friendship Store . I succeeded in raising the yearly sales volume by 25 % and profit margins from 50 % to 80 % . That is quite an achievement ! Do you consider it your most rewarding work experience ?
All right , madam . When I was sales manager at the Beijing Friendship Store . I succeeded in raising the yearly sales volume by 25 % and profit margins from 50 % to 80 % . That is quite an achievement ! Do you consider it your most rewarding work experience ? I don't think so . I'll create further achievement in the future .
That is quite an achievement ! Do you consider it your most rewarding work experience ? I don't think so . I'll create further achievement in the future . Have you received any honors ?
I don't think so . I'll create further achievement in the future . Have you received any honors ? Yes . I got the title of " Advance Worker " in 2006 .
Have you received any honors ? Yes . I got the title of " Advance Worker " in 2006 . Do you have any publications ?
Peter , how often do you exercise ? Well , I swim and run every day . Now , tell me , what do you eat ?
Well , I swim and run every day . Now , tell me , what do you eat ? Well , I don't eat any meat , but I do eat fish and eggs .
Now , tell me , what do you eat ? Well , I don't eat any meat , but I do eat fish and eggs . Do you eat a lot of vegetables ?
Well , I don't eat any meat , but I do eat fish and eggs . Do you eat a lot of vegetables ? Oh yes , and fruit , I love fruit .
Do you eat a lot of vegetables ? Oh yes , and fruit , I love fruit . What do you drink ?
( A stranger stops to help ) Everything OK ? No ! My tour bus got a speeding ticket not ten minutes ago . Now my engine is on fire ! I think that's just steam . Your engine's overheated .
No ! My tour bus got a speeding ticket not ten minutes ago . Now my engine is on fire ! I think that's just steam . Your engine's overheated . Do you know a lot about cars ?
I think that's just steam . Your engine's overheated . Do you know a lot about cars ? A little bit . I'll take a look if you want me to .
Do you know a lot about cars ? A little bit . I'll take a look if you want me to . Please . Thank you so much for stopping .
A little bit . I'll take a look if you want me to . Please . Thank you so much for stopping . Yeah , she's hot . Radiator's leaking . Looks like you were running her pretty hard .
Please . Thank you so much for stopping . Yeah , she's hot . Radiator's leaking . Looks like you were running her pretty hard . That must have been just before I got the speeding ticket .
Yeah , she's hot . Radiator's leaking . Looks like you were running her pretty hard . That must have been just before I got the speeding ticket . Did you have an accident recently ... Hey , wait a second ! I know this car !
That must have been just before I got the speeding ticket . Did you have an accident recently ... Hey , wait a second ! I know this car ! You do ?
Did you have an accident recently ... Hey , wait a second ! I know this car ! You do ? I ran into it a couple of weeks ago . What do you know ? Name's Hal .
You do ? I ran into it a couple of weeks ago . What do you know ? Name's Hal . I'm Akimbo . Nice to meet you , I guess .
I ran into it a couple of weeks ago . What do you know ? Name's Hal . I'm Akimbo . Nice to meet you , I guess . Boy , I'm sure sorry about your car . Hey , Akimbo , I wonder if you'd like to make a deal ?
I'm Akimbo . Nice to meet you , I guess . Boy , I'm sure sorry about your car . Hey , Akimbo , I wonder if you'd like to make a deal ? What kind of deal ?
Boy , I'm sure sorry about your car . Hey , Akimbo , I wonder if you'd like to make a deal ? What kind of deal ? I'd like to give you cash for the damage to your car .
What kind of deal ? I'd like to give you cash for the damage to your car . You don't want your insurance company to pay for it ?
I'd like to give you cash for the damage to your car . You don't want your insurance company to pay for it ? I'd rather not . They'll raise my rates . It'll cost me more in the long run .
You don't want your insurance company to pay for it ? I'd rather not . They'll raise my rates . It'll cost me more in the long run . If you give me cash , do you care if I don't fix the car ?
I'd rather not . They'll raise my rates . It'll cost me more in the long run . If you give me cash , do you care if I don't fix the car ? Hell , I don't care . Just don'T submit a report to your insurancecompany .
Hey , Tom , did you enjoy your lunch ? Oh , don't mention it . It was terrible . What ' the matter ?
Oh , don't mention it . It was terrible . What ' the matter ? The food station was as crowded as usual . I waited for 20 minutes for my sandwich , and when I finally got it the chicken was underdone .
What ' the matter ? The food station was as crowded as usual . I waited for 20 minutes for my sandwich , and when I finally got it the chicken was underdone . I see . You simply can't blame the server for this .
The food station was as crowded as usual . I waited for 20 minutes for my sandwich , and when I finally got it the chicken was underdone . I see . You simply can't blame the server for this . Yes , I know . Fast food is so popular in this district .
I see . You simply can't blame the server for this . Yes , I know . Fast food is so popular in this district . That's true .
Yes , I know . Fast food is so popular in this district . That's true . Anyway , how was your such , Catherine ?
That's true . Anyway , how was your such , Catherine ? It was good . I brought lunch from home today .
Anyway , how was your such , Catherine ? It was good . I brought lunch from home today . You did ? I thought you must feel right at home here as we get as many fast food restaurants as you do in America .
It was good . I brought lunch from home today . You did ? I thought you must feel right at home here as we get as many fast food restaurants as you do in America . Well , I personally don't like them because I don't believe that they are healthy .
You did ? I thought you must feel right at home here as we get as many fast food restaurants as you do in America . Well , I personally don't like them because I don't believe that they are healthy . I guess you're right . More often than not , people go there only for convenience . The foods may taste good , but generally speaking , they are high in calories , salt and fat .
Well , I personally don't like them because I don't believe that they are healthy . I guess you're right . More often than not , people go there only for convenience . The foods may taste good , but generally speaking , they are high in calories , salt and fat . Yes . I am wondering that you must believe fast food is our lifestyle , don't you ?
I guess you're right . More often than not , people go there only for convenience . The foods may taste good , but generally speaking , they are high in calories , salt and fat . Yes . I am wondering that you must believe fast food is our lifestyle , don't you ? You bet . Almost all top brands such as McDonald's and KFC are from America .
Yes . I am wondering that you must believe fast food is our lifestyle , don't you ? You bet . Almost all top brands such as McDonald's and KFC are from America . Well , actually two-thirds of Americans may avoid these places .
You bet . Almost all top brands such as McDonald's and KFC are from America . Well , actually two-thirds of Americans may avoid these places . Seriously ?
Hello , is that Cathy speaking ? Yes , is that you , Allen ? Yes , how are you doing ?
Yes , is that you , Allen ? Yes , how are you doing ? Not bad .
Yes , how are you doing ? Not bad . Say I've got two tickets for the concert this evening . Would you like to come with me ?
Not bad . Say I've got two tickets for the concert this evening . Would you like to come with me ? Sure . Thank you very much .
Say I've got two tickets for the concert this evening . Would you like to come with me ? Sure . Thank you very much . Then I ' ll pick you up at six thirty . OK ?
Sure . Thank you very much . Then I ' ll pick you up at six thirty . OK ? Ok , see you .
Can we have a table for three , please ? Sorry , all the tables for three are reserved . Do you have a table for four , please ?
Sorry , all the tables for three are reserved . Do you have a table for four , please ? Yes , smoking or non-smoking ?
Do you have a table for four , please ? Yes , smoking or non-smoking ? We'd like a non-smoking table , please .
The bartender just gave the last call . Let's order another round , okay ? Sure , but let's get a pitcher this time We should be able to down it before they close . That sounds good . You order the beer while I go to the bathroom . Where is the can in this place ?
Sure , but let's get a pitcher this time We should be able to down it before they close . That sounds good . You order the beer while I go to the bathroom . Where is the can in this place ? It's all the way to the back . See that yellow door ?
That sounds good . You order the beer while I go to the bathroom . Where is the can in this place ? It's all the way to the back . See that yellow door ? Yeah . I think I can find it .
It's all the way to the back . See that yellow door ? Yeah . I think I can find it . You're back already . That sure was quick .
Yeah . I think I can find it . You're back already . That sure was quick . That's because I just took one step inside and turned right around . That bathroom is too gross for me .
You're back already . That sure was quick . That's because I just took one step inside and turned right around . That bathroom is too gross for me . Well , the bartender wouldn't give me the pitcher of beer . Anyway . He said it was too close to closing time .
That's because I just took one step inside and turned right around . That bathroom is too gross for me . Well , the bartender wouldn't give me the pitcher of beer . Anyway . He said it was too close to closing time . Let's leave then . I could take some fresh air , anyway .
Have you heard of Paul ? No , what ? He's got a promotion .
No , what ? He's got a promotion . You're kidding .
He's got a promotion . You're kidding . No , they made him vicepresident in charge of sells .
You're kidding . No , they made him vicepresident in charge of sells . Oh , I don't believe it . He is only being with the company for two years .
No , they made him vicepresident in charge of sells . Oh , I don't believe it . He is only being with the company for two years . Well , it's true . The board man last thirdly and they choice Paul .
Do you consider yourself a good mother ? Yes , I'm a very good mother and successful career woman . How can you manage to do both ? I mean , it is so hard to be a working mother .
Yes , I'm a very good mother and successful career woman . How can you manage to do both ? I mean , it is so hard to be a working mother . I think the most important thing is that you should be nice to yourself , like keeping housework simple , spending money on things that make life easier , buying yourself things you like , and so on . You can only be nice to others when you can be nice to yourself .
How can you manage to do both ? I mean , it is so hard to be a working mother . I think the most important thing is that you should be nice to yourself , like keeping housework simple , spending money on things that make life easier , buying yourself things you like , and so on . You can only be nice to others when you can be nice to yourself . Does your husband feel the same ?
Tell me about yourself . I was born and raised in Beijing . I attended Peking University and received my bachelor's degree in Economics . I have worked for 2 years as a financial consultant in Beijing for China Pacific Insurance Co . Ltd . What type of position are you looking for ?
I was born and raised in Beijing . I attended Peking University and received my bachelor's degree in Economics . I have worked for 2 years as a financial consultant in Beijing for China Pacific Insurance Co . Ltd . What type of position are you looking for ? I'm looking for a position in which I can utilize my experience .
What type of position are you looking for ? I'm looking for a position in which I can utilize my experience . Are you interested in a full-time or part-time position ?
I'm looking for a position in which I can utilize my experience . Are you interested in a full-time or part-time position ? I am more interested in a full-time position . However , I would also consider a part-time position .
Are you interested in a full-time or part-time position ? I am more interested in a full-time position . However , I would also consider a part-time position . Can you tell me about your responsibilities at your last job ?
I am more interested in a full-time position . However , I would also consider a part-time position . Can you tell me about your responsibilities at your last job ? I advised customers on financial matters . After I consulted the customer , I completed a customer inquiry form and catalogued the information in our database . I then collaborated with colleagues to prepare the best possible package for the client . The clients were then presented with a summarized report on their financial activities that I formulated on a quarterly basis .
Can you tell me about your responsibilities at your last job ? I advised customers on financial matters . After I consulted the customer , I completed a customer inquiry form and catalogued the information in our database . I then collaborated with colleagues to prepare the best possible package for the client . The clients were then presented with a summarized report on their financial activities that I formulated on a quarterly basis . What is your greatest strength ?
I advised customers on financial matters . After I consulted the customer , I completed a customer inquiry form and catalogued the information in our database . I then collaborated with colleagues to prepare the best possible package for the client . The clients were then presented with a summarized report on their financial activities that I formulated on a quarterly basis . What is your greatest strength ? I am an excellent communicator . People trust me and come to me for advice . One afternoon , my colleague was involved with a troublesome customer who felt he was not being served well . I made the customer a cup of coffee and invited both my colleague and the client to my desk where we solved the problem together .
What is your greatest strength ? I am an excellent communicator . People trust me and come to me for advice . One afternoon , my colleague was involved with a troublesome customer who felt he was not being served well . I made the customer a cup of coffee and invited both my colleague and the client to my desk where we solved the problem together . What is your greatest weakness ?
I am an excellent communicator . People trust me and come to me for advice . One afternoon , my colleague was involved with a troublesome customer who felt he was not being served well . I made the customer a cup of coffee and invited both my colleague and the client to my desk where we solved the problem together . What is your greatest weakness ? I tend to spend too much time making sure the customer is satisfied . However , I began setting time-limits for myself .
What is your greatest weakness ? I tend to spend too much time making sure the customer is satisfied . However , I began setting time-limits for myself . Why do you want to work for our company ?
I tend to spend too much time making sure the customer is satisfied . However , I began setting time-limits for myself . Why do you want to work for our company ? After following your firm's progress for the last 3 years , I am convinced that your company is becoming one of the market leaders and I would like to be a part of that team .
Why do you want to work for our company ? After following your firm's progress for the last 3 years , I am convinced that your company is becoming one of the market leaders and I would like to be a part of that team . When can you begin ?
My dear , what's for supper ? Red cooked carp and rape with fresh mushrooms . What about soup ?
Red cooked carp and rape with fresh mushrooms . What about soup ? Sour-peppery soup .
What about soup ? Sour-peppery soup . Which condiment do you use for ?
Sour-peppery soup . Which condiment do you use for ? I'll use ginger , garlic scallion , hot pepper and vinegar .
Which condiment do you use for ? I'll use ginger , garlic scallion , hot pepper and vinegar . Very good , need I help you ?
I'll use ginger , garlic scallion , hot pepper and vinegar . Very good , need I help you ? No , don't need , I can do myself .
Very good , need I help you ? No , don't need , I can do myself . Thanks . I can watch TV now .
No , don't need , I can do myself . Thanks . I can watch TV now . But you must cook that dinner next time .
Tom , I won first prize in the poetry contest . Come on ! You're pulling my leg . Really ! Here's my trophy .
How do you do ? How do you do ? Nice to meet you , Ms . Smith . I ' m Jack Stevens from the Marketing Department . Here is my card . It ' s nice to meet you , Mr . Stevens .
How do you do ? Nice to meet you , Ms . Smith . I ' m Jack Stevens from the Marketing Department . Here is my card . It ' s nice to meet you , Mr . Stevens . Please call me Jack . Have a seat , please .
OK . Come back into the classroom , class . Does the class start again , Mam ? Yes , but to the heath , this break has long enough .
Does the class start again , Mam ? Yes , but to the heath , this break has long enough . Oh , breaktime flies .
Yes , but to the heath , this break has long enough . Oh , breaktime flies . Come on , baby . It ' s time now .
Oh , breaktime flies . Come on , baby . It ' s time now . Mam , another minute , could I ?
I know you have a son . How old is he ? He's going to turn six next month . Who is looking after him ?
He's going to turn six next month . Who is looking after him ? My mother-in - law . She retired last year .
Who is looking after him ? My mother-in - law . She retired last year . You really are lucky !
Hello , I want to apply for the position of an usher in your restaurant . Welcome . One of your duties is to know the number of the customer and accept reservation . What else do I need to do ?
Do you want to hang out tomorrow ? Oh , I can't . I have a date ! Really ? Wow with who ?
Oh , I can't . I have a date ! Really ? Wow with who ? This girl I've been chatting with for the past couple of months . She's really cool and she's driving over here this weekend .
Really ? Wow with who ? This girl I've been chatting with for the past couple of months . She's really cool and she's driving over here this weekend . Wait a minute , you mean you met her online ?
This girl I've been chatting with for the past couple of months . She's really cool and she's driving over here this weekend . Wait a minute , you mean you met her online ? Yeah ! I signed up for a website called match @ . com and it is great ! You fill in all your details and preferences , like if you are a smoker or if you have any pets . Then you find people that have similar characteristics and you can email them or chat .
Wait a minute , you mean you met her online ? Yeah ! I signed up for a website called match @ . com and it is great ! You fill in all your details and preferences , like if you are a smoker or if you have any pets . Then you find people that have similar characteristics and you can email them or chat . That is kind of weird ! What if she is a psycho or something like that ?
Yeah ! I signed up for a website called match @ . com and it is great ! You fill in all your details and preferences , like if you are a smoker or if you have any pets . Then you find people that have similar characteristics and you can email them or chat . That is kind of weird ! What if she is a psycho or something like that ? It's the same as meeting people anywhere and dating them ! I am just tired of going to bars or being set up for dates by my friends ! I think this is a really cool alternative , especially if you are a bit shy .
I am so glad I caught you at home . I need your help ! What's up , Robert ? Cafe au lait , cafe latte , cappuccino , cafe mocha ... I can't keep them all straight !
What's up , Robert ? Cafe au lait , cafe latte , cappuccino , cafe mocha ... I can't keep them all straight ! Slow down . What are you talking about ?
Mike ! Look at the floor ! What's wrong with it ? What's wrong with it ? It's filthy !
What's wrong with it ? What's wrong with it ? It's filthy ! Oh ...
What's wrong with it ? It's filthy ! Oh ... It's filthy because you never wipe your shoes .
Oh ... It's filthy because you never wipe your shoes . Sorry , love .
It's filthy because you never wipe your shoes . Sorry , love . What are you looking for now ?
Sorry , love . What are you looking for now ? My cigarettes .
What are you looking for now ? My cigarettes . Well , they ' re not here . They are in the dustbin .
I am calling to find out why I didn ' t receive an unemployment check this week . Did you send in your Continued Claim Form for the last period ? I think I forgot to send it in !
Did you send in your Continued Claim Form for the last period ? I think I forgot to send it in ! You need to be very careful to send that form in every two weeks if you want to get paid .
I think I forgot to send it in ! You need to be very careful to send that form in every two weeks if you want to get paid . Can I send it in now ?
You need to be very careful to send that form in every two weeks if you want to get paid . Can I send it in now ? You should look at your claim form and see if it has been more than fourteen days since it was due . If it hasn ' t been , we will still accept it .
Can I send it in now ? You should look at your claim form and see if it has been more than fourteen days since it was due . If it hasn ' t been , we will still accept it . Can I mail it in early next time so it isn ' t late ?
You should look at your claim form and see if it has been more than fourteen days since it was due . If it hasn ' t been , we will still accept it . Can I mail it in early next time so it isn ' t late ? Actually , you cannot mail it in early , as it needs to reflect all of the information up to the due date .
Can I mail it in early next time so it isn ' t late ? Actually , you cannot mail it in early , as it needs to reflect all of the information up to the due date . Will my paycheck come right away now ?
911 emergency . What is the problem ? I would like to report a break-in . When was this break-in ?
I would like to report a break-in . When was this break-in ? I believe it happened last night .
When was this break-in ? I believe it happened last night . Where was the break-in ?
I believe it happened last night . Where was the break-in ? It happened at my house .
Where was the break-in ? It happened at my house . Was anything stolen ?
It happened at my house . Was anything stolen ? I haven't checked yet .
Was anything stolen ? I haven't checked yet . Why do you think there was a break-in ?
I haven't checked yet . Why do you think there was a break-in ? My front window was broken .
Why do you think there was a break-in ? My front window was broken . We'll send a squad car shortly .
How are you wedding plans going ? Very well . We started organizing everything early to avoid a last minute rush to get things done . The only thing that isn ' t ready yet is my wedding dress . When will that be ready ?
Very well . We started organizing everything early to avoid a last minute rush to get things done . The only thing that isn ' t ready yet is my wedding dress . When will that be ready ? The dressmakers said that is would be ready in two weeks .
When will that be ready ? The dressmakers said that is would be ready in two weeks . You ' re getting married in three weeks . So that should be ok . So , you ' Ve prepared the church , catering , transport , hotel-everything .
The dressmakers said that is would be ready in two weeks . You ' re getting married in three weeks . So that should be ok . So , you ' Ve prepared the church , catering , transport , hotel-everything . Yes . We ' Ve taken care of all of that . We decided not to get married in a church though . Neither of us is very religious .
You ' re getting married in three weeks . So that should be ok . So , you ' Ve prepared the church , catering , transport , hotel-everything . Yes . We ' Ve taken care of all of that . We decided not to get married in a church though . Neither of us is very religious . Which hotel will the reception be held at ?
Yes . We ' Ve taken care of all of that . We decided not to get married in a church though . Neither of us is very religious . Which hotel will the reception be held at ? The palace hotel they ' re taking care of the catering , including the wedding cake . I ' m sure they ' ll do a good job .
Which hotel will the reception be held at ? The palace hotel they ' re taking care of the catering , including the wedding cake . I ' m sure they ' ll do a good job . Oh , yes . It ' s and excellent hotel . A friend of mine had her wedding reception there and said it was perfect , though very expensive .
The palace hotel they ' re taking care of the catering , including the wedding cake . I ' m sure they ' ll do a good job . Oh , yes . It ' s and excellent hotel . A friend of mine had her wedding reception there and said it was perfect , though very expensive . Yes . It will be expensive , but we think it will be worth it . It gives us great peace of mind to know that our reception is in the hands of experienced people .
I have just received your note which informs me that you have offered the accountant position to another candidate . May I ask why I was defeated ? We have thought of you carefully with discretion , but the other candidate has more experiences . Experience is important , but don't you think capability is more valuable than that ?
We have thought of you carefully with discretion , but the other candidate has more experiences . Experience is important , but don't you think capability is more valuable than that ? Yes , I think so . But how do you prove to me that you are more capable ?
Experience is important , but don't you think capability is more valuable than that ? Yes , I think so . But how do you prove to me that you are more capable ? Maybe you can hire me on trial . If I'm not qualified for the job , you can let me go .
We are going to have a picnic tomorrow at the picnic center . That's great . Now let's get things ready .
That's great . Now let's get things ready . Don't worry . There are all kinds of things in the center .
I would like to buy a bottle of cleansing milk . Can you recommend me some kinds ? Sure . What kind of skin do you have ? My skin is oily .
Sure . What kind of skin do you have ? My skin is oily . Then I advise you to buy the LAY cleansing milk .
Hi , Mary . I haven't seen you in ages ! I heard that you and Daniel are getting married on August 8th , the opening day of the 2008 Olympic Games . Is it true ? Yes , it is . We've been dating for over 7 years . We have decided to get married on a special day and we think August 8th , 2008 is a red-letter day . Good for you ! It sounds like you've done a lot of planning in a very short time .
Yes , it is . We've been dating for over 7 years . We have decided to get married on a special day and we think August 8th , 2008 is a red-letter day . Good for you ! It sounds like you've done a lot of planning in a very short time . Yes , there is a lot of to be taken care of---wedding photos , wedding dress , catering , transport , hotel , etc ...
Good for you ! It sounds like you've done a lot of planning in a very short time . Yes , there is a lot of to be taken care of---wedding photos , wedding dress , catering , transport , hotel , etc ... Is everything ready now ?
Yes , there is a lot of to be taken care of---wedding photos , wedding dress , catering , transport , hotel , etc ... Is everything ready now ? Almost . The only thing that isn't ready is the hotel . As a lot of people have chosen that day to get married , it is hard to find a hotel that isn't too expensive .
Is everything ready now ? Almost . The only thing that isn't ready is the hotel . As a lot of people have chosen that day to get married , it is hard to find a hotel that isn't too expensive . Have you tried The Peninsula Palace Beijing ? My wedding reception was held there and they did an excellent job .
Almost . The only thing that isn't ready is the hotel . As a lot of people have chosen that day to get married , it is hard to find a hotel that isn't too expensive . Have you tried The Peninsula Palace Beijing ? My wedding reception was held there and they did an excellent job . Yes , we called , but it is booked up . The only choice is the Regent Beijing but we haven't made up our minds yet .
Have you tried The Peninsula Palace Beijing ? My wedding reception was held there and they did an excellent job . Yes , we called , but it is booked up . The only choice is the Regent Beijing but we haven't made up our minds yet . It's an excellent hotel . A friend of mine had her wedding reception there and said it was perfect , though very expensive .
Yes , we called , but it is booked up . The only choice is the Regent Beijing but we haven't made up our minds yet . It's an excellent hotel . A friend of mine had her wedding reception there and said it was perfect , though very expensive . That's why we want to have a look at other hotels . We don ' t want to spend too much on an extravagant wedding reception .
It's an excellent hotel . A friend of mine had her wedding reception there and said it was perfect , though very expensive . That's why we want to have a look at other hotels . We don ' t want to spend too much on an extravagant wedding reception . I guess you're right . I can help you ask other hotels . I am sure there are probably some available .
That's why we want to have a look at other hotels . We don ' t want to spend too much on an extravagant wedding reception . I guess you're right . I can help you ask other hotels . I am sure there are probably some available . Thank you .
Do you have maps of downtown area ? Yes , here you are . How much is it ?
Yes , here you are . How much is it ? It's free of charge .
Only one . But I wanted to make sure I'd get it . Yeah , I really wanted that Chanel bag , too . But just in case you should bid low . But there are only two more days until the bidding closes !
Yeah , I really wanted that Chanel bag , too . But just in case you should bid low . But there are only two more days until the bidding closes ! I bid on a Chanel watch at the last minute , and got it sixty percent off !
But there are only two more days until the bidding closes ! I bid on a Chanel watch at the last minute , and got it sixty percent off ! Oh ... I'm such a newbie . But at least I'm sure I'll get that tennis racket .
I bid on a Chanel watch at the last minute , and got it sixty percent off ! Oh ... I'm such a newbie . But at least I'm sure I'll get that tennis racket . Don't count on it , Babe . eBay is always full of surprises .
I ' m fed up with marriage . Why do you say so ? Everyone admires that you have a good wife . Oh , no . When we were poor , we often tried our best to make ends meet . It was a hard time .
Why do you say so ? Everyone admires that you have a good wife . Oh , no . When we were poor , we often tried our best to make ends meet . It was a hard time . But now you are rich .
Oh , no . When we were poor , we often tried our best to make ends meet . It was a hard time . But now you are rich . And we have some squabbles on some boring things .
Can you help me do an internet search ? Sure . What do you want to find ? I want to find information on the American Civil War .
Sure . What do you want to find ? I want to find information on the American Civil War . Well , can you be more specific ? There are a lot of websites about that .
I want to find information on the American Civil War . Well , can you be more specific ? There are a lot of websites about that . Yes , I want to know about the battle of Gettysburg .
Well , can you be more specific ? There are a lot of websites about that . Yes , I want to know about the battle of Gettysburg . O . K . Well , go to google . com , and type in " Battle of Gettysburg . "
Yes , I want to know about the battle of Gettysburg . O . K . Well , go to google . com , and type in " Battle of Gettysburg . " Oh wow , there are a lot of sites .
O . K . Well , go to google . com , and type in " Battle of Gettysburg . " Oh wow , there are a lot of sites . Here , try this one . It ' s a good site about Gettysburg .
Oh wow , there are a lot of sites . Here , try this one . It ' s a good site about Gettysburg . Thanks .
Here , try this one . It ' s a good site about Gettysburg . Thanks . For detailed information , however , you should read a history book .
Can you give me more details on what is included in the package ? Sure . The coach leaves at 6:30 a . m . , in front of our office . The drive takes eight hours , with two stops to see some sights . What about the hotel accommodations ?
Sure . The coach leaves at 6:30 a . m . , in front of our office . The drive takes eight hours , with two stops to see some sights . What about the hotel accommodations ? You'll be staying at Holiday Inn . It's a three-star hotel with two restaurants and a swimming pool .
What about the hotel accommodations ? You'll be staying at Holiday Inn . It's a three-star hotel with two restaurants and a swimming pool . Great . What types of things will we do at Lushun Falls ?
the James ' s file , Christine ? I had it right here a minute ago , Mr . Emory . Umm . Just a minute ... Christine , I know you ' re new here and there ' s a lot to learn , but you are going to have to learn to keep your work in better order . We can ' t afford to lose an important document .
I'm hungry . So am I . Where should we go eat today ?
So am I . Where should we go eat today ? How about we go eat in the cafeteria ?
Where should we go eat today ? How about we go eat in the cafeteria ? I never bought food from the cafeteria .
How about we go eat in the cafeteria ? I never bought food from the cafeteria . You haven't ? They have a lot of good stuff .
I never bought food from the cafeteria . You haven't ? They have a lot of good stuff . What do they have ?
You haven't ? They have a lot of good stuff . What do they have ? They sell everything .
What do they have ? They sell everything . Well , I want Chinese food .
They sell everything . Well , I want Chinese food . I've gotten chow mein from there before .
Well , I want Chinese food . I've gotten chow mein from there before . I guess we can eat there then .
Over here is our gym . We have all the latest equipment . But I haven't used exercising equipment before . Can you tell us some more details ? Certainly . We have here the race apparatus , stationary bike , muscle builder set , chest expander , bar bell , dumb bell and so on .
But I haven't used exercising equipment before . Can you tell us some more details ? Certainly . We have here the race apparatus , stationary bike , muscle builder set , chest expander , bar bell , dumb bell and so on . Working in the gym is a very good way for losing weight . What else do you have ?
Certainly . We have here the race apparatus , stationary bike , muscle builder set , chest expander , bar bell , dumb bell and so on . Working in the gym is a very good way for losing weight . What else do you have ? Here's the swimming pool . It's open from 10 a . m . to 11 p . m . There are also massage rooms here .
are you a blogger ? sure I am . I've been writing a blog for almost three years . oh , it seems that I'm the only one who never blogs . When did you get started ?
sure I am . I've been writing a blog for almost three years . oh , it seems that I'm the only one who never blogs . When did you get started ? I began blogging when I first went to the US for my graduate strides .
oh , it seems that I'm the only one who never blogs . When did you get started ? I began blogging when I first went to the US for my graduate strides . what do you usually write about ?
I began blogging when I first went to the US for my graduate strides . what do you usually write about ? at first , I'll write about my life there . Like interesting things on the campus , travel stories , special English words that I come across . Sometimes , I'll post my pictures on my blog so my family an
what do you usually write about ? at first , I'll write about my life there . Like interesting things on the campus , travel stories , special English words that I come across . Sometimes , I'll post my pictures on my blog so my family an that's interesting . How often do you write a blog ?
at first , I'll write about my life there . Like interesting things on the campus , travel stories , special English words that I come across . Sometimes , I'll post my pictures on my blog so my family an that's interesting . How often do you write a blog ? it's random . If there happen to be a lot of things going on , I may add several new entries in a week , and if I've got nothing to share , I may leave my blog untouched for weeks .
that's interesting . How often do you write a blog ? it's random . If there happen to be a lot of things going on , I may add several new entries in a week , and if I've got nothing to share , I may leave my blog untouched for weeks . got it . Are you still updating your blog ?
it's random . If there happen to be a lot of things going on , I may add several new entries in a week , and if I've got nothing to share , I may leave my blog untouched for weeks . got it . Are you still updating your blog ? sure , since I came back from the US , I've been keeping the habit of blogging , simply to share my personal insights on any topic I like .
Is this a duty-free shop ? Yes , sir . What can I do for you ? I want to buy some specialties . Can you recommend me some ?
Yes , sir . What can I do for you ? I want to buy some specialties . Can you recommend me some ? Sure . I strongly advise you to buy a bottle of perfume and a lighter .
I want to buy some specialties . Can you recommend me some ? Sure . I strongly advise you to buy a bottle of perfume and a lighter . Fine . They look nice . I will take both of them .
What sort of job would you like to take ? I prefer a sedentary job and I used to work as an operator . We need an operator now .
I see Mike farmer has make it into the Olympic team . He beat the national record by 0 . 1 of a second . That ' s great . He ' s the best runner I ' Ve seen this season . I ' m sure he ' ll win a medal at the Olympics . I think you ' re right . I think we have a very good athletics team . They should do well in the Olympics . How many medals do you think we ' ll win ?
That ' s great . He ' s the best runner I ' Ve seen this season . I ' m sure he ' ll win a medal at the Olympics . I think you ' re right . I think we have a very good athletics team . They should do well in the Olympics . How many medals do you think we ' ll win ? I really don ' t know . I don ' t think we ' ll win many gold medals , but I think we should win several silver and bronze ones .
I think you ' re right . I think we have a very good athletics team . They should do well in the Olympics . How many medals do you think we ' ll win ? I really don ' t know . I don ' t think we ' ll win many gold medals , but I think we should win several silver and bronze ones . What do you think our chance are in other events .
I really don ' t know . I don ' t think we ' ll win many gold medals , but I think we should win several silver and bronze ones . What do you think our chance are in other events . In the last Olympics , we did very well in swimming , cycling and ball sports . I think we ' ll do well in those same events .
What do you think our chance are in other events . In the last Olympics , we did very well in swimming , cycling and ball sports . I think we ' ll do well in those same events . We might get a gold medal in the sailing too . Our team put in a lot of practice .
In the last Olympics , we did very well in swimming , cycling and ball sports . I think we ' ll do well in those same events . We might get a gold medal in the sailing too . Our team put in a lot of practice . I think we can expect to get between 30 to 40 medals in total .
Do you believe in UFOs ? Of course , they are out there . But I never saw them .
Of course , they are out there . But I never saw them . Are you stupid ? They are called UFOs , so not everybody can see them .
But I never saw them . Are you stupid ? They are called UFOs , so not everybody can see them . You mean that you can them .
Are you stupid ? They are called UFOs , so not everybody can see them . You mean that you can them . That's right . I can see them in my dreams .
You mean that you can them . That's right . I can see them in my dreams . They come to the earth ?
That's right . I can see them in my dreams . They come to the earth ? No . Their task is to send the aliens here from the outer space .
They come to the earth ? No . Their task is to send the aliens here from the outer space . Aliens from the outer space ? Do you talk to them ? What do they look like ?
No . Their task is to send the aliens here from the outer space . Aliens from the outer space ? Do you talk to them ? What do they look like ? OK , OK , one by one , please ! They look like robots , but they can speak . Their mission is to make friends with human beings .
Aliens from the outer space ? Do you talk to them ? What do they look like ? OK , OK , one by one , please ! They look like robots , but they can speak . Their mission is to make friends with human beings . That means that you talk to them ? In which language ?
OK , OK , one by one , please ! They look like robots , but they can speak . Their mission is to make friends with human beings . That means that you talk to them ? In which language ? Of course in English , they learn English on Mars too .
What a beautiful watch . It goes very well with your ring . Thank you . Is that your wedding ring ?
Thank you . Is that your wedding ring ? I'm not married yet . It's my engagement ring .
Is that your wedding ring ? I'm not married yet . It's my engagement ring . Well , congratulations . When is the big date ?
I'm not married yet . It's my engagement ring . Well , congratulations . When is the big date ? In June .
Well , congratulations . When is the big date ? In June . Did you have the watch before getting the ring ?
In June . Did you have the watch before getting the ring ? Actually , we bought the ring together after I got the watch .
Did you have the watch before getting the ring ? Actually , we bought the ring together after I got the watch . You did a fabulous job with the selection . It's gorgeous .
Actually , we bought the ring together after I got the watch . You did a fabulous job with the selection . It's gorgeous . Thank you so much .
You did a fabulous job with the selection . It's gorgeous . Thank you so much . What kind of watch is it ?
Thank you so much . What kind of watch is it ? It's a Tag Heer .
What kind of watch is it ? It's a Tag Heer . If you don't mind me asking , how much do they cost ?
It's a Tag Heer . If you don't mind me asking , how much do they cost ? This one is $ 1500 . But they range from $ 600 to $ 3000 .
If you don't mind me asking , how much do they cost ? This one is $ 1500 . But they range from $ 600 to $ 3000 . That's why it looks so nice . I should have figured . You always get what you pay for .
How are the children doing at sport ? I ' m very pleased with their performances . Timmy can cover the 100 meters in 12 seconds . That ' s very fast for a kid his age . He ' s not very good at the long jump though , is he ?
I ' m very pleased with their performances . Timmy can cover the 100 meters in 12 seconds . That ' s very fast for a kid his age . He ' s not very good at the long jump though , is he ? He ' s not bad . He can jump a distance of over four meters . I think he just prefers running to jumping . Jimmy ' s very good at the high jump . He can jump over two meters . Again , that ' s fine for someone his age .
He ' s not very good at the long jump though , is he ? He ' s not bad . He can jump a distance of over four meters . I think he just prefers running to jumping . Jimmy ' s very good at the high jump . He can jump over two meters . Again , that ' s fine for someone his age . Two meters ? That means that the high jump bar is above his head ! Are any of them good at long-distance running ?
He ' s not bad . He can jump a distance of over four meters . I think he just prefers running to jumping . Jimmy ' s very good at the high jump . He can jump over two meters . Again , that ' s fine for someone his age . Two meters ? That means that the high jump bar is above his head ! Are any of them good at long-distance running ? The longest race we run is the 1500 meters . A few of the boys and one girls can do it in less than five minutes .
Two meters ? That means that the high jump bar is above his head ! Are any of them good at long-distance running ? The longest race we run is the 1500 meters . A few of the boys and one girls can do it in less than five minutes . How are they at swimming ?
The longest race we run is the 1500 meters . A few of the boys and one girls can do it in less than five minutes . How are they at swimming ? They ' re ok . I ask them to swim 500 meters each day . That ' s 20 lengths of the swimming pool . They ' re not very fast , but that ' s ok . I just want them to build their strength up and keep in shape .
How are they at swimming ? They ' re ok . I ask them to swim 500 meters each day . That ' s 20 lengths of the swimming pool . They ' re not very fast , but that ' s ok . I just want them to build their strength up and keep in shape . Kate is very good at diving from a height of 10 meters .
They ' re ok . I ask them to swim 500 meters each day . That ' s 20 lengths of the swimming pool . They ' re not very fast , but that ' s ok . I just want them to build their strength up and keep in shape . Kate is very good at diving from a height of 10 meters . I ' d be afraid to jump from that height !
Kate is very good at diving from a height of 10 meters . I ' d be afraid to jump from that height ! I think that these kinds haven ' t learnt to be afraid yet . She started diving from a lower height , but she soon wanted to go higher .
Hi , there . Look at these . I have collected some ads here . There is a special promotion for Mother's Day this weekend . Oh , yes . Mother's Day is coming . Do you plan to buy anything ? Of course . I want to buy some night cream for my mom , and some masques for myself .
Oh , yes . Mother's Day is coming . Do you plan to buy anything ? Of course . I want to buy some night cream for my mom , and some masques for myself . Hmm . In Carrefour , Clinique will be promoting their visible skin renewed cream .
Of course . I want to buy some night cream for my mom , and some masques for myself . Hmm . In Carrefour , Clinique will be promoting their visible skin renewed cream . How much is it ?
Hmm . In Carrefour , Clinique will be promoting their visible skin renewed cream . How much is it ? 180 yuan , and you can get a free 8 piece gift package .
How much is it ? 180 yuan , and you can get a free 8 piece gift package . What's included in the gift package ?
180 yuan , and you can get a free 8 piece gift package . What's included in the gift package ? Some black mascara , moisturizing orion , eye cream crystal lipstick , a two color eye shadow pack , styling hairspray , and a cosmetics bag .
Do you have a package tour to Hollywood ? Yes , here is the table , which plans do you like best ? The seven-days trip shall be fine . How much is this tour ?
Yes , here is the table , which plans do you like best ? The seven-days trip shall be fine . How much is this tour ? $ 300 .
The seven-days trip shall be fine . How much is this tour ? $ 300 . We will take the trip . Could you give us a pamphlet ?
Have you ever gotten a parking ticket ? I've never gotten one . Have you ? I got a ticket yesterday .
I've never gotten one . Have you ? I got a ticket yesterday . Really ? What did you get one for ?
I got a ticket yesterday . Really ? What did you get one for ? I parked in the red zone .
Really ? What did you get one for ? I parked in the red zone . Why did you do that ?
I parked in the red zone . Why did you do that ? I needed to get something really quick .
Why did you do that ? I needed to get something really quick . Where did you park at ?
I needed to get something really quick . Where did you park at ? At my apartment building .
Where did you park at ? At my apartment building . Don't you have your own parking spot ?
At my apartment building . Don't you have your own parking spot ? I needed to be fast .
Next , please . May I help you , sir ? Hello , yes , I ' d like to open a bank account . Certainly , I can can help you with that . What type of account would you like to open ? A chequing or a savings account ?
Hello , yes , I ' d like to open a bank account . Certainly , I can can help you with that . What type of account would you like to open ? A chequing or a savings account ? What What features do they offer ?
Certainly , I can can help you with that . What type of account would you like to open ? A chequing or a savings account ? What What features do they offer ? Well , if you just take a look here , see , with our chequing account , you can have unlimited daily transactions for a small monthly fee , and our savings account has a higher interest rate , but you must carry a minimum balance of $ 10,000 dollars .
What What features do they offer ? Well , if you just take a look here , see , with our chequing account , you can have unlimited daily transactions for a small monthly fee , and our savings account has a higher interest rate , but you must carry a minimum balance of $ 10,000 dollars . I see , well , I think I ' m more interested in a chequing account . I like to have easy access to my money .
Well , if you just take a look here , see , with our chequing account , you can have unlimited daily transactions for a small monthly fee , and our savings account has a higher interest rate , but you must carry a minimum balance of $ 10,000 dollars . I see , well , I think I ' m more interested in a chequing account . I like to have easy access to my money . Alright , then , with this chequing account you ' ll be issued a debit card and a cheque book . Will you require overdraft protection ? There is an extra fee for that .
I see , well , I think I ' m more interested in a chequing account . I like to have easy access to my money . Alright , then , with this chequing account you ' ll be issued a debit card and a cheque book . Will you require overdraft protection ? There is an extra fee for that . No , that won ' t be necessary .
Alright , then , with this chequing account you ' ll be issued a debit card and a cheque book . Will you require overdraft protection ? There is an extra fee for that . No , that won ' t be necessary . In that case , I ' ll get you to fill out this paperwork . I ' ll need your social insurance number , and two pieces of government ID . If you could just sign here , and here , and here . we ' ll be all set . Would you like to make a deposit today ?
Lili , let ' s take a vacation ! George , how can we ? Vacations cost money . And this month we don ' t have much money left after paying the rent . Well , Lili , we can visit different places in the state in our van 10 . We are not going to take a plane or stay at a hotel this time . Trust me , it won ' t cost much .
George , how can we ? Vacations cost money . And this month we don ' t have much money left after paying the rent . Well , Lili , we can visit different places in the state in our van 10 . We are not going to take a plane or stay at a hotel this time . Trust me , it won ' t cost much . Where will we sleep , then ?
Well , Lili , we can visit different places in the state in our van 10 . We are not going to take a plane or stay at a hotel this time . Trust me , it won ' t cost much . Where will we sleep , then ? In the van .
Where will we sleep , then ? In the van . What about other expenses ?
In the van . What about other expenses ? Let ' s see . Gas , food , recreation , we won ' t spend much . Come on . Don ' t hesitate . We need to get out of the house once in a while . We have been working hard , haven ' t we ?
What about other expenses ? Let ' s see . Gas , food , recreation , we won ' t spend much . Come on . Don ' t hesitate . We need to get out of the house once in a while . We have been working hard , haven ' t we ? Maybe you ' re right . When do you plan to go ?
Let ' s see . Gas , food , recreation , we won ' t spend much . Come on . Don ' t hesitate . We need to get out of the house once in a while . We have been working hard , haven ' t we ? Maybe you ' re right . When do you plan to go ? The sooner the better ! I can ' t wait !
Maybe you ' re right . When do you plan to go ? The sooner the better ! I can ' t wait ! Oh , I don ' t know where we ' re going yet .
The sooner the better ! I can ' t wait ! Oh , I don ' t know where we ' re going yet . As long as we ' re going , you can decide where to go . I trust your judgments . I know you miss Chinese food , so we can eat at a Chinese restaurant this time .
Oh , I don ' t know where we ' re going yet . As long as we ' re going , you can decide where to go . I trust your judgments . I know you miss Chinese food , so we can eat at a Chinese restaurant this time . Let ' s go to Chicago . We can have lunch in Chinatown . Then we can go to a ball game at Wrigley Field !
Can I help you ? Yes , I'm in a bit of a rush . Could I have a piece of apple pie please ? Certainly . Would you like it with ice cream ?
I'd like to order breakfast , please . What'd you like , madam ? Two muffins and a cup of coffee . Will it take long ?
What do you think about violence in movies ? Personally , I'm not for it . I feel it's bad for kids to watch . But kids like watching things like that . It's just for fun , would't you say ?
Good morning . Thank you for the interview . No problem . Now , do you prefer working with others or flying solo ? Actually , I enjoy both .
No problem . Now , do you prefer working with others or flying solo ? Actually , I enjoy both . So , what is most important to you in a job ? Do you need job security or professional growth and a chance to advance ?
Actually , I enjoy both . So , what is most important to you in a job ? Do you need job security or professional growth and a chance to advance ? I need job security .
So , what is most important to you in a job ? Do you need job security or professional growth and a chance to advance ? I need job security . Would you be able to relocate ?
I need job security . Would you be able to relocate ? I am open to relocating .
Would you be able to relocate ? I am open to relocating . What are your annual salary requirements ?
I am open to relocating . What are your annual salary requirements ? I need at least 75,000 per year .
Excuse me . can you tell me where Main Street is ? Turn left at the second light and then go straight for two blocks . Is it far ?
Turn left at the second light and then go straight for two blocks . Is it far ? No . it ' s only five minutes walk . you can ' t miss it .
Is it far ? No . it ' s only five minutes walk . you can ' t miss it . Thanks a lot
Excuse me . Do you know where the Admiral Hotel is ? That's over on Callaway Street , isn't it ? Yes , but I can't find Callaway Street .
That's over on Callaway Street , isn't it ? Yes , but I can't find Callaway Street . Walk that way for about four blocks . The hotel's about two blocks north of there .
Yes , but I can't find Callaway Street . Walk that way for about four blocks . The hotel's about two blocks north of there . Thanks a lot .
You seem to very busy these days . What are you doing ? I am swapped with work after 10 - day holiday . Where did you spend your holiday ?
Where do you plan to go this winter ? Alps , suppose . Oh , yes , you like skiing .
It really makes my blood boil when this sort of thing happens . I even want to wring his neck . Don't be so angry . It's passed anyway . I can't forget it .
Good evening , Pizza House . This is Marty speaking . May I take your order ? Um yes . I'd like a medium pizza with pepperoni , olives , and extra cheese . We have a two-for-one special on large pizzas . Would you like a large pizza instead ?
Um yes . I'd like a medium pizza with pepperoni , olives , and extra cheese . We have a two-for-one special on large pizzas . Would you like a large pizza instead ? Sure , that sounds good .
We have a two-for-one special on large pizzas . Would you like a large pizza instead ? Sure , that sounds good . Great ! Would you like your second pizza to be the same as the first ?
Sure , that sounds good . Great ! Would you like your second pizza to be the same as the first ? No , make the second one with ham , pineapple and green peppers . Oh , and make it thin crust .
Great ! Would you like your second pizza to be the same as the first ? No , make the second one with ham , pineapple and green peppers . Oh , and make it thin crust . Okay , thin crust . Your total is $ 21 . 50 and yourorder will arrive in thirty minutes or it ' s free !
No , make the second one with ham , pineapple and green peppers . Oh , and make it thin crust . Okay , thin crust . Your total is $ 21 . 50 and yourorder will arrive in thirty minutes or it ' s free ! Perfect . Thank you . Bye ..
Wow , Amy , look at that number . What's so great about it ? What do you mean ? It's a scrim .
What's so great about it ? What do you mean ? It's a scrim . Not to me , I wouldn't be caught dead in that .
What do you mean ? It's a scrim . Not to me , I wouldn't be caught dead in that . I love that kind of stuff .
Not to me , I wouldn't be caught dead in that . I love that kind of stuff . Yeah , you seem to like those styles .
I love that kind of stuff . Yeah , you seem to like those styles . Sure do . I get a kick out of looking punk .
Yeah , you seem to like those styles . Sure do . I get a kick out of looking punk . This one looks really expensive though .
Sure do . I get a kick out of looking punk . This one looks really expensive though . I don't care how much it costs . I'm rolling in it .
This one looks really expensive though . I don't care how much it costs . I'm rolling in it . Lucky you ! I can't buy anything else . I'm flat broke .
I don't care how much it costs . I'm rolling in it . Lucky you ! I can't buy anything else . I'm flat broke . I got a replace my party outfit , I trashed it last week .
Lucky you ! I can't buy anything else . I'm flat broke . I got a replace my party outfit , I trashed it last week . Why did you drag me into this ? I've spent a week salary .
I got a replace my party outfit , I trashed it last week . Why did you drag me into this ? I've spent a week salary . Are you on the level ? You're the one who called me , remember ?
What kind of place shall we rent ? It should be close to the university . Neither of us are good at getting up in the mornings and closer it is , the later we can get up . Absolutely . That's the most important thing to take into consideration . I'm not too worried about the size of the flat .
It should be close to the university . Neither of us are good at getting up in the mornings and closer it is , the later we can get up . Absolutely . That's the most important thing to take into consideration . I'm not too worried about the size of the flat . Neither am I . So a small place is ok , but we'll get a bigger one if it's not expensive . Do you mind if it's in a noisy area ?
Absolutely . That's the most important thing to take into consideration . I'm not too worried about the size of the flat . Neither am I . So a small place is ok , but we'll get a bigger one if it's not expensive . Do you mind if it's in a noisy area ? I don't mind . i'm not a light sleeper , but quieter is better for when we have to study at home .
Neither am I . So a small place is ok , but we'll get a bigger one if it's not expensive . Do you mind if it's in a noisy area ? I don't mind . i'm not a light sleeper , but quieter is better for when we have to study at home . Good point . Ok , let's go to the estate agent and see what they can offer us .
I don't mind . i'm not a light sleeper , but quieter is better for when we have to study at home . Good point . Ok , let's go to the estate agent and see what they can offer us . Yes , if we're lucky we'll find something in the next few days . I think you had a good idea to start flat hunting early .
Good point . Ok , let's go to the estate agent and see what they can offer us . Yes , if we're lucky we'll find something in the next few days . I think you had a good idea to start flat hunting early . How much do you think the rent will be ?
How is your new dormitory ? It's very nice . There are only four people , and those girls are very kind and friendly . Well , do you all major in the same subject ?
It's very nice . There are only four people , and those girls are very kind and friendly . Well , do you all major in the same subject ? No , the other three girls major in a computer science , and they can help me a lot with the computer operating .
How long does it take to get to downtown from here ? It is 15 minutes ' drive . What companies do we have in our neighborhood ?
It is 15 minutes ' drive . What companies do we have in our neighborhood ? Mitsubishi , HP , IBM and many other famous corporations .
What companies do we have in our neighborhood ? Mitsubishi , HP , IBM and many other famous corporations . Does the 7th floor belong to our company too ?
Mitsubishi , HP , IBM and many other famous corporations . Does the 7th floor belong to our company too ? Yes , our company has two floors , the 6th and 7th floor in this building .
Does the 7th floor belong to our company too ? Yes , our company has two floors , the 6th and 7th floor in this building . It ' s such a large firm . Do we have our own staff restaurant ?
Where are you going , Jane ? I'm going to the hospital to see Susan . I saw her yesterday . She was a little better .
I'm going to the hospital to see Susan . I saw her yesterday . She was a little better . Must I catch a number 7 bus to get there ?
I saw her yesterday . She was a little better . Must I catch a number 7 bus to get there ? No , you needn't . A number 13 bus will also take you to the hospital .
Must I catch a number 7 bus to get there ? No , you needn't . A number 13 bus will also take you to the hospital . Number 13 buses run much more frequently , don't they ?
No , you needn't . A number 13 bus will also take you to the hospital . Number 13 buses run much more frequently , don't they ? Yes . I caught a number 7 bus yesterday , and they said I had taken a wrong bus .
Number 13 buses run much more frequently , don't they ? Yes . I caught a number 7 bus yesterday , and they said I had taken a wrong bus . Thank you , Henry . I'll get a number 13 .
Honey , do you have a second ? Sure ! Are you okay ? You seem a bit worried . What ' s on your mind ? We need to talk .
Sure ! Are you okay ? You seem a bit worried . What ' s on your mind ? We need to talk . Okay ...
We need to talk . Okay ... I ' Ve been thinking , and well , I think we need to start seeing other people .
Okay ... I ' Ve been thinking , and well , I think we need to start seeing other people . What ? Why ? I mean , we ' Ve had our ups and downs , and we have the occasional disagreement , but we ' re happy together , aren ' t we ?
I ' Ve been thinking , and well , I think we need to start seeing other people . What ? Why ? I mean , we ' Ve had our ups and downs , and we have the occasional disagreement , but we ' re happy together , aren ' t we ? That ' s just it , I ' m not happy anymore , Tim . It ' s not you , it ' s me . I know that I can be hard to deal with , and you are a great guy ! You are the type of guy that any woman would kill for !
What ? Why ? I mean , we ' Ve had our ups and downs , and we have the occasional disagreement , but we ' re happy together , aren ' t we ? That ' s just it , I ' m not happy anymore , Tim . It ' s not you , it ' s me . I know that I can be hard to deal with , and you are a great guy ! You are the type of guy that any woman would kill for ! So , what are you saying ? You ' re breaking up with me because I ' m perfect ?
That ' s just it , I ' m not happy anymore , Tim . It ' s not you , it ' s me . I know that I can be hard to deal with , and you are a great guy ! You are the type of guy that any woman would kill for ! So , what are you saying ? You ' re breaking up with me because I ' m perfect ? Tim , you are too good for me . You deserve someone who can make you smile and make you happy the way that you made me happy . Oh , I could say that I ' ll be all you need , but that would be a lie . I know I ' d only hurt you , I know I ' d only make you cry .
So , what are you saying ? You ' re breaking up with me because I ' m perfect ? Tim , you are too good for me . You deserve someone who can make you smile and make you happy the way that you made me happy . Oh , I could say that I ' ll be all you need , but that would be a lie . I know I ' d only hurt you , I know I ' d only make you cry . Baby , come on . Don ' t do this to me ! Whatever it is , we can work it out . Just give me another chance ! I know that we can get through this , but we gotta stick together ! Don ' t leave me .
Tim , you are too good for me . You deserve someone who can make you smile and make you happy the way that you made me happy . Oh , I could say that I ' ll be all you need , but that would be a lie . I know I ' d only hurt you , I know I ' d only make you cry . Baby , come on . Don ' t do this to me ! Whatever it is , we can work it out . Just give me another chance ! I know that we can get through this , but we gotta stick together ! Don ' t leave me . I can ' t , Tim . I hope someday you can find some way to understand I ' m only doing this for you . I don ' t really wanna go but , deep in my heart I know this is the kindest thing to do .
Baby , come on . Don ' t do this to me ! Whatever it is , we can work it out . Just give me another chance ! I know that we can get through this , but we gotta stick together ! Don ' t leave me . I can ' t , Tim . I hope someday you can find some way to understand I ' m only doing this for you . I don ' t really wanna go but , deep in my heart I know this is the kindest thing to do . Laura ...
I want to see the man responsible for selling typewriters . My name is Steven . I'm the Sales Manager of this company . Well , look here . Ten new typewriters were delivered to my company yesterday afternoon and only five of them work properly .
My name is Steven . I'm the Sales Manager of this company . Well , look here . Ten new typewriters were delivered to my company yesterday afternoon and only five of them work properly . Oh , I'm sorry about that .
Well , look here . Ten new typewriters were delivered to my company yesterday afternoon and only five of them work properly . Oh , I'm sorry about that . Never mind being sorry , what are you going to do about it ?
Oh , I'm sorry about that . Never mind being sorry , what are you going to do about it ? Don't worry , we'll soon fix them .
Never mind being sorry , what are you going to do about it ? Don't worry , we'll soon fix them . Good , I hope you'll make sure that it won't happen again .
Don't worry , we'll soon fix them . Good , I hope you'll make sure that it won't happen again . I'll certainly look into that .
You still have not given me those files I ' Ve asked you for . I ' m sorry , Mr . Myers . I ' Ve just been so busy today . I really don ' t want to hear your excuses , Janet . We ' re running a busy office here . You ' re going to have to keep up .
Cindy , how come nearly all the prime-time TV shows are comedies ? That's because Americans love sitcoms . Sitcoms ?
That's because Americans love sitcoms . Sitcoms ? Situation comedies . A sitcom is half an hour long and it airs weekly . Sitcom shows tend to be about ordinary people . If there is one thing that all the shows have in common , it is teaching wholesome values .
Sitcoms ? Situation comedies . A sitcom is half an hour long and it airs weekly . Sitcom shows tend to be about ordinary people . If there is one thing that all the shows have in common , it is teaching wholesome values . In Taiwan , prime-time shows are an hour long and most of them aren't comedies .
Hello , Jack . I'm John . I'm glad to see you ! Sit down , please . Maybe you have read the contract , but I want to give you the details again before you sign the contract . You must have a three-month internship .
I'm glad to see you ! Sit down , please . Maybe you have read the contract , but I want to give you the details again before you sign the contract . You must have a three-month internship . Yes , I know .
Sit down , please . Maybe you have read the contract , but I want to give you the details again before you sign the contract . You must have a three-month internship . Yes , I know . When you become a permanent employee , you will have the insurances . You will get monthly pay and will be on eight-hour / day work shift .
Yes , I know . When you become a permanent employee , you will have the insurances . You will get monthly pay and will be on eight-hour / day work shift . Wait , will I have five insurances and one fund ?
When you become a permanent employee , you will have the insurances . You will get monthly pay and will be on eight-hour / day work shift . Wait , will I have five insurances and one fund ? Yes . You can also enjoy legal holidays and year-end bonus .
Wait , will I have five insurances and one fund ? Yes . You can also enjoy legal holidays and year-end bonus . It sounds great !
Yes . You can also enjoy legal holidays and year-end bonus . It sounds great ! If you need to work overtime , you will get twice the usual salary as overtime pay .
It sounds great ! If you need to work overtime , you will get twice the usual salary as overtime pay . OK .
If you need to work overtime , you will get twice the usual salary as overtime pay . OK . You have read the relevant terms of the contract . Do you have other questions ?
OK . You have read the relevant terms of the contract . Do you have other questions ? How long will the induction training be ?
You have read the relevant terms of the contract . Do you have other questions ? How long will the induction training be ? About two weeks .
How long will the induction training be ? About two weeks . I see .
About two weeks . I see . If you don't have other questions , just sign here .
What do you think I should do , doctor ? Why don't you try Chinese herbal medicine ? Is it useful for me ?
Why don't you try Chinese herbal medicine ? Is it useful for me ? You have to try at least .
Is it useful for me ? You have to try at least . OK . Thanks a lot .
Mary , it's good to see you ! Josh and I were just on our way back home from the beach and thought we'd drop by . I am so glad that you decided to stop by !
Josh and I were just on our way back home from the beach and thought we'd drop by . I am so glad that you decided to stop by ! Yes , it has been a long time since we have seen you .
I am so glad that you decided to stop by ! Yes , it has been a long time since we have seen you . Mary , can I get Josh or you something to drink ?
Yes , it has been a long time since we have seen you . Mary , can I get Josh or you something to drink ? Oh no , thank you . We aren't all that thirsty .
Mary , can I get Josh or you something to drink ? Oh no , thank you . We aren't all that thirsty . How about a little snack then ?
Oh no , thank you . We aren't all that thirsty . How about a little snack then ? No , thank you , we just ate lunch a little while ago .
How about a little snack then ? No , thank you , we just ate lunch a little while ago . Well then , how is your family ?
What's your favorite book ? It's Gone With the Wind . Why do you like it best ?
It's Gone With the Wind . Why do you like it best ? I enjoy the various characters and the plot .
Why do you like it best ? I enjoy the various characters and the plot . Well . I like the Thom Birds best .
I enjoy the various characters and the plot . Well . I like the Thom Birds best . Is it very interesting ?
Well . I like the Thom Birds best . Is it very interesting ? Sure . I like the writer's language , too .
Is it very interesting ? Sure . I like the writer's language , too . If I have a chance , I'll enjoy the book .
Sure . I like the writer's language , too . If I have a chance , I'll enjoy the book . Would you like to go to the bookshop with me ?
Have you seen the new James Bond movie ? Oh , yes . You ? Yes . What did you think of it ?
Oh , yes . You ? Yes . What did you think of it ? I thought it was better than the others-I really liked it . What did you think of it ?
Yes . What did you think of it ? I thought it was better than the others-I really liked it . What did you think of it ? Yes , I liked it , too . It was exciting , but not over the top . Do you know what I mean ?
I thought it was better than the others-I really liked it . What did you think of it ? Yes , I liked it , too . It was exciting , but not over the top . Do you know what I mean ? Mmm . That's what I thought too . I really liked the car chase , and the opening credit sequence was very exciting . And I always enjoy watching Pierce Brosnan .
Yes , I liked it , too . It was exciting , but not over the top . Do you know what I mean ? Mmm . That's what I thought too . I really liked the car chase , and the opening credit sequence was very exciting . And I always enjoy watching Pierce Brosnan . Oh , yes . He's brilliant . Did you like the title song ?
Mmm . That's what I thought too . I really liked the car chase , and the opening credit sequence was very exciting . And I always enjoy watching Pierce Brosnan . Oh , yes . He's brilliant . Did you like the title song ? Not as much as last time , actually . What's the name of the American actor who was in the supporting role ?
Oh , yes . He's brilliant . Did you like the title song ? Not as much as last time , actually . What's the name of the American actor who was in the supporting role ? Hum , Edward Norton , or something like that . Did you like him ?
Not as much as last time , actually . What's the name of the American actor who was in the supporting role ? Hum , Edward Norton , or something like that . Did you like him ? Yes . He was excellent . They worked well together , don't you think ?
Hum , Edward Norton , or something like that . Did you like him ? Yes . He was excellent . They worked well together , don't you think ? I don't know . I think the woman was better . She provided a good love interest . Lucky James Bond !
Good morning , everyone . Let me introduce myself to you ... You don't need to introduce yourself , Yang . You're famous . Well , thank you very much but I thought l'd try and chair the meeting by the rule -- at least for a while .
You don't need to introduce yourself , Yang . You're famous . Well , thank you very much but I thought l'd try and chair the meeting by the rule -- at least for a while . OK , OK !
Well , thank you very much but I thought l'd try and chair the meeting by the rule -- at least for a while . OK , OK ! Now , I'd like to get things under way . The main topic on today's agenda is the development of a U . S . sales strategy for the new EBB . I'd like to hear all of your ideas , Mr . Wall , you seem in top form today . Could you start the ball rolling ?
OK , OK ! Now , I'd like to get things under way . The main topic on today's agenda is the development of a U . S . sales strategy for the new EBB . I'd like to hear all of your ideas , Mr . Wall , you seem in top form today . Could you start the ball rolling ? Uh , oh , sure . Well , I think we should keep in mind that the key to good sales is advertising .
Now , I'd like to get things under way . The main topic on today's agenda is the development of a U . S . sales strategy for the new EBB . I'd like to hear all of your ideas , Mr . Wall , you seem in top form today . Could you start the ball rolling ? Uh , oh , sure . Well , I think we should keep in mind that the key to good sales is advertising . Well , that's kind of obvious .
Uh , oh , sure . Well , I think we should keep in mind that the key to good sales is advertising . Well , that's kind of obvious . Give me a break , Mr Yang .
What are the most popular sports in your country ? Swimming in summer and skating in winter . What ' s your favorite sport ? Jogging and bowling . Do you know how to practise Bungfu ?
Swimming in summer and skating in winter . What ' s your favorite sport ? Jogging and bowling . Do you know how to practise Bungfu ? No I don't But l do Taijiquan or Shadow boxing . People everywhere in China usually do Taijiquan early in the morning . It can help people keep fit . It has a history of over three hundred years .
Jogging and bowling . Do you know how to practise Bungfu ? No I don't But l do Taijiquan or Shadow boxing . People everywhere in China usually do Taijiquan early in the morning . It can help people keep fit . It has a history of over three hundred years . Is it easy to learn ?
No I don't But l do Taijiquan or Shadow boxing . People everywhere in China usually do Taijiquan early in the morning . It can help people keep fit . It has a history of over three hundred years . Is it easy to learn ? Yes . it is I can teach you if you like .
Is it easy to learn ? Yes . it is I can teach you if you like . Thank you . I can teach you how to bowl .
how long will it take us to drive to London ? I think it ' s a distance of 180 kilometers from here to London , so it should be a two-hour drive on the motorway . that ' s unless there is a traffic jam . It could take three hours .
I think it ' s a distance of 180 kilometers from here to London , so it should be a two-hour drive on the motorway . that ' s unless there is a traffic jam . It could take three hours . you ' re right . We will be able to travel at high speeds at the beginning and end of the journey , because we will be in built-up areas .
that ' s unless there is a traffic jam . It could take three hours . you ' re right . We will be able to travel at high speeds at the beginning and end of the journey , because we will be in built-up areas . so , shall we allow three hours to cover the distance ?
you ' re right . We will be able to travel at high speeds at the beginning and end of the journey , because we will be in built-up areas . so , shall we allow three hours to cover the distance ? ok . You haven ' t seen my company car , have you ?
so , shall we allow three hours to cover the distance ? ok . You haven ' t seen my company car , have you ? no . let me take a look ... it ' s longer than my car .
ok . You haven ' t seen my company car , have you ? no . let me take a look ... it ' s longer than my car . I think it ' s over five meters long . I can ' t remember exactly . It has a maximum speed of over 200 kilometers an hour .
no . let me take a look ... it ' s longer than my car . I think it ' s over five meters long . I can ' t remember exactly . It has a maximum speed of over 200 kilometers an hour . wow ! That ' s fast ! I don ' t think we will be traveling that fast on the motorway .
We have another traditional holiday-the Dragon Boat Festival . When is it ? It falls on the fifth day of the fifth lunar month .
When is it ? It falls on the fifth day of the fifth lunar month . Could you tell me the origin of the two festivals ?
It falls on the fifth day of the fifth lunar month . Could you tell me the origin of the two festivals ? OK . The Dragon Boat Festival is a way to commemorate a great ancient poet named Quyuan . On that day , people will hold a boat race as a symbol of the attempt to save him who threw himself into the river .
Could you tell me the origin of the two festivals ? OK . The Dragon Boat Festival is a way to commemorate a great ancient poet named Quyuan . On that day , people will hold a boat race as a symbol of the attempt to save him who threw himself into the river . Why do people eat rice cakes on that day ?
OK . The Dragon Boat Festival is a way to commemorate a great ancient poet named Quyuan . On that day , people will hold a boat race as a symbol of the attempt to save him who threw himself into the river . Why do people eat rice cakes on that day ? In order to prevent the fish from eating the poet's body .
Excuse me , could you please show me the way to the human resource department ? Yeah , but have you made an appointment ahead ? Yes , of course . I am Monica . I have made an appointment with your HR manager .
Yeah , but have you made an appointment ahead ? Yes , of course . I am Monica . I have made an appointment with your HR manager . Just a minute please . I ' ll make a call to the HR office . Yes , they confirm your appointment . Please come in . it is on the 3rd floor , room 3106 . You can take the right elevator as the left on is in maintenance today .
Yes , of course . I am Monica . I have made an appointment with your HR manager . Just a minute please . I ' ll make a call to the HR office . Yes , they confirm your appointment . Please come in . it is on the 3rd floor , room 3106 . You can take the right elevator as the left on is in maintenance today . Thank you very much .
What's that book you have under your arm ? It's the best seller everyone's been talking about for the last six months . How in the world did you get a copy ? I've put a hold on it at the public library for weeks and I'm still waiting my turn .
It's the best seller everyone's been talking about for the last six months . How in the world did you get a copy ? I've put a hold on it at the public library for weeks and I'm still waiting my turn . I checked it out of the rental library . It only costs five cents a day .
How in the world did you get a copy ? I've put a hold on it at the public library for weeks and I'm still waiting my turn . I checked it out of the rental library . It only costs five cents a day . Is it really worth paying for ?
I checked it out of the rental library . It only costs five cents a day . Is it really worth paying for ? I can't tell yet . I haven't got beyond the first chapter .
Good evening , ma'am . Table for one ? Yes , please . Will this table be all right ?
Yes , please . Will this table be all right ? Actually , I'd like a booth by the window if that's possible .
Will this table be all right ? Actually , I'd like a booth by the window if that's possible . Certainly . How about this one ?
Actually , I'd like a booth by the window if that's possible . Certainly . How about this one ? This will be fine , thanks .
Certainly . How about this one ? This will be fine , thanks . ( Handing her a menu ) Your waiter will be here in a minute to take your order .
Hey , you look great ! how's everything ? Yeah , you know what ? I've been going to the club regularly . The training really pays off . Now I am in a good shape and I know more about how to keep fit . Really ? tell me about it . I haven't gone to the club for a long time . I am too busy with work .
Yeah , you know what ? I've been going to the club regularly . The training really pays off . Now I am in a good shape and I know more about how to keep fit . Really ? tell me about it . I haven't gone to the club for a long time . I am too busy with work . It's important to do proper exercises .
Really ? tell me about it . I haven't gone to the club for a long time . I am too busy with work . It's important to do proper exercises . You're right . Too much or too little won't do any good .
It's important to do proper exercises . You're right . Too much or too little won't do any good . The trainer tells me , besides regular sports activities , I should also have a healthy and balanced diet .
You're right . Too much or too little won't do any good . The trainer tells me , besides regular sports activities , I should also have a healthy and balanced diet . Sounds reasonable .
The trainer tells me , besides regular sports activities , I should also have a healthy and balanced diet . Sounds reasonable . We should eat more vegetables instead of junk food to stay energetic .
Sounds reasonable . We should eat more vegetables instead of junk food to stay energetic . And fruits !
We should eat more vegetables instead of junk food to stay energetic . And fruits ! Surely it is . Getting enough sleep is also crucial for fitness .
And fruits ! Surely it is . Getting enough sleep is also crucial for fitness . I've heard that . Does your trainer tell you anything about keeping fit ?
Surely it is . Getting enough sleep is also crucial for fitness . I've heard that . Does your trainer tell you anything about keeping fit ? Yeah , he advises me to stay in a good mood . That can also help one to keep sound physical health .
I've heard that . Does your trainer tell you anything about keeping fit ? Yeah , he advises me to stay in a good mood . That can also help one to keep sound physical health . I think if you follow your trainer's advice , you'll be on the right track .
Excuse me , I have something to trouble you . Yes ? I'll be very glad if I could be of any help to you . An hour ago , I bought this vase with my tourist .
Yes ? I'll be very glad if I could be of any help to you . An hour ago , I bought this vase with my tourist . Oh , yes . I remember it clearly . Is there anything wrong with it ?
An hour ago , I bought this vase with my tourist . Oh , yes . I remember it clearly . Is there anything wrong with it ? I'm afraid so . We found this crack on the bottom when I went back to my hotel .
Oh , yes . I remember it clearly . Is there anything wrong with it ? I'm afraid so . We found this crack on the bottom when I went back to my hotel . Oh , how awful ! Let me have a look , I'm terribly sorry . It was most thoughtless of me . Would you excuse me , please ?
I'm afraid so . We found this crack on the bottom when I went back to my hotel . Oh , how awful ! Let me have a look , I'm terribly sorry . It was most thoughtless of me . Would you excuse me , please ? Oh , It's quite all right , I suppose . It can't be helped sometimes .
Oh , how awful ! Let me have a look , I'm terribly sorry . It was most thoughtless of me . Would you excuse me , please ? Oh , It's quite all right , I suppose . It can't be helped sometimes . It's very kind of you to say so . How about changing another one for you ?
Oh , It's quite all right , I suppose . It can't be helped sometimes . It's very kind of you to say so . How about changing another one for you ? All right . Thank you .
It's very kind of you to say so . How about changing another one for you ? All right . Thank you . Just a minute , please . I won't be long . I'm sure this one is perfect . You may examine it carefully .
All right . Thank you . Just a minute , please . I won't be long . I'm sure this one is perfect . You may examine it carefully . Oh , yes , it is . I'll take this one .
Just a minute , please . I won't be long . I'm sure this one is perfect . You may examine it carefully . Oh , yes , it is . I'll take this one . I'm very sorry for any inconvenience I've caused you .
Hi Jim . Do you have a minute ? Sure , what ' s up ? Some of us are going to start a soccer team . Would you like to join us ?
Sure , what ' s up ? Some of us are going to start a soccer team . Would you like to join us ? I don ' t know anything about it . Soccer isn ' t as popular in my country as it is here .
Some of us are going to start a soccer team . Would you like to join us ? I don ' t know anything about it . Soccer isn ' t as popular in my country as it is here . That ' s all right . We ' ll teach you .
I don ' t know anything about it . Soccer isn ' t as popular in my country as it is here . That ' s all right . We ' ll teach you . Is it anything like American football ?
That ' s all right . We ' ll teach you . Is it anything like American football ? Not very much . It ' s something like hockey , except that you use a big ball and no stick .
Is it anything like American football ? Not very much . It ' s something like hockey , except that you use a big ball and no stick . I ' ll come down and watch you play some day , and see what it ' s like .
How do you celebrate national day in your country ? There are parades in many cities and people fly the national flags from almost every public building . What kinds of parades are there ?
There are parades in many cities and people fly the national flags from almost every public building . What kinds of parades are there ? The parades are usually military ones , but sometimes there are procession of people carrying flags and singing patriotic songs . What do you do on national day in your country ?
What kinds of parades are there ? The parades are usually military ones , but sometimes there are procession of people carrying flags and singing patriotic songs . What do you do on national day in your country ? We don ' t have a national day .
The parades are usually military ones , but sometimes there are procession of people carrying flags and singing patriotic songs . What do you do on national day in your country ? We don ' t have a national day . Really ? That ' s unusual .
We don ' t have a national day . Really ? That ' s unusual . I guess it is . Most countries have on , but we don ' t .
Hello . Hi . It ' s Tony calling from the dentist ' s office . Is Lily there ? No , Lily is not here at the moment .
Hi . It ' s Tony calling from the dentist ' s office . Is Lily there ? No , Lily is not here at the moment . Could you ask her to call me back when she gets in ?
No , Lily is not here at the moment . Could you ask her to call me back when she gets in ? Sure . What ' s your number , please .
Could you ask her to call me back when she gets in ? Sure . What ' s your number , please . 519 367 8901 .
Sure . What ' s your number , please . 519 367 8901 . Thanks . And your name is Tony , right ?
519 367 8901 . Thanks . And your name is Tony , right ? Yes . I ' m Tony . Thank you very much .
Thanks . And your name is Tony , right ? Yes . I ' m Tony . Thank you very much . You ' re welcome . Bye .
Have you declared your income and are you prepared to pay tax ? Not yet . I don't know how to fill out the form . What is the tax-free allowance for supporting a dependent ? I don't really know . Why not ask the accountant or the lawyer of the law firm ? They will tell you which is subject or not subject to taxation . He can even help you avoid paying tax legally .
Not yet . I don't know how to fill out the form . What is the tax-free allowance for supporting a dependent ? I don't really know . Why not ask the accountant or the lawyer of the law firm ? They will tell you which is subject or not subject to taxation . He can even help you avoid paying tax legally . If I don't pay my taxes , would the tax officials discover it ?
Hello ? Hey Tina . What are you doing ? I was just watching TV . What's going on with you ?
Hey Tina . What are you doing ? I was just watching TV . What's going on with you ? I just watched a movie and I'm scared .
I was just watching TV . What's going on with you ? I just watched a movie and I'm scared . What did you watch ?
I just watched a movie and I'm scared . What did you watch ? I saw the Sixth Sense . I didn't know it was going to be so scary .
What did you watch ? I saw the Sixth Sense . I didn't know it was going to be so scary . I remember that . It was a great movie . But it was definitely scary .
I saw the Sixth Sense . I didn't know it was going to be so scary . I remember that . It was a great movie . But it was definitely scary . If you're not busy , do you want to come over ? I'm afraid to be alone .
I remember that . It was a great movie . But it was definitely scary . If you're not busy , do you want to come over ? I'm afraid to be alone . Sure . I can come over . What should we do ?
If you're not busy , do you want to come over ? I'm afraid to be alone . Sure . I can come over . What should we do ? How about if we watch a comedy . I need something to get my mind off the frightening images I have from the Sixth Sense .
Sure . I can come over . What should we do ? How about if we watch a comedy . I need something to get my mind off the frightening images I have from the Sixth Sense . Ok . I'll get ready and leave . I'll see you in about 20 minutes .
How about if we watch a comedy . I need something to get my mind off the frightening images I have from the Sixth Sense . Ok . I'll get ready and leave . I'll see you in about 20 minutes . Hurry , ok . It's dark out .
Ok . I'll get ready and leave . I'll see you in about 20 minutes . Hurry , ok . It's dark out . Don't worry , nothings going to happen . I'll be there real soon .
I need something to wash this down . Is there any juice in the fridge ? What is that ? It looks like something from a swamp ! It's a green drink . It's supposed to be full of vitamins and minerals .
What is that ? It looks like something from a swamp ! It's a green drink . It's supposed to be full of vitamins and minerals . You know , healthy eating doesn't have to make you gag .
It's a green drink . It's supposed to be full of vitamins and minerals . You know , healthy eating doesn't have to make you gag . The sales lady said that even if I eat right , I wouldn't get enough vitamins .
You know , healthy eating doesn't have to make you gag . The sales lady said that even if I eat right , I wouldn't get enough vitamins . Have you ever tried it ? Or are you just going to believe the sales lady ?
The sales lady said that even if I eat right , I wouldn't get enough vitamins . Have you ever tried it ? Or are you just going to believe the sales lady ? It's easier to drink this once a day than eat fruit and vegetables all day .
It's your turn now , Helen . OK . I'm coming . This is your song . I picked it for you .
OK . I'm coming . This is your song . I picked it for you . Thank you . You are so considerate .
This is your song . I picked it for you . Thank you . You are so considerate . Push the red button on the mike to turn it on .
Thank you . You are so considerate . Push the red button on the mike to turn it on . OK . This key is too high for me .
Push the red button on the mike to turn it on . OK . This key is too high for me . I think it's a piece of cake for you .
OK . This key is too high for me . I think it's a piece of cake for you . OK . Let me have a try ...
I think it's a piece of cake for you . OK . Let me have a try ... Well done ! I hope I can sing as well as you one day .
OK . Let me have a try ... Well done ! I hope I can sing as well as you one day . Thank you . I'm sure you will .
Hello sir , how may I help you ? I would like to buy some flowers , please . Something really nice . I see , may I ask what the occasion is ?
I would like to buy some flowers , please . Something really nice . I see , may I ask what the occasion is ? It ' s not really an occasion , it ' s more like I ' m sorry .
I see , may I ask what the occasion is ? It ' s not really an occasion , it ' s more like I ' m sorry . Very well . This arrangement here is very popular among regretful husbands and boyfriends . It has a dozen long stem red roses with a couple of sunflowers and a single orchid that stands out . It includes a small teddy bear to achieve the effect of immediate forgiveness .
It ' s not really an occasion , it ' s more like I ' m sorry . Very well . This arrangement here is very popular among regretful husbands and boyfriends . It has a dozen long stem red roses with a couple of sunflowers and a single orchid that stands out . It includes a small teddy bear to achieve the effect of immediate forgiveness . I think I ' m gonna need more than just a dozen red roses and a bear . What else do you recommend ?
Very well . This arrangement here is very popular among regretful husbands and boyfriends . It has a dozen long stem red roses with a couple of sunflowers and a single orchid that stands out . It includes a small teddy bear to achieve the effect of immediate forgiveness . I think I ' m gonna need more than just a dozen red roses and a bear . What else do you recommend ? Mmm , well this is our I ' m sorry I cheated on you package . Two dozen red roses lined with tulips , carnations and lilies . The fragrance and beauty of this flower arrangement is sure to make her forgive you .
I think I ' m gonna need more than just a dozen red roses and a bear . What else do you recommend ? Mmm , well this is our I ' m sorry I cheated on you package . Two dozen red roses lined with tulips , carnations and lilies . The fragrance and beauty of this flower arrangement is sure to make her forgive you . I don ' t think that ' s gonna cut it . I need something bigger and better !
Mmm , well this is our I ' m sorry I cheated on you package . Two dozen red roses lined with tulips , carnations and lilies . The fragrance and beauty of this flower arrangement is sure to make her forgive you . I don ' t think that ' s gonna cut it . I need something bigger and better ! I ' m sorry sir but , what exactly did you do ?
I don ' t think that ' s gonna cut it . I need something bigger and better ! I ' m sorry sir but , what exactly did you do ? Well , I may have accidentally insinuated that she is getting chubbier .
Mum , can I finish my homework later ? Sorry . You know the rules . But I want to watch TV now .
Sorry . You know the rules . But I want to watch TV now . That ' s out of the question .
But I want to watch TV now . That ' s out of the question . Please .
That ' s out of the question . Please . Not a chance .
Please . Not a chance . Not even for an hour ?
Excuse me sir . May I come in ? Mike , you're late again . I'm sorry , but my sister was ill , so I
Mike , you're late again . I'm sorry , but my sister was ill , so I Do you think I believe the story like that ?
I'm sorry , but my sister was ill , so I Do you think I believe the story like that ? But it's true .
Do you think I believe the story like that ? But it's true . How can believe it if the same excuse was used twice within a week ?
But it's true . How can believe it if the same excuse was used twice within a week ? That's coincident .
How can believe it if the same excuse was used twice within a week ? That's coincident . Ok , hold it . Remember to be punctual next time .
That's coincident . Ok , hold it . Remember to be punctual next time . I promise I will .
Where do you want to go ? I'm going to the hospital . Get in . I'll take you .
I'm going to the hospital . Get in . I'll take you . About how much will it cost ?
Get in . I'll take you . About how much will it cost ? It will cost you $ 10 .
About how much will it cost ? It will cost you $ 10 . By the way , what's the time ?
It will cost you $ 10 . By the way , what's the time ? You can see the time on the meter . I have radio time , you know .
By the way , what's the time ? You can see the time on the meter . I have radio time , you know . It's a quarter to 12 . Could you please drive a little faster ?
I've come to hear about your offer . We have the offer ready for you . Let me check . 10 boxes with 50 brooches per box , at 20,000 yuan ; 20 boxes with 50 waistbands per box , at 30,000 yuan ; 15 boxes with other ornaments per box , at 7 , 500 yuan , for shipment in June . The offer is valid for five days . I can tell you right now that your prices are a little higher than we expected .
We have the offer ready for you . Let me check . 10 boxes with 50 brooches per box , at 20,000 yuan ; 20 boxes with 50 waistbands per box , at 30,000 yuan ; 15 boxes with other ornaments per box , at 7 , 500 yuan , for shipment in June . The offer is valid for five days . I can tell you right now that your prices are a little higher than we expected . You know that the prices of the ornaments have been rising in recent years . The prices we offer this time compare favorably with quotations you can get else where .
I can tell you right now that your prices are a little higher than we expected . You know that the prices of the ornaments have been rising in recent years . The prices we offer this time compare favorably with quotations you can get else where . I am afraid I can't agree with you there . I must point out your prices are higher than the quotations we've received from other companies .
You know that the prices of the ornaments have been rising in recent years . The prices we offer this time compare favorably with quotations you can get else where . I am afraid I can't agree with you there . I must point out your prices are higher than the quotations we've received from other companies . But you must take the design and quality into consideration . You know we are superior to others in design and quality . We have various styles , which the other companies cannot catch up with .
I am afraid I can't agree with you there . I must point out your prices are higher than the quotations we've received from other companies . But you must take the design and quality into consideration . You know we are superior to others in design and quality . We have various styles , which the other companies cannot catch up with . I agree that yours are of the top .
But you must take the design and quality into consideration . You know we are superior to others in design and quality . We have various styles , which the other companies cannot catch up with . I agree that yours are of the top . Well , since your order is large enough , can you give me a rough idea ?
I agree that yours are of the top . Well , since your order is large enough , can you give me a rough idea ? To have this business concluded , I should say a reduction of least 10 % would help .
Well , since your order is large enough , can you give me a rough idea ? To have this business concluded , I should say a reduction of least 10 % would help . Impossible . How about 5 % off ?
I have a terrible toothache . Which tooth is it ? This one here .
Which tooth is it ? This one here . Ar , Yes . There ' s a big cavity .
This one here . Ar , Yes . There ' s a big cavity . Can you fill it ?
Ar , Yes . There ' s a big cavity . Can you fill it ? I ' m afraid not . The tooth is too far gone . it'll have to be taken out .
Can you fill it ? I ' m afraid not . The tooth is too far gone . it'll have to be taken out . Then I might as well have it done now .
The boss announces the pay raise today , right ? How much do you think we'll get ? No idea . Your guess is as good as mine . It better be more than last year .
We're thinking about going to America . Have you thought about the cost ? There is that .
we really were lucky . We got the last available table for two---and we didn't even have a reservation ! Did you see the long lines behind us ? yeah , I'm glad that we didn't have to wait long . I'm starving ! let's take a look at the menu so we can order . Do you want to choose an appetizer for us to share ?
yeah , I'm glad that we didn't have to wait long . I'm starving ! let's take a look at the menu so we can order . Do you want to choose an appetizer for us to share ? what would you rather have , samosas or poppadoms ?
let's take a look at the menu so we can order . Do you want to choose an appetizer for us to share ? what would you rather have , samosas or poppadoms ? I heard that one of their specialities is the samosa .
what would you rather have , samosas or poppadoms ? I heard that one of their specialities is the samosa . well , let's get a plate of those then .
I heard that one of their specialities is the samosa . well , let's get a plate of those then . sounds good . What are you going to have for your main course ?
well , let's get a plate of those then . sounds good . What are you going to have for your main course ? I think I might have a dahl .
sounds good . What are you going to have for your main course ? I think I might have a dahl . what's in a dahl ?
I think I might have a dahl . what's in a dahl ? it's got chickpeas and vegetables in a spicy curry sauce with rice .
what's in a dahl ? it's got chickpeas and vegetables in a spicy curry sauce with rice . that sounds nice . Do you want to share some kebabs as well ?
it's got chickpeas and vegetables in a spicy curry sauce with rice . that sounds nice . Do you want to share some kebabs as well ? ok . How about some lamb kebabs ?
that sounds nice . Do you want to share some kebabs as well ? ok . How about some lamb kebabs ? that's my favourite . Do you want to have some wine or beer ?
ok . How about some lamb kebabs ? that's my favourite . Do you want to have some wine or beer ? I think I'll have a beer .
that's my favourite . Do you want to have some wine or beer ? I think I'll have a beer . ok , shall I flag down the waitress ?
I think I'll have a beer . ok , shall I flag down the waitress ? I wouldn't recommend it . I think we should wait until she comes round .
ok , shall I flag down the waitress ? I wouldn't recommend it . I think we should wait until she comes round . you're right . That might seem a bit rude . It's a good thing I've got you with me !
May I help you ? Yes . Do you exchange foreign money here ? Yes . Our bank is authorized to deal with foreign exchange .
Yes . Do you exchange foreign money here ? Yes . Our bank is authorized to deal with foreign exchange . What kinds of currency do you change ?
Yes . Our bank is authorized to deal with foreign exchange . What kinds of currency do you change ? We can change only three kinds of currency , USD , Japanese Yen and HK Dollar in our savings office .
What kinds of currency do you change ? We can change only three kinds of currency , USD , Japanese Yen and HK Dollar in our savings office . Could you tell me what the exchange rate for USD is today ?
We can change only three kinds of currency , USD , Japanese Yen and HK Dollar in our savings office . Could you tell me what the exchange rate for USD is today ? The buying rate is 826 . 44 yuan for 100 dollars .
Could you tell me what the exchange rate for USD is today ? The buying rate is 826 . 44 yuan for 100 dollars . I want to change some Us dollars to cover my expense here .
The buying rate is 826 . 44 yuan for 100 dollars . I want to change some Us dollars to cover my expense here . Please go to Counter No . 2 , the foreign exchange counter . It's over there .
Like a cat on hot bricks , as you might say . I don ' t believe you are listening at all . Sorry , I just worried about him . You know , he should be here an hour ago . Don ' t worry him , he has been grown up and I think he can take himself very well .
Sorry , I just worried about him . You know , he should be here an hour ago . Don ' t worry him , he has been grown up and I think he can take himself very well . But he still does not come back .
Happy birthday , Jim ! Thank you , Lisa . Here is a present for you . I hope you like it .
Thank you , Lisa . Here is a present for you . I hope you like it . Oh , great ! I love it ! You know I've been expecting this for a long time .
Here is a present for you . I hope you like it . Oh , great ! I love it ! You know I've been expecting this for a long time . I'm very glad to hear that .
Oh , it's getting late . I've got to run . It was nice talking to you , karren . Thanks , Tim . Nice meeting you , too . I guess we'll see just around .
Thanks , Tim . Nice meeting you , too . I guess we'll see just around . Ye , I hope so . well . Take it easy .
Where to , ma'am ? The Grand Hotel . The Grand Hotel ?
The Grand Hotel . The Grand Hotel ? Yes . Do you know where it is ?
The Grand Hotel ? Yes . Do you know where it is ? No , Madam . I don't think I do .
Yes . Do you know where it is ? No , Madam . I don't think I do . It's the 11th Avenue , Park Street .
I'd like to withdraw some money from my account . Can I see your passbook and the withdrawal slip , please ? Sure .
Can I see your passbook and the withdrawal slip , please ? Sure . Let me just make sure . You want to withdraw one thousand dollars ?
I wish the politicians would quit digging up dirt about each other's past . I know . It really makes a mess of the whole election process . And it takes up all the news .
I know . It really makes a mess of the whole election process . And it takes up all the news . The problem is that there always a large number of people who eat that kind of stuff up .
And it takes up all the news . The problem is that there always a large number of people who eat that kind of stuff up . It's so small . The fact that there is public interest , doesn't say much for us as the public .
The problem is that there always a large number of people who eat that kind of stuff up . It's so small . The fact that there is public interest , doesn't say much for us as the public . Have you ever listened to AM radio ? It's quite a different experience than the traditional news stations on TV and FM radio .
It's so small . The fact that there is public interest , doesn't say much for us as the public . Have you ever listened to AM radio ? It's quite a different experience than the traditional news stations on TV and FM radio . I don't remember the last time I listened to AM radio .
Come to think of it , you should get out your English books and catch up on your reading assignments . But I don't have any reading assignments . Then review for your test . You'll do even better . And maybe reading will help you get to sleep .
But I don't have any reading assignments . Then review for your test . You'll do even better . And maybe reading will help you get to sleep . Aw , Mom-you're such a drag .
What shall I call him ? Oh , you may call him Uncle , or Henry . What's he doing ?
What seems to the trouble Mr Brown ? I ' m in pretty bad shape , Doctor Ford . Oh , In what way .
I ' m in pretty bad shape , Doctor Ford . Oh , In what way . No appetite , always unaged and I can ' t sleep well .
Oh , In what way . No appetite , always unaged and I can ' t sleep well . Did you lose any weight ?
No appetite , always unaged and I can ' t sleep well . Did you lose any weight ? YES . I ' Ve lost quite a few pounds since last month .
Did you lose any weight ? YES . I ' Ve lost quite a few pounds since last month . when was the last time you have track up ?
YES . I ' Ve lost quite a few pounds since last month . when was the last time you have track up ? About two month ago .
when was the last time you have track up ? About two month ago . Let me take your blood pressure . You look anilic . Well , Mr . Brown . I ' m happy to say it ' s nothing serious . You just a little run down from overwork .
About two month ago . Let me take your blood pressure . You look anilic . Well , Mr . Brown . I ' m happy to say it ' s nothing serious . You just a little run down from overwork . What am I suppose to do ?
Let me take your blood pressure . You look anilic . Well , Mr . Brown . I ' m happy to say it ' s nothing serious . You just a little run down from overwork . What am I suppose to do ? I think you ' ll needs just vacation . Try to get out doors more . I ' ll be sure if you get more rest .
The restaurant across the street hired a new Chinese chef , so I ordered some Chinese food there for this evening . Good . I love Chinese food . What did you order ? Something hot and spicy . They look very inviting on the menu . You are going to love them .
Good . I love Chinese food . What did you order ? Something hot and spicy . They look very inviting on the menu . You are going to love them . Maybe we can find a place to learn some Chinese cooking . I hear there's a place in Chinatown where you can take some courses . Are you interested ?
Something hot and spicy . They look very inviting on the menu . You are going to love them . Maybe we can find a place to learn some Chinese cooking . I hear there's a place in Chinatown where you can take some courses . Are you interested ? I'm not sure . I don't enjoy cooking that much . As long as we can order it from a restaurant , we don't have to learn to do it by ourselves .
I'm a little rushed . Is there any quicker way to get there ? Yeah , of course . You can take a taxi . How much will that run me ?
Yeah , of course . You can take a taxi . How much will that run me ? It depends on traffic and distance , but it is reasonable .
How much will that run me ? It depends on traffic and distance , but it is reasonable . Do the drivers speak English ?
It depends on traffic and distance , but it is reasonable . Do the drivers speak English ? Some are better than others . But , you shouldn't have a problem .
Do the drivers speak English ? Some are better than others . But , you shouldn't have a problem . Are they safe ?
How can we develop a new brand image with no direction whatsoever ? With the fifty forwards he sent out today , maybe we'll inadvertently get inspired . I guess this is a good excuse to surf the Net on someone else's dime .
With the fifty forwards he sent out today , maybe we'll inadvertently get inspired . I guess this is a good excuse to surf the Net on someone else's dime . Who'd have thought Bean would be this kind of e-mail fanatic ?
Nice to see you , Patrick . Bob ! I hear your team won the match . Yeah . All of us tried our best .
Look at this newspaper article about this famous local medium . It says that she is really gifted and so popular now , that she is booked solid with appointments for the next twelve months ! You don't really believe in all that hocus pocus mumbo jumbo , do you ? Well , I have had many friends that went to a psychic and got their palms read and most of the things the psychic told her came true !
You don't really believe in all that hocus pocus mumbo jumbo , do you ? Well , I have had many friends that went to a psychic and got their palms read and most of the things the psychic told her came true ! Of course it does ! They tell you general and obvious things like that you will be successful or have a big house . I think most of the times they are just scam artists .
Well , I have had many friends that went to a psychic and got their palms read and most of the things the psychic told her came true ! Of course it does ! They tell you general and obvious things like that you will be successful or have a big house . I think most of the times they are just scam artists . Well , historically it is a practice that many cultures share . Reading the tarot cards , in the east they would even read tea leaves ! I even heard that there are people that make you smoke a cigar , and then read your ashes .
Are you ready to go shopping ? Not yet . I'm not finished with my research yet . What research ?
Not yet . I'm not finished with my research yet . What research ? Reading my fashion magazines ! How do you think I know so much about all the latest trends ?
What research ? Reading my fashion magazines ! How do you think I know so much about all the latest trends ? But they're just ads .
Could you please wait for a minute ? I'll buy the tickets All right . Here is your ticket .
All right . Here is your ticket . Thank you .
Here is your ticket . Thank you . The park will close soon . We Should better go in right now .
Thank you . The park will close soon . We Should better go in right now . Really ?
The park will close soon . We Should better go in right now . Really ? Yes , let's go in .
Really ? Yes , let's go in . It is a new park , isn't it ?
Yes , let's go in . It is a new park , isn't it ? Yes , how do you know ?
It is a new park , isn't it ? Yes , how do you know ? I guessed it .
Yes , how do you know ? I guessed it . Well , generally speaking , the park is a window on the world history , a window on the world civilization and a window on the world's tourist attractions as well .
Hi there , I want to reserve a hotel room . No problem at all . Could I have your full name , please ? Sure , John Sandals .
No problem at all . Could I have your full name , please ? Sure , John Sandals . Hi , Mr . Sandals . I'm Michelle , at your service . When do you need the room ?
Sure , John Sandals . Hi , Mr . Sandals . I'm Michelle , at your service . When do you need the room ? My plans are to be there April 14th to the 17th .
Hi , Mr . Sandals . I'm Michelle , at your service . When do you need the room ? My plans are to be there April 14th to the 17th . We have new room rates , sir . Will that be acceptable to you ?
My plans are to be there April 14th to the 17th . We have new room rates , sir . Will that be acceptable to you ? Well , it depends on the price , of course . What is it ?
We have new room rates , sir . Will that be acceptable to you ? Well , it depends on the price , of course . What is it ? It's $ 308 a night .
Well , it depends on the price , of course . What is it ? It's $ 308 a night . I have no problem with that .
It's $ 308 a night . I have no problem with that . Great ! Would you prefer smoking or nonsmoking ?
I have no problem with that . Great ! Would you prefer smoking or nonsmoking ? Definitely nonsmoking . I can't handle that smell .
Great ! Would you prefer smoking or nonsmoking ? Definitely nonsmoking . I can't handle that smell . Nonsmoking . Now , is a queen-size bed okay ?
Definitely nonsmoking . I can't handle that smell . Nonsmoking . Now , is a queen-size bed okay ? No problem .
Nonsmoking . Now , is a queen-size bed okay ? No problem . Great , Mr . Sandals . Your reservation is confirmed . Now all I need is your phone number .
No problem . Great , Mr . Sandals . Your reservation is confirmed . Now all I need is your phone number . Of course ! It's area code 626-555-1739 .
Did you watch the final last night ? My favorite singer won ! Oh , I love him too . He not only sings well but also shows perseverance when he encounters difficulties in the contest . Yeah , he got booted after his initial performance in the audition , but he did not give up . He then tried at another two auditions .
Oh , I love him too . He not only sings well but also shows perseverance when he encounters difficulties in the contest . Yeah , he got booted after his initial performance in the audition , but he did not give up . He then tried at another two auditions . He had barely survived the third audition and finally got a chance to advance in the contest . Fortunately , in the third audition , he has won popularity among the audience . And that's when I started to notice him .
Yeah , he got booted after his initial performance in the audition , but he did not give up . He then tried at another two auditions . He had barely survived the third audition and finally got a chance to advance in the contest . Fortunately , in the third audition , he has won popularity among the audience . And that's when I started to notice him . Me too .
He had barely survived the third audition and finally got a chance to advance in the contest . Fortunately , in the third audition , he has won popularity among the audience . And that's when I started to notice him . Me too . Before he made the top three , I was so nervous . I just fear that he might be knocked out .
Me too . Before he made the top three , I was so nervous . I just fear that he might be knocked out . Yeah , there're so many excellent candidates out there . Who knows which one will make it to the final ?
Before he made the top three , I was so nervous . I just fear that he might be knocked out . Yeah , there're so many excellent candidates out there . Who knows which one will make it to the final ? Absolutely . That's why when he entered the final , I was so excited .
Yeah , there're so many excellent candidates out there . Who knows which one will make it to the final ? Absolutely . That's why when he entered the final , I was so excited . He really did a great job in the finale , especially in the PK round . He performed so well that the majority of the audience cast their votes for him .
Would you like to take a look at the menu , sir ? Yes . Thank you . Would you care for a drink before you order ?
Yes . Thank you . Would you care for a drink before you order ? A glass of Qingdao beer .
Would you care for a drink before you order ? A glass of Qingdao beer . Yes , sir . I'll bring it over . Have you decided what you'd like , sir ?
Good morning . Are you Mr . Liu ? My name is Liu Lichi . How do you do ? How do you do ? Please be seated , How is your trip here ?
My name is Liu Lichi . How do you do ? How do you do ? Please be seated , How is your trip here ? Quite good , I think . I came here by bus , and it took me about 15 minutes .
How do you do ? Please be seated , How is your trip here ? Quite good , I think . I came here by bus , and it took me about 15 minutes . Oh , yes . How old are you ?
Quite good , I think . I came here by bus , and it took me about 15 minutes . Oh , yes . How old are you ? Twenty .
Oh , yes . How old are you ? Twenty . Hum , still a student ?
Twenty . Hum , still a student ? Yes , I'm student of grade 3 in the university majoring in economics .
Hum , still a student ? Yes , I'm student of grade 3 in the university majoring in economics . What subjects are you studying ?
Yes , I'm student of grade 3 in the university majoring in economics . What subjects are you studying ? English , math , commercial and legal studies , and accountancy .
What subjects are you studying ? English , math , commercial and legal studies , and accountancy . Have you had any working experience .
English , math , commercial and legal studies , and accountancy . Have you had any working experience . Well , I worked at a supermarket during last summer holidays .
Have you had any working experience . Well , I worked at a supermarket during last summer holidays . What do you like to do in your spare time ?
Well , I worked at a supermarket during last summer holidays . What do you like to do in your spare time ? I like sports very much . Besides that , I also like working on a computer in my spare time .
What do you like to do in your spare time ? I like sports very much . Besides that , I also like working on a computer in my spare time . How are your English and computer skills ?
I like sports very much . Besides that , I also like working on a computer in my spare time . How are your English and computer skills ? I have passed the CET - 4 and 6 . As far as computer is concerned I can use the computer for word processing .
This looks like a very nice house . You know , I fell in love with this house the first moment I laid eyes on it . The style of the exterior is just what I ' Ve been looking for !
You know , I fell in love with this house the first moment I laid eyes on it . The style of the exterior is just what I ' Ve been looking for ! The exterior is only half of the story . The interior is incredible .
The style of the exterior is just what I ' Ve been looking for ! The exterior is only half of the story . The interior is incredible . This home is gorgeous on the inside !
The exterior is only half of the story . The interior is incredible . This home is gorgeous on the inside ! Everything that you see on the walls , floors , and windows is brand new .
This home is gorgeous on the inside ! Everything that you see on the walls , floors , and windows is brand new . The wall colors totally suit the style of this house .
Everything that you see on the walls , floors , and windows is brand new . The wall colors totally suit the style of this house . Straight ahead is the gourmet kitchen .
The wall colors totally suit the style of this house . Straight ahead is the gourmet kitchen . I love the bamboo flooring and granite countertops .
Straight ahead is the gourmet kitchen . I love the bamboo flooring and granite countertops . The master suite is the best . Let ' s go look at that next .
I love the bamboo flooring and granite countertops . The master suite is the best . Let ' s go look at that next . There is plenty of room for our king-sized bed , and I love the light in this room .
Leo ! I wanted to tell you thanks for all your hard work on the budget . We ' re having a get-together after work tonight at Carl ' s Karaoke Club to celebrate having finished it . We ' d love to see What fun ! Normally I ' d love to , but I ' m afraid I have to work late tonight . We ' Ve got to get the contract ready for Miss King . Oh , right . You ' re busy with that contract . Maybe you could join us later ?
What fun ! Normally I ' d love to , but I ' m afraid I have to work late tonight . We ' Ve got to get the contract ready for Miss King . Oh , right . You ' re busy with that contract . Maybe you could join us later ? Unfortunately , I just can ' t make it this time . I have to go straight home . It ' s my second wedding anniversary , and we ' re supposed to be having a big dinner Susan would kill me if I missed it .
Oh , right . You ' re busy with that contract . Maybe you could join us later ? Unfortunately , I just can ' t make it this time . I have to go straight home . It ' s my second wedding anniversary , and we ' re supposed to be having a big dinner Susan would kill me if I missed it . Happy anniversary ! Sorry you won ' t be there . Maybe some other time ?
What is your nationality ? I am Chinese by birth . Where is your domicile place ?
Tom , is Jenny crying ? Can you take he away from me ? I ' m just coming for that .
Can you take he away from me ? I ' m just coming for that . She kept bothering me .
I ' m just coming for that . She kept bothering me . She ' s your sister . What she asked was only duck soup for you . Why can ' t you be good to her ?
Welcome to the company . We are conducting a survey of new employees to find out what influenced them to choose our company . That's easy . It was your office ergonomics that decided me . You're kidding ! Something as simple as that ?
That's easy . It was your office ergonomics that decided me . You're kidding ! Something as simple as that ? Yes . It is very important to me . My mother worked in offices for twenty years , and she finally had carpal tunnel syndrome . I have been reading about repetitive stress injuries , and I know that t
You're kidding ! Something as simple as that ? Yes . It is very important to me . My mother worked in offices for twenty years , and she finally had carpal tunnel syndrome . I have been reading about repetitive stress injuries , and I know that t Yes , there has been a lot of research into RSI's . Something so simple as proper chair height can prevent injuries . Tell me , did anything else influence your decision ?
Yes . It is very important to me . My mother worked in offices for twenty years , and she finally had carpal tunnel syndrome . I have been reading about repetitive stress injuries , and I know that t Yes , there has been a lot of research into RSI's . Something so simple as proper chair height can prevent injuries . Tell me , did anything else influence your decision ? Yes , I noticed that you have professional training and team-building days . I like the idea of working for a company that invests in its staff .
What did he say ? He said he would tell us the secret of becoming a successful man . It ' s too good to be true ! If I were there , I would ask him if he himself was a successful man .
Whew ! I had to wait for almost an hour to get to the front of the line . You have much patience . Wow ! Your calligraphy is very beautiful . It was worth the wait !
You have much patience . Wow ! Your calligraphy is very beautiful . It was worth the wait ! Thank you . Today I'm writing a kind of poem called a Chinese couplet .
Wow ! Your calligraphy is very beautiful . It was worth the wait ! Thank you . Today I'm writing a kind of poem called a Chinese couplet . What does it say ?
Thank you . Today I'm writing a kind of poem called a Chinese couplet . What does it say ? This is an especially famous one . It says " May the passing days bring you health and longevity . May this season of renewal find you basked in riches . "
What does it say ? This is an especially famous one . It says " May the passing days bring you health and longevity . May this season of renewal find you basked in riches . " That's very nice . Is it for sale ?
This is an especially famous one . It says " May the passing days bring you health and longevity . May this season of renewal find you basked in riches . " That's very nice . Is it for sale ? No . I never sell my artwork .
That's very nice . Is it for sale ? No . I never sell my artwork . Really ? Then what do you do with it ?
No . I never sell my artwork . Really ? Then what do you do with it ? I give it away . Here , this one is for you .
Really ? Then what do you do with it ? I give it away . Here , this one is for you . Wow ! Really ? Are you sure ? Now I'll have a lucky year !
How many pieces of luggage would you like to check in , sir ? Three bags and a suitcase . This is my luggage to check . Do you have any carry-on luggage ?
Three bags and a suitcase . This is my luggage to check . Do you have any carry-on luggage ? No .
Do you have any carry-on luggage ? No . Put your luggage on the scale , please . Oh , your luggage is overweight .
No . Put your luggage on the scale , please . Oh , your luggage is overweight . How much is the excess baggage part charge ?
Put your luggage on the scale , please . Oh , your luggage is overweight . How much is the excess baggage part charge ? Twenty-two dollars
How much is the excess baggage part charge ? Twenty-two dollars Here you are .
Twenty-two dollars Here you are . This is your voucher , and you can get your luggage back on this . Have a good trip !
Is that pesky lady coming to the office again ? Yeah , I'm afraid so . If there's one thing that bugs me , it's her critical attitude .
So , Monica , how do you like your new office ? Well , I love it . The room is spacious and clean with big windows and a lot of sunshine . There are plants along the corridor . Especially , I got my own desk with computer and telephone . Such a great place ! That ' s very good . I once turn down a job offer just because the office is awful .
Well , I love it . The room is spacious and clean with big windows and a lot of sunshine . There are plants along the corridor . Especially , I got my own desk with computer and telephone . Such a great place ! That ' s very good . I once turn down a job offer just because the office is awful . What was so bad about it ?
That ' s very good . I once turn down a job offer just because the office is awful . What was so bad about it ? Small rooms , small window , a small desk shared by three people . I would have been interrupted all the time and for sure not be able to deliver good work .
What was so bad about it ? Small rooms , small window , a small desk shared by three people . I would have been interrupted all the time and for sure not be able to deliver good work . Sounds bad ! Lucky you ! You didn ' t take that job . I think a good office environment is also important to work efficiently .
Room service , is there anything I can do for you ? Yes , I am afraid there are not enough outlets . Well , we have 6 for each room .
Yes , I am afraid there are not enough outlets . Well , we have 6 for each room . Yes , but 4 of them are broken . Can you send someone here ?
I wonder what he looks like . Oh , I can't wait to see him ! His email said he'd be wearing a white hat . oh , there he is . hey , Isabelle ... Logan ! Why on earth are you hiding here ? White hat ! Come on ! Don't tell me you're the guy ! It can't be true .
hey , Isabelle ... Logan ! Why on earth are you hiding here ? White hat ! Come on ! Don't tell me you're the guy ! It can't be true . yes , I am the guy ...
Logan ! Why on earth are you hiding here ? White hat ! Come on ! Don't tell me you're the guy ! It can't be true . yes , I am the guy ... what a bummer ! You set me up ?
Hello , Miao Li , Where are you going ? Hello , I am going to the store to buy some fruit . Oh , Would you do me a favor ?
Hello , I am going to the store to buy some fruit . Oh , Would you do me a favor ? Yes ?
Oh , Would you do me a favor ? Yes ? Please mail this letter for me on your way to the store .
Yes ? Please mail this letter for me on your way to the store . Sure . Do you want it to be registered ?
Please mail this letter for me on your way to the store . Sure . Do you want it to be registered ? Yes , I think so . There are some pictures in it . It would be a great pity if they were lost .
Sure . Do you want it to be registered ? Yes , I think so . There are some pictures in it . It would be a great pity if they were lost . Yes , I will be glad to mail your letter .
Yes , I think so . There are some pictures in it . It would be a great pity if they were lost . Yes , I will be glad to mail your letter . Thanks .
Have you any round-neck sweater ? Yes . Actually our range of sweaters is the most comprehensive available . Can I try this one on ?
Yes . Actually our range of sweaters is the most comprehensive available . Can I try this one on ? Sure , go ahead .
I'm sorry I'm so late . I had a really bad day . It's ten after six . We ' re late . But dinner is at six thirty . I know . I know . I'm really sorry . I lost my bag .
It's ten after six . We ' re late . But dinner is at six thirty . I know . I know . I'm really sorry . I lost my bag . I'll call the lost and found office .
Wow ! Your fruit looks really fresh ! How much are these apples ? The apples are 30NT each . How many would you like ? Let's see , 30NT is about ... almost a dollar US . What ? ! How about these pineapples ?
The apples are 30NT each . How many would you like ? Let's see , 30NT is about ... almost a dollar US . What ? ! How about these pineapples ? They're 250NT each , but they're not edible . They're only used for worship .
Let's see , 30NT is about ... almost a dollar US . What ? ! How about these pineapples ? They're 250NT each , but they're not edible . They're only used for worship . Hmm , 250NT is ... 8 dollars ? ! ! And you can't even eat them ? You're crazy !
They're 250NT each , but they're not edible . They're only used for worship . Hmm , 250NT is ... 8 dollars ? ! ! And you can't even eat them ? You're crazy ! Wait ! Don't go just yet . These bananas are pretty cheap--only 35NT for this bunch .
Hmm , 250NT is ... 8 dollars ? ! ! And you can't even eat them ? You're crazy ! Wait ! Don't go just yet . These bananas are pretty cheap--only 35NT for this bunch . Now that's more like it ! Bananas have lots of potassium , too !
Wait ! Don't go just yet . These bananas are pretty cheap--only 35NT for this bunch . Now that's more like it ! Bananas have lots of potassium , too ! They're also good for your digestion ! Would you like some kiwis , too ?
Now that's more like it ! Bananas have lots of potassium , too ! They're also good for your digestion ! Would you like some kiwis , too ? Are they from Taiwan ?
They're also good for your digestion ! Would you like some kiwis , too ? Are they from Taiwan ? They're imported from New Zealand . Four for 50NT . Nine for a hundred .
Jeff , look at this listing ! It says there is a cozy studio apartment for rent , and it's only $ 700 per month . What do you think ? Well I think I can afford that apartment . But are pets allowed ? Hmm ... let me look . Yes , it says it's a pet-friendly building .
Well I think I can afford that apartment . But are pets allowed ? Hmm ... let me look . Yes , it says it's a pet-friendly building . That's great . That means I can bring my cat , Mr . Twinkles . Where is the apartment located ?
Hello , this is Liu Juan speaking . Is that Mr . Brown ? No , this isn't . Could you please get him on the phone ?
Mr . Crandall , I ' m sorry , but I really don ' t see the value in doing this entire project over from scratch . It would take a lot of work . That ' s certainly true . But , that ' s what this job is all about , Maria . There's no doubt that this project is unacceptable . I agree . But I think that we can handle the problem by making a few major changes . I ' d appreciate it if you would give me a chance .
Good morning , can I help you ? I want to American breakfast with fried eggs sunny side up . What kind of juice do you prefer , sir ?
I want to American breakfast with fried eggs sunny side up . What kind of juice do you prefer , sir ? Breakfast juice and please make my coffee very strong .
What kind of juice do you prefer , sir ? Breakfast juice and please make my coffee very strong . Yes , sir . American breakfast with fried eggs sunny side up . Breakfast juice and black coffee . And my correct , sir ?
Breakfast juice and please make my coffee very strong . Yes , sir . American breakfast with fried eggs sunny side up . Breakfast juice and black coffee . And my correct , sir ? Yes , that ' s right .
Yes , sir . American breakfast with fried eggs sunny side up . Breakfast juice and black coffee . And my correct , sir ? Yes , that ' s right . Is there anything else , sir ?
Yes , that ' s right . Is there anything else , sir ? No , that ' s all .
Is there anything else , sir ? No , that ' s all . Good morning , sir . I ' Ve got breakfast your ordered .
No , that ' s all . Good morning , sir . I ' Ve got breakfast your ordered . Just put it on the table please .
Good morning , sir . I ' Ve got breakfast your ordered . Just put it on the table please . Do you need anything else , sir ?
Just put it on the table please . Do you need anything else , sir ? No , thanks . Oh , yes , could I have some juice for the mini bar ?
Do you need anything else , sir ? No , thanks . Oh , yes , could I have some juice for the mini bar ? What kind of juice do you like sir ?
No , thanks . Oh , yes , could I have some juice for the mini bar ? What kind of juice do you like sir ? Tomato or orange juice , please .
Boy , it looks like everyone in your family is here , from young to old . Easter's a good day for reunions . The family goes to church together . And after church they come here for lunch ?
Easter's a good day for reunions . The family goes to church together . And after church they come here for lunch ? Yup , a big potluck buffet . And then-notice there are no children around ?
And after church they come here for lunch ? Yup , a big potluck buffet . And then-notice there are no children around ? Yeah , what's up with that ?
How far do we have to go ? About 50 miles . The traffic is not very heavy on this high way , is it ? So I ' m sure we ' ll make it .
About 50 miles . The traffic is not very heavy on this high way , is it ? So I ' m sure we ' ll make it . No , but we ' Ve got a hurry . It will be the rush hour soon .
The traffic is not very heavy on this high way , is it ? So I ' m sure we ' ll make it . No , but we ' Ve got a hurry . It will be the rush hour soon . Don ' t worry . There ' s plenty of time yet .
No , but we ' Ve got a hurry . It will be the rush hour soon . Don ' t worry . There ' s plenty of time yet . But it ' s Friday today . This road is always jam packed during the weekend , isn ' t it ?
What's wrong with you ? I have a sore throat and headache . Do you feel tired ?
I have a sore throat and headache . Do you feel tired ? Yes , my whole body feels weak . And I really feel terrible .
Do you feel tired ? Yes , my whole body feels weak . And I really feel terrible . I'm sorry to hear that . I'll have to examine you .
Yes , my whole body feels weak . And I really feel terrible . I'm sorry to hear that . I'll have to examine you . Ok , go ahead .
Can you speak Japanese ? Yes , I can , but not very well . Where did you learn it ?
Yes , I can , but not very well . Where did you learn it ? At school . And I'm still learning it now .
Where did you learn it ? At school . And I'm still learning it now . How long have you been learning it ?
At school . And I'm still learning it now . How long have you been learning it ? About three years .
How long have you been learning it ? About three years . Can you speak any other languages ?
What can I help you with ? May I ask you something ? What's your question ?
May I ask you something ? What's your question ? How many hours behind the wheel do I need ?
What's your question ? How many hours behind the wheel do I need ? What do you need to take it for ?
How many hours behind the wheel do I need ? What do you need to take it for ? I'm trying to get my license .
What do you need to take it for ? I'm trying to get my license . You need six hours .
I'm trying to get my license . You need six hours . Can I do all six hours in one day ?
You need six hours . Can I do all six hours in one day ? You have to do it in three days .
Can I do all six hours in one day ? You have to do it in three days . That's all I have to do ?
You have to do it in three days . That's all I have to do ? That's everything .
Hello Mr Waterstone , what can I do for you today ? Hello , Becky . Well , you see , I have this thing here , called a Fixed Deposit Certificate , and I've just noticed the date on it . Oh , I see . You have two choices here you can either redeem or renew .
Hello , Becky . Well , you see , I have this thing here , called a Fixed Deposit Certificate , and I've just noticed the date on it . Oh , I see . You have two choices here you can either redeem or renew . I think I'll redeem , if that's not a problem .
Oh , I see . You have two choices here you can either redeem or renew . I think I'll redeem , if that's not a problem . No problem at all , Mr Waterstone . Any preference as to how you want the money ?
I think I'll redeem , if that's not a problem . No problem at all , Mr Waterstone . Any preference as to how you want the money ? Anything you like , but not too many large notes . It's useful to have smaller notes .
No problem at all , Mr Waterstone . Any preference as to how you want the money ? Anything you like , but not too many large notes . It's useful to have smaller notes . Here we go , Mr Waterstone . Here's your money and your interest note .
What can I show you ? Do you have this shirt in a small ? Let me check . Yes , we have .
Do you have this shirt in a small ? Let me check . Yes , we have . May I try it on ?
Hello . this is Susan . Hello , I ' m Mark . I ' m just wondering if you are free this weekend Yes , I think So .
Hello , I ' m Mark . I ' m just wondering if you are free this weekend Yes , I think So . Good . I was thinking that I ' d like to invite you to watch a movie . I can meet you at the cinema gate .
Yes , I think So . Good . I was thinking that I ' d like to invite you to watch a movie . I can meet you at the cinema gate . What ' s the time ?
Good . I was thinking that I ' d like to invite you to watch a movie . I can meet you at the cinema gate . What ' s the time ? Six thirty , tonight .
What ' s the time ? Six thirty , tonight . Oh , I ' m sorry I can ' t because I have to do some housework . You can ask Jenny to go with you
Six thirty , tonight . Oh , I ' m sorry I can ' t because I have to do some housework . You can ask Jenny to go with you All right . Maybe next time I can go with you . Bye !
Good day ! Welcome to Lincoln Bank , how may we assist you ? Hello . I need to find out if a Receipt of Proceeds has arrived . I'm from Felix Wasserman Associates . Thanks . Have you got the L / C number ?
Hello . I need to find out if a Receipt of Proceeds has arrived . I'm from Felix Wasserman Associates . Thanks . Have you got the L / C number ? It's NX567822100007 .
Thanks . Have you got the L / C number ? It's NX567822100007 . Hang on a tick and I'll check for you . I'm sorry ; we have no record of that arriving .
It's NX567822100007 . Hang on a tick and I'll check for you . I'm sorry ; we have no record of that arriving . OK , thanks for checking . Could you give me a ring when it arrives , please ?
Do you remember what the ratings of movies stand for ? Yes , G stands for General Audiences , PG means Parental Guidance suggested , R is restricted to audiences under 18 and X means explicit content . Does anyone pay any attention to those ratings anymore ?
Yes , G stands for General Audiences , PG means Parental Guidance suggested , R is restricted to audiences under 18 and X means explicit content . Does anyone pay any attention to those ratings anymore ? Remember when we were kids ? Theaters wouldn't let kids in to PG moves without a parent .
Does anyone pay any attention to those ratings anymore ? Remember when we were kids ? Theaters wouldn't let kids in to PG moves without a parent . I remember that I never saw an X moves even displayed .
Remember when we were kids ? Theaters wouldn't let kids in to PG moves without a parent . I remember that I never saw an X moves even displayed . Now with video rentals it's all a personal matter .
I remember that I never saw an X moves even displayed . Now with video rentals it's all a personal matter . Yea , I never see theaters turn people away for their age anymore either .
Excuse me , Mr . Emory ? Mr . Macmillan , would like to know if you have the completed schedule for next week ? Yes , I do , Susan . Just a moment . Here it is . Thank you , sir . Sorry to trouble you .
Oh , so many kinds of winter hats . What is your favorite color , miss ? Red .
What is your favorite color , miss ? Red . Here you are . It ' s very attractive .
Red . Here you are . It ' s very attractive . May I try it on ?
Here you are . It ' s very attractive . May I try it on ? Go ahead .
May I try it on ? Go ahead . Is there a mirror around here ?
Go ahead . Is there a mirror around here ? Right over there .
Is there a mirror around here ? Right over there . Does it suit me ?
Right over there . Does it suit me ? Yes , you look very nice .
Does it suit me ? Yes , you look very nice . How much is it ?
Yes , you look very nice . How much is it ? We're having a clearance sale . $ 4 plus tax .
How old is Keith ? He's 21 . How old is James ? He's a year older than Keith , but he looks younger .
He's 21 . How old is James ? He's a year older than Keith , but he looks younger . How's your father ?
He's a year older than Keith , but he looks younger . How's your father ? He's fine . He retired last week . It's a turning point in his life . Now he can relax and enjoy his retirement .
How's your father ? He's fine . He retired last week . It's a turning point in his life . Now he can relax and enjoy his retirement . He can spend more time with his grandchildren .
He's fine . He retired last week . It's a turning point in his life . Now he can relax and enjoy his retirement . He can spend more time with his grandchildren . Oh , I don't think he wants to . He wants to travel to several different countries around the world .
He can spend more time with his grandchildren . Oh , I don't think he wants to . He wants to travel to several different countries around the world . So , he wants to have a more active retirement . Good idea !
Oh , I don't think he wants to . He wants to travel to several different countries around the world . So , he wants to have a more active retirement . Good idea ! How do you want to spend your old age ?
What did you do today ? Played poker with my work friends . Did you win ?
John , I ' d like you to meet Charles Brown , our new manager at the airport . Yes , certainly . How can I recognize him ? He is short , well-built , and he ' s got light blond hair .
Yes , certainly . How can I recognize him ? He is short , well-built , and he ' s got light blond hair . Is there anything else ?
He is short , well-built , and he ' s got light blond hair . Is there anything else ? He has a mustache , if I remember correctly , and a light complexion .
Is there anything else ? He has a mustache , if I remember correctly , and a light complexion . How old is he ?
He has a mustache , if I remember correctly , and a light complexion . How old is he ? He is in his late thirties .
How old is he ? He is in his late thirties . Well . I shouldn ' t have any trouble recognizing him . What time does his flight arrive ?
What can I do for you today ? I would like to use a computer . Do you have your library card ?
I would like to use a computer . Do you have your library card ? I sure do .
Do you have your library card ? I sure do . There is a wait for the computers .
I sure do . There is a wait for the computers . That ' s all right .
There is a wait for the computers . That ' s all right . You need to print your name on this list .
That ' s all right . You need to print your name on this list . Okay . Now what ?
You need to print your name on this list . Okay . Now what ? Once a computer is available , I will let you know .
Okay . Now what ? Once a computer is available , I will let you know . How am I supposed to log on to the computer ?
Once a computer is available , I will let you know . How am I supposed to log on to the computer ? All you do is type in the number on the back of your card .
Good afternoon , sir . Have you made a reservation ? I am afraid not . Are there any vacant tables ? I don't think so . You have to wait for about 10 minutes .
How are you today ? Great , thanks . Can I help you ?
Great , thanks . Can I help you ? I would actually like to view the apartment for rent today .
Can I help you ? I would actually like to view the apartment for rent today . I ' m sorry , but you won ' t be able to view it today .
I would actually like to view the apartment for rent today . I ' m sorry , but you won ' t be able to view it today . Why not ?
I ' m sorry , but you won ' t be able to view it today . Why not ? You have to make an appointment first .
Why not ? You have to make an appointment first . Oh , okay . Can I do that right now ?
You have to make an appointment first . Oh , okay . Can I do that right now ? Is this Friday okay ?
Oh , okay . Can I do that right now ? Is this Friday okay ? Is 6 o ' clock Friday evening okay ?
Is this Friday okay ? Is 6 o ' clock Friday evening okay ? Yes , I will schedule you for that time .
What can I get for you today ? Could I get a hamburger , please ? Would you like cheese on that ?
Could I get a hamburger , please ? Would you like cheese on that ? No , thank you .
Would you like cheese on that ? No , thank you . Would you like a drink ?
No , thank you . Would you like a drink ? Let me have a soda .
Would you like a drink ? Let me have a soda . What kind of soda would you like ?
Let me have a soda . What kind of soda would you like ? May I have a Sprite , please ?
What kind of soda would you like ? May I have a Sprite , please ? Sure , no problem .
May I have a Sprite , please ? Sure , no problem . I would also like a bag of chips .
Sure , no problem . I would also like a bag of chips . Will that be all ?
How are you ? I ' m doing well . How may I help you ?
I ' m doing well . How may I help you ? Could you cancel a check for me ?
How may I help you ? Could you cancel a check for me ? What ' s the problem ?
Could you cancel a check for me ? What ' s the problem ? I wrote the check out for way too much .
What ' s the problem ? I wrote the check out for way too much . How much ?
I wrote the check out for way too much . How much ? I wrote the check out for $ 150 .
How much ? I wrote the check out for $ 150 . What were you supposed to write it out for ?
I wrote the check out for $ 150 . What were you supposed to write it out for ? I was supposed to write the check out for $ 100 .
What were you supposed to write it out for ? I was supposed to write the check out for $ 100 . I ' ll just cancel it for you right now .
Have you decided what you ' re going to do during your holiday ? Yes . I ' m going to travel around Europe . Wow , that sounds great ! Where are you going ?
Yes . I ' m going to travel around Europe . Wow , that sounds great ! Where are you going ? I think I will start off in Paris . Then I ' m going to take the train to Nice and then go on to Milan .
Wow , that sounds great ! Where are you going ? I think I will start off in Paris . Then I ' m going to take the train to Nice and then go on to Milan . Oh that will be lovely . You ' ll be able to do lots of shopping I expect .
I think I will start off in Paris . Then I ' m going to take the train to Nice and then go on to Milan . Oh that will be lovely . You ' ll be able to do lots of shopping I expect . Oh yes and try lots of new food too .
Oh that will be lovely . You ' ll be able to do lots of shopping I expect . Oh yes and try lots of new food too . Great . Make sure you buy me a souvenir !
I'm sorry , but I don't think this damage is our fault . What do you mean ? It looks like the shipping company did this .
Yesterday I had a quarrel with my roommate . I'm really fed up with all this . Tell me what seems to be the problem . My roommate always brings a lot of friends from off-campus . They stay in the room until midnight , singing and talking , drinking and playing cards while I have no place for study . I even don't have the quietness to sleep .
Please help yourself to whatever you like , don't be shy . Yes , thank you . I've already been helping myself . This dish taste terrific . Would you like to try a little ? It is a little hot , but very good .
Yes , thank you . I've already been helping myself . This dish taste terrific . Would you like to try a little ? It is a little hot , but very good . I like hot food , especially Sichuan cuisine .
This dish taste terrific . Would you like to try a little ? It is a little hot , but very good . I like hot food , especially Sichuan cuisine . Would you like another beer ?
I like hot food , especially Sichuan cuisine . Would you like another beer ? I'll have another cup of beer insist . I know I don't like to drink alone , especially there are someone sitting there next to me .
Would you like another beer ? I'll have another cup of beer insist . I know I don't like to drink alone , especially there are someone sitting there next to me . Come on , it's the weekend . Let's taste and enjoy this meal . Cheers !
What's wrong with you ? You look pale . I'm not sure , I feel hot and cold . When did the trouble start ?
I'm not sure , I feel hot and cold . When did the trouble start ? I was sick most of the night .
When did the trouble start ? I was sick most of the night . It sounds like you are coming down with the flu . Let me take your temperature .
I was sick most of the night . It sounds like you are coming down with the flu . Let me take your temperature . Have I got a high fever ?
It sounds like you are coming down with the flu . Let me take your temperature . Have I got a high fever ? Yes , thirty-eight point seven . Do you have a headache , chest or throat pain ?
Have I got a high fever ? Yes , thirty-eight point seven . Do you have a headache , chest or throat pain ? Yes , I have .
Yes , thirty-eight point seven . Do you have a headache , chest or throat pain ? Yes , I have . Now , let me have a look at you . I'd like to listen to your chest . Now breathe in , a deep breath , that's it Cough , now again . I want to examine your throat , too . Open wide , say ' Ah - - '
Yes , I have . Now , let me have a look at you . I'd like to listen to your chest . Now breathe in , a deep breath , that's it Cough , now again . I want to examine your throat , too . Open wide , say ' Ah - - ' Aaaaahh , aaaaahh .
Now , let me have a look at you . I'd like to listen to your chest . Now breathe in , a deep breath , that's it Cough , now again . I want to examine your throat , too . Open wide , say ' Ah - - ' Aaaaahh , aaaaahh . Yes , it does look a bit sore . Let's take an X-ray of your chest and give you a few tests .
Aaaaahh , aaaaahh . Yes , it does look a bit sore . Let's take an X-ray of your chest and give you a few tests . All right , thanks .
Yes , it does look a bit sore . Let's take an X-ray of your chest and give you a few tests . All right , thanks . The tests showed nothing wrong . A slight viral infection .
All right , thanks . The tests showed nothing wrong . A slight viral infection . What shall I do today ?
Good morning . what can I do for you ? I'm looking for some earrings for my wife as a wedding anniversary gift . You've come to the right store . We've got a beautiful and wide selection of earrings for you to choose from .
I'm looking for some earrings for my wife as a wedding anniversary gift . You've come to the right store . We've got a beautiful and wide selection of earrings for you to choose from . I saw a pair of earrings outside your window . Can you show them to me ?
You've come to the right store . We've got a beautiful and wide selection of earrings for you to choose from . I saw a pair of earrings outside your window . Can you show them to me ? Do you mean the exquisite pearl earrings ?
I saw a pair of earrings outside your window . Can you show them to me ? Do you mean the exquisite pearl earrings ? Exactly . How much do you want for them ?
Do you mean the exquisite pearl earrings ? Exactly . How much do you want for them ? They're only three thousand yuan .
Exactly . How much do you want for them ? They're only three thousand yuan . What is this setting made of ?
They're only three thousand yuan . What is this setting made of ? Well , it's specially made of a platinum alloy , sir , and the lustre will never fade out .
What is this setting made of ? Well , it's specially made of a platinum alloy , sir , and the lustre will never fade out . I'II take them . Please wrap them up tor me and give me the receipt .
You've heard of Bruce Jenner , haven't you ? He won the decathlon in the 1976 Olympics , right ? I read that he trained so much that he used to dream about jumping hurdles .
He won the decathlon in the 1976 Olympics , right ? I read that he trained so much that he used to dream about jumping hurdles . I can think of better things to dream about ...
I read that he trained so much that he used to dream about jumping hurdles . I can think of better things to dream about ... Sometimes he would wake up covered in sweat , with his legs pumping away .
How long have you been in England ? For almost two years . Almost two years ? Your English is very good .
hi , Bob , I am so glad that you came . of course I'd come . I couldn't think of a better chance to see all my old friends . yeah . It's hard to believe that it's been ten years since graduation . It feels just yesterday we collected our diplomas .
of course I'd come . I couldn't think of a better chance to see all my old friends . yeah . It's hard to believe that it's been ten years since graduation . It feels just yesterday we collected our diplomas . how time flies . But hey , how are things going with you ?
yeah . It's hard to believe that it's been ten years since graduation . It feels just yesterday we collected our diplomas . how time flies . But hey , how are things going with you ? oh , where to start ? There have been ups and downs . I'm still trying to find my place in this world . It's only recently that I've been able to start settling down . How about you ? You still with Jenn
how time flies . But hey , how are things going with you ? oh , where to start ? There have been ups and downs . I'm still trying to find my place in this world . It's only recently that I've been able to start settling down . How about you ? You still with Jenn yeah , Jenny and I got married right after graduation . It was tough the first years trying to make ends meet . I was supporting us both while she continued her studies . But now things are getting better
oh , where to start ? There have been ups and downs . I'm still trying to find my place in this world . It's only recently that I've been able to start settling down . How about you ? You still with Jenn yeah , Jenny and I got married right after graduation . It was tough the first years trying to make ends meet . I was supporting us both while she continued her studies . But now things are getting better oh , that sounds wonderful . I have always known you two would make it . I hope I can keep in better contact with you guys . I don't want us to drift apart again .
yeah , Jenny and I got married right after graduation . It was tough the first years trying to make ends meet . I was supporting us both while she continued her studies . But now things are getting better oh , that sounds wonderful . I have always known you two would make it . I hope I can keep in better contact with you guys . I don't want us to drift apart again . definitely ! Actually , we just moved into a new place . There's a house-warming party this Saturday , if you are free ? I know Jenny would love to see you again and it should be a good party .
Hello . Good morning , Ruth . Did I wake you up ? No , I was just about to get up . What's up , Carl ?
Good morning , Ruth . Did I wake you up ? No , I was just about to get up . What's up , Carl ? Listen , I am calling to confirm what you said yesterday . Are we supposed to meet at the Chinatown terminal of the Avenue B bus or D bus ?
No , I was just about to get up . What's up , Carl ? Listen , I am calling to confirm what you said yesterday . Are we supposed to meet at the Chinatown terminal of the Avenue B bus or D bus ? B as in boy . You should get off at the last stop in Chinatown .
Listen , I am calling to confirm what you said yesterday . Are we supposed to meet at the Chinatown terminal of the Avenue B bus or D bus ? B as in boy . You should get off at the last stop in Chinatown . Oh , you mean Canal Street ?
B as in boy . You should get off at the last stop in Chinatown . Oh , you mean Canal Street ? That's the wrong direction . Canal Street is on the other side of Chinatown .
Oh , you mean Canal Street ? That's the wrong direction . Canal Street is on the other side of Chinatown . Oh , I get it . When did we decide to meet ?
That's the wrong direction . Canal Street is on the other side of Chinatown . Oh , I get it . When did we decide to meet ? At 10,45 . Is Ann coming along ?
Oh , I get it . When did we decide to meet ? At 10,45 . Is Ann coming along ? I cannot get hold of her yet .
At 10,45 . Is Ann coming along ? I cannot get hold of her yet . See you around , Carl .
I'm too tired now . I've already worked for 12 hours overtime ! God ! Don't you think they should get you an assistant ? Yes , they were supposed to , but so far nobody's turned up , and I have to do the work alone . This is the first break I've had all day .
God ! Don't you think they should get you an assistant ? Yes , they were supposed to , but so far nobody's turned up , and I have to do the work alone . This is the first break I've had all day . They're really running you into the ground . Why don't you ask for some time off ? You could take a long weekend and have a good rest .
Yes , they were supposed to , but so far nobody's turned up , and I have to do the work alone . This is the first break I've had all day . They're really running you into the ground . Why don't you ask for some time off ? You could take a long weekend and have a good rest . I'm afraid I can't before I finish this project .
They're really running you into the ground . Why don't you ask for some time off ? You could take a long weekend and have a good rest . I'm afraid I can't before I finish this project . You'd better pay more attention to your health .
I'm afraid I can't before I finish this project . You'd better pay more attention to your health . I will , thanks for your concern .
I think it's time for me to meet my admirer and make him face the music . You do ? How are you going to contact him ? I'm leaving him a message taped to my computer screen .
You do ? How are you going to contact him ? I'm leaving him a message taped to my computer screen . What does it say ? Do you think he'll see it ?
I'm leaving him a message taped to my computer screen . What does it say ? Do you think he'll see it ? He'll see it . It says , I like sweets . Meet me at two thirty in the parking lot .
What does it say ? Do you think he'll see it ? He'll see it . It says , I like sweets . Meet me at two thirty in the parking lot . Can I spy on you guys from the window ?
I find it really hard to express myself in class . I have lots of ideas , but they never seem to come out of my mouth . let me give you a little advice . You know what the topics are going to be , so prepares what you would like to say in advance . I often do , but I ' m worried about the responses from other people .
let me give you a little advice . You know what the topics are going to be , so prepares what you would like to say in advance . I often do , but I ' m worried about the responses from other people . you have to be realistic . Not everyone is going to agree with you , but people will respect your opinion and they will respect the fact that you have contributed something to the discussion .
I often do , but I ' m worried about the responses from other people . you have to be realistic . Not everyone is going to agree with you , but people will respect your opinion and they will respect the fact that you have contributed something to the discussion . I ' m worried that what I say will not make sense .
you have to be realistic . Not everyone is going to agree with you , but people will respect your opinion and they will respect the fact that you have contributed something to the discussion . I ' m worried that what I say will not make sense . we could chat about the topic before class . I could check that what you want to say is logical and it would also give you a chance to practice speaking .
I ' m worried that what I say will not make sense . we could chat about the topic before class . I could check that what you want to say is logical and it would also give you a chance to practice speaking . that ' s a good idea . What should I do if I am in two minds about a topic ?
we could chat about the topic before class . I could check that what you want to say is logical and it would also give you a chance to practice speaking . that ' s a good idea . What should I do if I am in two minds about a topic ? that ' s easy . Express possibilities . People will think that you are pretty smart to be able to look at the topic from more than one angle .
that ' s a good idea . What should I do if I am in two minds about a topic ? that ' s easy . Express possibilities . People will think that you are pretty smart to be able to look at the topic from more than one angle . I didn ' t realize that speaking in class could be so easy .
I have to get to Chicago by tomorrow and you're telling me that there are no flights ? I'm very sorry , sir . I could put you on a waiting list , but you would be wise to check out other means of travel . You mean like a bus ? Have you ever traveled for ten hours on a bus before ?
I'm very sorry , sir . I could put you on a waiting list , but you would be wise to check out other means of travel . You mean like a bus ? Have you ever traveled for ten hours on a bus before ? I have not sir . But I do have a number for a very comfortable bus that goes to Chicago every hour from here .
You mean like a bus ? Have you ever traveled for ten hours on a bus before ? I have not sir . But I do have a number for a very comfortable bus that goes to Chicago every hour from here . Alright , give me the number . But put me on that waiting list as well .
I have not sir . But I do have a number for a very comfortable bus that goes to Chicago every hour from here . Alright , give me the number . But put me on that waiting list as well . Here is the number , and your name is on the waiting list .
Alright , give me the number . But put me on that waiting list as well . Here is the number , and your name is on the waiting list . How many people are on the waiting list right now ?
Good afternoon ! Good afternoon ! Sit down , please . How are you ? I'm very well , thank you . How are you ?
Good afternoon ! Sit down , please . How are you ? I'm very well , thank you . How are you ? Very well too , thank you very much . Isn ' t it a lovely day ?
I'm very well , thank you . How are you ? Very well too , thank you very much . Isn ' t it a lovely day ? Yes , it's beautiful , but it's also very hot .
Very well too , thank you very much . Isn ' t it a lovely day ? Yes , it's beautiful , but it's also very hot . Yes .
Yes , it's beautiful , but it's also very hot . Yes . What's the weather like in your country ?
Yes . What's the weather like in your country ? Mm ... It's quite warm now .
What's the weather like in your country ? Mm ... It's quite warm now . Where do you live ?
Mm ... It's quite warm now . Where do you live ? In London . Where do you live ?
Shall we visit the Summer Palace tomorrow ? Good . I don't want to leave Beijing without visiting it . How far is it from our hotel ?
Good . I don't want to leave Beijing without visiting it . How far is it from our hotel ? It's about 5 kilometers .
How far is it from our hotel ? It's about 5 kilometers . If we start early , do we have some time for Yuanmingyuan ?
Actually I have a passion for Chinese literature . You do ? Yeah , those classics from the great writers .
Hi , could we have two orange juice smoothies ? Would you like those with yogurt ? Sure , why not ?
Would you like those with yogurt ? Sure , why not ? What else would you like to add ? We highly recommend caterpillar fungus .
Sure , why not ? What else would you like to add ? We highly recommend caterpillar fungus . Caterpillar fungus ? ! What the heck is that ?
Did you get Bean's ten different good luck forwards , like that one from the Dalai Lama ? Yeah , I deleted all that superstitious crap . What a waste of bandwidth ! I figured I might as well send one or two of them out . Maybe my luck will get better .
Yeah , I deleted all that superstitious crap . What a waste of bandwidth ! I figured I might as well send one or two of them out . Maybe my luck will get better . Do you really think the Dalai Lama sent that ? I'm tired of all these forwards .
It's time for bed . But I'm not sleepy , Mum . Can I stay and watch more TV ? It's already half past eleven . You have school tomorrow . You'll sleepy all tomorrow , if you don't sleep well tonight .
But I'm not sleepy , Mum . Can I stay and watch more TV ? It's already half past eleven . You have school tomorrow . You'll sleepy all tomorrow , if you don't sleep well tonight . I know . But I promise I won't be sleepy tomorrow . I work really hard .
It's already half past eleven . You have school tomorrow . You'll sleepy all tomorrow , if you don't sleep well tonight . I know . But I promise I won't be sleepy tomorrow . I work really hard . Don't you have the exams coming up soon ? I'm sure you could spend more time preparing for those .
I know . But I promise I won't be sleepy tomorrow . I work really hard . Don't you have the exams coming up soon ? I'm sure you could spend more time preparing for those . Oh , I nearly forgot the exams .
Don't you have the exams coming up soon ? I'm sure you could spend more time preparing for those . Oh , I nearly forgot the exams . You do well in maths , but your history is not good enough . Am I right ?
Oh , I nearly forgot the exams . You do well in maths , but your history is not good enough . Am I right ? Yeah , I guess so . Maybe I can go to sleep now and get up early to review the lessons tomorrow .
You do well in maths , but your history is not good enough . Am I right ? Yeah , I guess so . Maybe I can go to sleep now and get up early to review the lessons tomorrow . An excellent idea . Work now and play later .
Yeah , I guess so . Maybe I can go to sleep now and get up early to review the lessons tomorrow . An excellent idea . Work now and play later . I know you're right . School is more important than TV . Can I watch one more show , then go to bed .
Excuse me , is this the baggage claim area from KL17 ? Yes , can I help you ? Well , this is my baggage claim tag . Can you get my baggage now ?
Yes , can I help you ? Well , this is my baggage claim tag . Can you get my baggage now ? OK , here you are .
Now , what seems to be the trouble ? It's nothing serious . But I always have a headache , and I haven't slept properly for several weeks . I've also lost appetite and my eyes are burning . Mm , you do look rather pale . Let me take your temperature . Would you put the thermometer under your arm , please ? Now , let me listen to your pulse . Mm , do you feel weak ?
It's nothing serious . But I always have a headache , and I haven't slept properly for several weeks . I've also lost appetite and my eyes are burning . Mm , you do look rather pale . Let me take your temperature . Would you put the thermometer under your arm , please ? Now , let me listen to your pulse . Mm , do you feel weak ? Yes , I never seem to have any energy .
Mm , you do look rather pale . Let me take your temperature . Would you put the thermometer under your arm , please ? Now , let me listen to your pulse . Mm , do you feel weak ? Yes , I never seem to have any energy . I'll give you a blood test . Would you roll up your sleeve ? Just as I thought . You're anemic . You'd better pay more attention to your diet . Eat plenty of fresh fruit and vegetables and food high in protein . And don't stay up late working . Try to get more rest .
Hello , thank you for calling Bradford and Sons . This is Tracy speaking , How may I help you ? Hello . I would like to speak to your director of human resources , Ms . Jenkins , Please . Just a moment . I'll check to see if she is at her desk . May I tell her who is calling ?
Hello . I would like to speak to your director of human resources , Ms . Jenkins , Please . Just a moment . I'll check to see if she is at her desk . May I tell her who is calling ? This is Bill Burton from Milford Insurance , I'm calling in regards to our meeting next Tuesday .
Just a moment . I'll check to see if she is at her desk . May I tell her who is calling ? This is Bill Burton from Milford Insurance , I'm calling in regards to our meeting next Tuesday . Thank you , Mr . Burton . Can you please hold for a moment ? I'll check to see if she is available .
This is Bill Burton from Milford Insurance , I'm calling in regards to our meeting next Tuesday . Thank you , Mr . Burton . Can you please hold for a moment ? I'll check to see if she is available . No problem .
We've managed to reduce our energy consumption in our factory by about 15 per cent in the last two years . That's excellent . How have you managed that ? Mainly because we've invested in a heat recovery system .
That's excellent . How have you managed that ? Mainly because we've invested in a heat recovery system . What does that mean exactly ?
Mainly because we've invested in a heat recovery system . What does that mean exactly ? Well , we use the exhaust gases from our printing presses to provide energy to heat our dryers .
What does that mean exactly ? Well , we use the exhaust gases from our printing presses to provide energy to heat our dryers . What other sources of energy do you use ?
Are you going to vote ? Of course ! Are you ? I plan to , but what day is the election ?
Of course ! Are you ? I plan to , but what day is the election ? You should know that .
I plan to , but what day is the election ? You should know that . Can you just tell me ?
You should know that . Can you just tell me ? The election is this Tuesday .
Can you just tell me ? The election is this Tuesday . Are you serious ?
The election is this Tuesday . Are you serious ? I ' m not kidding .
Are you serious ? I ' m not kidding . It ' s a good thing I asked you .
I ' m not kidding . It ' s a good thing I asked you . That should ' Ve been something you knew already .
It ' s a good thing I asked you . That should ' Ve been something you knew already . I couldn ' t remember .
hi , Lander . What's wrong ? I can hardly make ends meet these days . same here . I have't brought any new clothes for three months .
I can hardly make ends meet these days . same here . I have't brought any new clothes for three months . my income remains the same but prices just continue to rise .
same here . I have't brought any new clothes for three months . my income remains the same but prices just continue to rise . true . The news says that there is a general increase in the price of daily necessities .
my income remains the same but prices just continue to rise . true . The news says that there is a general increase in the price of daily necessities . definitely . I have to spend 300 yuan more on food every month .
true . The news says that there is a general increase in the price of daily necessities . definitely . I have to spend 300 yuan more on food every month . the biggest price jump is for pork , so most people have to turn to chicken .
definitely . I have to spend 300 yuan more on food every month . the biggest price jump is for pork , so most people have to turn to chicken . is that inflation ?
the biggest price jump is for pork , so most people have to turn to chicken . is that inflation ? inflation is more than just the rising prices , I guess . But the central bank is warning about the risk of inflation .
is that inflation ? inflation is more than just the rising prices , I guess . But the central bank is warning about the risk of inflation . has the government taken some measures to curb it ?
inflation is more than just the rising prices , I guess . But the central bank is warning about the risk of inflation . has the government taken some measures to curb it ? yes . The government has banned price hikes in some key industries like energy .
has the government taken some measures to curb it ? yes . The government has banned price hikes in some key industries like energy . but I'm afraid the price hikes will spill over from food into other areas of the economy .
yes . The government has banned price hikes in some key industries like energy . but I'm afraid the price hikes will spill over from food into other areas of the economy . you said it . I think we should tighten our budget and cut our spending .
but I'm afraid the price hikes will spill over from food into other areas of the economy . you said it . I think we should tighten our budget and cut our spending . how ?
you said it . I think we should tighten our budget and cut our spending . how ? for a start , we can take the public transport to work . You know , running a car is a big expense .
Dave , there's something I want to talk to you about . Zina , why are you whispering ? I've been talking to WebTracker . I'm thinking of jumping ship .
Zina , why are you whispering ? I've been talking to WebTracker . I'm thinking of jumping ship . What ? Are you serious ? You'd defect to our archrival ! ?
I've been talking to WebTracker . I'm thinking of jumping ship . What ? Are you serious ? You'd defect to our archrival ! ? Keep your voice down . We'll talk more later . Right now I need to see Vince .
What ? Are you serious ? You'd defect to our archrival ! ? Keep your voice down . We'll talk more later . Right now I need to see Vince . We definitely have to talk , Zina . And watch your back . Elvin is still mad about his nose .
Are there any beds vacant ? Yes , what kind of room do you want ? I prefer one facing the sea . Besides , it should have a shower .
Yes , what kind of room do you want ? I prefer one facing the sea . Besides , it should have a shower . Sorry , right now we can only have you a room without shower .
Hey . Why did you take that money ? You are such a cheater ! I should send you to jail ! I am not cheating . When you pass go , you collect $ 200 , Everyone knows that ! Well you can ' t just take the money . You have to ask the bank for money . And I ' m the banker .
I am not cheating . When you pass go , you collect $ 200 , Everyone knows that ! Well you can ' t just take the money . You have to ask the bank for money . And I ' m the banker . Banker ?
Well you can ' t just take the money . You have to ask the bank for money . And I ' m the banker . Banker ? Yes ...
Banker ? Yes ... Can I have my $ 200 please ?
A :: Mr Clinton , it's nice to see you again . Nice to see you again , too . Peter . How's your family ? A :: Very well . How's Mrs Clinton ?
Please tell me something about your insurance background . I majored in international banking at college so I took many insurance courses . And I worked at an insurance company for my graduation field work . Why do you want to be an insurance agent ?
I majored in international banking at college so I took many insurance courses . And I worked at an insurance company for my graduation field work . Why do you want to be an insurance agent ? I care about people and I know the importance of insurance .
Why do you want to be an insurance agent ? I care about people and I know the importance of insurance . Do you have any work experience in promotion ?
I care about people and I know the importance of insurance . Do you have any work experience in promotion ? Yes , I do . I have worked as a salesman for P & G Company Ltd .
Do you have any work experience in promotion ? Yes , I do . I have worked as a salesman for P & G Company Ltd . Do people respond well to you ?
I do want to meet with you and take a look at your catalogue . We ' re redecorating and are going to add some things . Well , I ' ll be glad to help you out . I can come out anytime on Tuesday or Thursday of next week . Let ' s put it down for 1:15 on Thursday . We ' ll definitely need some new filing cabinets and at least one desk unit .
Excuse me , sir . Is there a barber near here ? Yes , the nearest one is at the third cross of this road . I'm a stranger here . How can I get there , please ?
Yes , the nearest one is at the third cross of this road . I'm a stranger here . How can I get there , please ? Just walk down the road for a few minutes , and you'll find it on your right .
You look upset , anything wrong ? I'm going to quit the job . Why ?
I'm going to quit the job . Why ? The task is tough .
Why ? The task is tough . You'd look before you leap .
Do you sometimes feel overwhelmed by your work ? Of course ! It is the No . 1 stressor in my life . You know job stress has become a very common problem these days . So we must learn to cope with it . Totally agree . What is your solution ?
Of course ! It is the No . 1 stressor in my life . You know job stress has become a very common problem these days . So we must learn to cope with it . Totally agree . What is your solution ? Well , there are two causes of job stress . One is employee characteristic and the other is company condition . So if we want to manage job stress , both we and the companies should do something . For me , I am trying to balance work and leisure time . You know , all work and no play make Jack a dull boy .
Totally agree . What is your solution ? Well , there are two causes of job stress . One is employee characteristic and the other is company condition . So if we want to manage job stress , both we and the companies should do something . For me , I am trying to balance work and leisure time . You know , all work and no play make Jack a dull boy . You seem to have a very relaxed outlook .
Well , there are two causes of job stress . One is employee characteristic and the other is company condition . So if we want to manage job stress , both we and the companies should do something . For me , I am trying to balance work and leisure time . You know , all work and no play make Jack a dull boy . You seem to have a very relaxed outlook . It is necessary . Positive attitude helps to prevent stress .
You seem to have a very relaxed outlook . It is necessary . Positive attitude helps to prevent stress . But I don ' t think we can change our working condition . Anyway , we are not the bosses .
Good afternoon ! Can I help you ? Could you show me where the Chinesc-style clothing is located ? I want to buy a silk coat . This way , please . Here they are . They're all handmade .
Could you show me where the Chinesc-style clothing is located ? I want to buy a silk coat . This way , please . Here they are . They're all handmade . Oh , they look nice . May I try that black one on ?
This way , please . Here they are . They're all handmade . Oh , they look nice . May I try that black one on ? Of course . The fitting room is right over there .
Oh , they look nice . May I try that black one on ? Of course . The fitting room is right over there . Do you have a medium in the same color ? This one is a little tight .
Of course . The fitting room is right over there . Do you have a medium in the same color ? This one is a little tight . l'm sorry . All the black of that size are sold out . Would you like a red one ?
Do you have a medium in the same color ? This one is a little tight . l'm sorry . All the black of that size are sold out . Would you like a red one ? OK . Let me try it on . What do you think ?
l'm sorry . All the black of that size are sold out . Would you like a red one ? OK . Let me try it on . What do you think ? Oh , that suits you very well . Besides it is believed in China that the red color brings happiness and good luck .
OK . Let me try it on . What do you think ? Oh , that suits you very well . Besides it is believed in China that the red color brings happiness and good luck . Really ? I'II take it and I'm leaving here tomorrow . Is it possible for you to send one in black to me by mail when you get it in ?
Oh , that suits you very well . Besides it is believed in China that the red color brings happiness and good luck . Really ? I'II take it and I'm leaving here tomorrow . Is it possible for you to send one in black to me by mail when you get it in ? Our pleasure . Please fill out this form , leaving your address and telephone number .
Really ? I'II take it and I'm leaving here tomorrow . Is it possible for you to send one in black to me by mail when you get it in ? Our pleasure . Please fill out this form , leaving your address and telephone number . Thanks . How much would that come to ?
Sun-set hotel . May I help you ? Yes , I have booked a room for 24th . It's a double room . Hold on , please . Let me check it for you . Yes , you're right . You will keep it for 3 days .
Yes , I have booked a room for 24th . It's a double room . Hold on , please . Let me check it for you . Yes , you're right . You will keep it for 3 days . Well , now I want to change the date from 24th to 28th .
I'm sorry , but I can't find the book you lent me . Oh , that's all right . I must apologize . I'll buy you a new one tomorrow .
I need help using the washer and dryer . Tell me what the problem is . I can't figure out how to turn them on .
Tell me what the problem is . I can't figure out how to turn them on . Do you have some quarters ?
I can't figure out how to turn them on . Do you have some quarters ? I didn't know I needed change .
Do you have some quarters ? I didn't know I needed change . The washer costs 50 cents and the dryer costs a dollar .
I didn't know I needed change . The washer costs 50 cents and the dryer costs a dollar . Where do I put the change ?
The washer costs 50 cents and the dryer costs a dollar . Where do I put the change ? The quarters go into the slot . You have to push the slot in , and the machine will turn on .
Where do I put the change ? The quarters go into the slot . You have to push the slot in , and the machine will turn on . Is that everything that I have to do ?
The quarters go into the slot . You have to push the slot in , and the machine will turn on . Is that everything that I have to do ? That's all there is .
Is that everything that I have to do ? That's all there is . I appreciate you helping me with this .
Hello ? This is John Smith . Can I speak to Mr . White , please ? This is Mr . White speaking . Hi . I understand that you have a house for sale , haven ' t you ?
This is Mr . White speaking . Hi . I understand that you have a house for sale , haven ' t you ? Yes .
Hi . I understand that you have a house for sale , haven ' t you ? Yes . I ' d like to know more about it .
Yes . I ' d like to know more about it . Can you come to my office this afternoon at 3 o ' clock ?
I ' d like to know more about it . Can you come to my office this afternoon at 3 o ' clock ? OK . I will be there .
Can you come to my office this afternoon at 3 o ' clock ? OK . I will be there . Thank you for calling . Goodbye .
Can I help you ? Yes . I want to buy a pair of shoes . Have you a pattern in your mind ?
Yes . I want to buy a pair of shoes . Have you a pattern in your mind ? Well , maybe sneakers or rubber shoes .
Have you a pattern in your mind ? Well , maybe sneakers or rubber shoes . Is there any special brand you would like ?
I think Yoga might be suitable for me . Why ? Because it doesn't require a lot of energy and thus easy to keep up .
Why ? Because it doesn't require a lot of energy and thus easy to keep up . But I see people sweat a lot doing Yoga too .
Because it doesn't require a lot of energy and thus easy to keep up . But I see people sweat a lot doing Yoga too . I don't know . I just need to try it once . I'm in urgent need of some exercise to lose some weight .
Hello , Daisy , how are you doing ? Fine , thank you . I haven ' t seen you for quite some time . What have you been up to recently ? I have been spending a lot of time watching movies at home , so you wouldn't have seen me . Recently , I've been obsessed with horror films .
Fine , thank you . I haven ' t seen you for quite some time . What have you been up to recently ? I have been spending a lot of time watching movies at home , so you wouldn't have seen me . Recently , I've been obsessed with horror films . Oh , how can you be infatuated with horror films ? They're so scary .
I have been spending a lot of time watching movies at home , so you wouldn't have seen me . Recently , I've been obsessed with horror films . Oh , how can you be infatuated with horror films ? They're so scary . Yeah , you are right I used to not watch horror films , but after seeing Silence of the Lamb with Mike last month , I fell in love with them .
Oh , how can you be infatuated with horror films ? They're so scary . Yeah , you are right I used to not watch horror films , but after seeing Silence of the Lamb with Mike last month , I fell in love with them . It's amazing . But if I were you , I wouldn't have the courage to watch the first one .
Yeah , you are right I used to not watch horror films , but after seeing Silence of the Lamb with Mike last month , I fell in love with them . It's amazing . But if I were you , I wouldn't have the courage to watch the first one . But it's really exciting .
It's amazing . But if I were you , I wouldn't have the courage to watch the first one . But it's really exciting . Maybe , but I would rather watch romance , science fiction , crime or even disaster movie instead of a horror picture . I wouldn't dare sleep at night after watching one .
But it's really exciting . Maybe , but I would rather watch romance , science fiction , crime or even disaster movie instead of a horror picture . I wouldn't dare sleep at night after watching one . Basically . you'll watch any type of movie except horror .
Maybe , but I would rather watch romance , science fiction , crime or even disaster movie instead of a horror picture . I wouldn't dare sleep at night after watching one . Basically . you'll watch any type of movie except horror . Yep .
Basically . you'll watch any type of movie except horror . Yep . I think you should have a try someday . Maybe you'll change your mind .
They ' ll do the operation for you this Friday . But Saturday is my birthday . I think it ' s important to do now . We can have a birthday party for you when you come out of the hospital .
But Saturday is my birthday . I think it ' s important to do now . We can have a birthday party for you when you come out of the hospital . But it won ' t be on my birthday .
Wei ! This is a first-you didn't bargain ! Bargain ? I'd feel way too guilty . But you could have saved money .
Bargain ? I'd feel way too guilty . But you could have saved money . From a sweet ma ? ! It's not worth it . Plus , I'd happily pay more for these things I bought !
But you could have saved money . From a sweet ma ? ! It's not worth it . Plus , I'd happily pay more for these things I bought ! F . Y . I . , there is a flea market nearby , but maybe you're done ...
How long will you stay in New York ? Just tor three days . I won't need these luggages . CouId I put them here ? I am sorry . If you have here more than 24 hours between connecting flights , we can't check your luggage through London .
Just tor three days . I won't need these luggages . CouId I put them here ? I am sorry . If you have here more than 24 hours between connecting flights , we can't check your luggage through London . Well , maybe I can put them in the airport storage there .
What can I do for you ? I'd like to buy some milk powder . What would you recommend ? We have many kinds of different purpose . I wonder whom you are buying for ?
I'd like to buy some milk powder . What would you recommend ? We have many kinds of different purpose . I wonder whom you are buying for ? My son . He is two years old .
We have many kinds of different purpose . I wonder whom you are buying for ? My son . He is two years old . I see , sir . This one is very good .
My son . He is two years old . I see , sir . This one is very good . Is it ?
I see , sir . This one is very good . Is it ? You may rest assured . It sells well .
Is it ? You may rest assured . It sells well . May I have a look at the introduction ?
Good morning , may I speak with Professor Clark , please ? You are speaking with Professor Clark . Professor , I am Kalina from your morning literature class .
You are speaking with Professor Clark . Professor , I am Kalina from your morning literature class . Yes , how can I help you ?
Professor , I am Kalina from your morning literature class . Yes , how can I help you ? I ran my car into a tree yesterday and need to miss a few days of school .
Yes , how can I help you ? I ran my car into a tree yesterday and need to miss a few days of school . Oh , my God ! I hope you are all right .
I ran my car into a tree yesterday and need to miss a few days of school . Oh , my God ! I hope you are all right . I have a concussion , but I will be OK .
Oh , my God ! I hope you are all right . I have a concussion , but I will be OK . How much school will you miss ?
I have a concussion , but I will be OK . How much school will you miss ? I only need to take this week off .
Susan is going to get a divorce . How do you know that ? She told me that Peter and she has a quarrel last nigh , and she left this morning , bag and baggage .
It's said that John's broken up . Really ? But his wife has always waited on him hand and foot . I hear that John's leading a double wife .
Look ! I bought these shoes only three weeks ago and there is a hole in them already . If that happen to me , I ' ll take them back to the shop . I did . But they said they won ' t change them .
What a nice day ! yes . How about going out and enjoying the sunshine on the grass ? great , let's go !
yes . How about going out and enjoying the sunshine on the grass ? great , let's go ! hey , darling , I think I might have a little heatstroke from being in the sun all day . I was so relaxed . It felt as if I were in another world .
great , let's go ! hey , darling , I think I might have a little heatstroke from being in the sun all day . I was so relaxed . It felt as if I were in another world . exactly . You know , the sunshine and wind remind me of our honeymoon . You remember ? The island , the sound of the waves , the salty sea air and the sunshine ...
hey , darling , I think I might have a little heatstroke from being in the sun all day . I was so relaxed . It felt as if I were in another world . exactly . You know , the sunshine and wind remind me of our honeymoon . You remember ? The island , the sound of the waves , the salty sea air and the sunshine ... yes , it was wonderful but it's already been a year . How time flies !
exactly . You know , the sunshine and wind remind me of our honeymoon . You remember ? The island , the sound of the waves , the salty sea air and the sunshine ... yes , it was wonderful but it's already been a year . How time flies ! why not go again to celebrate out one-year anniversary ? We can go to the same beach , stay in the same hotel and enjoy a dinner in the same restaurant .
yes , it was wonderful but it's already been a year . How time flies ! why not go again to celebrate out one-year anniversary ? We can go to the same beach , stay in the same hotel and enjoy a dinner in the same restaurant . are you kidding ? Can you afford it ? Do you think we can get a room on such short notice ?
why not go again to celebrate out one-year anniversary ? We can go to the same beach , stay in the same hotel and enjoy a dinner in the same restaurant . are you kidding ? Can you afford it ? Do you think we can get a room on such short notice ? never mind that , I'll take care of it . Are you available next week ?
are you kidding ? Can you afford it ? Do you think we can get a room on such short notice ? never mind that , I'll take care of it . Are you available next week ? yeah , I think so .
never mind that , I'll take care of it . Are you available next week ? yeah , I think so . ok . I'll make the arrangements . It will be great .
Ok , honey , time to take down the Christmas tree . Do we have to ? Come on , it ' s losing needles all the time and the branches are sagging .
Do we have to ? Come on , it ' s losing needles all the time and the branches are sagging . It ' s not that bad , besides it really looks nice in that corner . It gives the room a good atmosphere .
Come on , it ' s losing needles all the time and the branches are sagging . It ' s not that bad , besides it really looks nice in that corner . It gives the room a good atmosphere . A good atmosphere ? The tree is falling apart , and it ' s messing up the room .
It ' s not that bad , besides it really looks nice in that corner . It gives the room a good atmosphere . A good atmosphere ? The tree is falling apart , and it ' s messing up the room . But it makes the place feel so much like Christmas . I ' d really hate to have to take it down .
A good atmosphere ? The tree is falling apart , and it ' s messing up the room . But it makes the place feel so much like Christmas . I ' d really hate to have to take it down . But Christmas was two weeks ago ! It ' s been there only because we ' Ve been too busy to get rid of it .
But it makes the place feel so much like Christmas . I ' d really hate to have to take it down . But Christmas was two weeks ago ! It ' s been there only because we ' Ve been too busy to get rid of it . I know , but it seems like such a shame to have to take it away .
But Christmas was two weeks ago ! It ' s been there only because we ' Ve been too busy to get rid of it . I know , but it seems like such a shame to have to take it away . But it ' s falling apart , and the cat keeps playing with the lower branches .
I know , but it seems like such a shame to have to take it away . But it ' s falling apart , and the cat keeps playing with the lower branches . I know , I know . But it reminds me of the great Christmas we just had . All of us were here - - my parents , your parents , the kids , and the cousins - - the food was good , and everybody got what they wanted .
But it ' s falling apart , and the cat keeps playing with the lower branches . I know , I know . But it reminds me of the great Christmas we just had . All of us were here - - my parents , your parents , the kids , and the cousins - - the food was good , and everybody got what they wanted . Yeah , it was a good Christmas . It won ' t always be this good , but we can ' t make it last longer than it should .
I know , I know . But it reminds me of the great Christmas we just had . All of us were here - - my parents , your parents , the kids , and the cousins - - the food was good , and everybody got what they wanted . Yeah , it was a good Christmas . It won ' t always be this good , but we can ' t make it last longer than it should . Ok , fine . We need to take down the tree .
You guys are charging me $ 10 for a movie that I never ordered or saw . Let's see , sir . According to your file , you watched ' Titanic ' Monday evening . Well , the wrong information is in my file . I was at a concert Monday night .
Let's see , sir . According to your file , you watched ' Titanic ' Monday evening . Well , the wrong information is in my file . I was at a concert Monday night . Well , your word overrules the file , sir . One moment , please .
Well , the wrong information is in my file . I was at a concert Monday night . Well , your word overrules the file , sir . One moment , please . I knew you'd see it my way .
Well , your word overrules the file , sir . One moment , please . I knew you'd see it my way . Sir , I deleted the $ 10 , but I had to add a $ 2 service charge to your bill .
I knew you'd see it my way . Sir , I deleted the $ 10 , but I had to add a $ 2 service charge to your bill . Am I in the Twilight Zone ? You're charging me for a movie I never saw ?
Sir , I deleted the $ 10 , but I had to add a $ 2 service charge to your bill . Am I in the Twilight Zone ? You're charging me for a movie I never saw ? Please don't blame me , sir . Blame the computer programmer .
Am I in the Twilight Zone ? You're charging me for a movie I never saw ? Please don't blame me , sir . Blame the computer programmer . This is highway robbery . I've got a good mind to call the police !
Hi , I'm George . I'll be your waiter this evening . Are you ready to order or do you need a few more minutes ? I'm ready now . I'd like the roast chicken and a side order of corn . And would you like an appetizer before your meal ? The soup of the day is our delicious tomato soup .
I'm ready now . I'd like the roast chicken and a side order of corn . And would you like an appetizer before your meal ? The soup of the day is our delicious tomato soup . I'll pass on the soup , but I'd like a garden salad .
And would you like an appetizer before your meal ? The soup of the day is our delicious tomato soup . I'll pass on the soup , but I'd like a garden salad . Can I get you anything to drink ? :
I'll pass on the soup , but I'd like a garden salad . Can I get you anything to drink ? : Yes , I'd like a glass of iced tea .
Can I get you anything to drink ? : Yes , I'd like a glass of iced tea . Okay . I'll be back in a minute with your drink and salad .
It's beautiful here . Yes . I feel refreshed . How long will we dock ?
Yes . I feel refreshed . How long will we dock ? In half an hour . The surface of the lake is calm .
Here's the course description guide . What do I do with it ? Do you want me to help you ?
What do I do with it ? Do you want me to help you ? Please .
Do you want me to help you ? Please . Look . Here are the core classes . Everyone has to take them .
Please . Look . Here are the core classes . Everyone has to take them . So I don't have to worry about them .
Look . Here are the core classes . Everyone has to take them . So I don't have to worry about them . You're catching on ! However , there are elective courses like wood shop , metal shop , home economics ...
So I don't have to worry about them . You're catching on ! However , there are elective courses like wood shop , metal shop , home economics ... I'll take home economics .
Hi , Bob , this is John Lin . Hello , John . I'm with Hartford public relations . I'd like to set up an appointment to come by and talk with you about our services .
Hi , Becky , what's up ? Not much , except that my mother-in-law is driving me up the wall . What's the problem ?
Not much , except that my mother-in-law is driving me up the wall . What's the problem ? She loves to nit-pick and criticizes everything that I do . I can never do anything right when she ' s around .
What's the problem ? She loves to nit-pick and criticizes everything that I do . I can never do anything right when she ' s around . For example ?
She loves to nit-pick and criticizes everything that I do . I can never do anything right when she ' s around . For example ? Well , last week I invited her over to dinner . My husband and I had no problem with the food , but if you listened to her , then it would seem like I fed her old meat and rotten vegetables . There's just nothing can please her .
For example ? Well , last week I invited her over to dinner . My husband and I had no problem with the food , but if you listened to her , then it would seem like I fed her old meat and rotten vegetables . There's just nothing can please her . No , I can't see that happening . I know you're a good cook and nothing like that would ever happen .
Well , last week I invited her over to dinner . My husband and I had no problem with the food , but if you listened to her , then it would seem like I fed her old meat and rotten vegetables . There's just nothing can please her . No , I can't see that happening . I know you're a good cook and nothing like that would ever happen . It's not just that . She also criticizes how we raise the kids .
Can you help me plan the office party ? Sure . What do you need the most help with , the food or entertainment ? I need help with food .
Sure . What do you need the most help with , the food or entertainment ? I need help with food . OK , well , let's coordinate our efforts . Should this party be formal or casual ?
I need help with food . OK , well , let's coordinate our efforts . Should this party be formal or casual ? I think it should be casual .
OK , well , let's coordinate our efforts . Should this party be formal or casual ? I think it should be casual . I agree . Next , we have to decide on food . We have a choice of Chinese or Continental Cuisine . Which one should we have ?
I think it should be casual . I agree . Next , we have to decide on food . We have a choice of Chinese or Continental Cuisine . Which one should we have ? I would prefer Chinese food for this party .
I agree . Next , we have to decide on food . We have a choice of Chinese or Continental Cuisine . Which one should we have ? I would prefer Chinese food for this party . Perfect choice . For music , should we have a live band or a DJ ?
I would prefer Chinese food for this party . Perfect choice . For music , should we have a live band or a DJ ? I think we should hire a live band .
Good morning . My name is Mr . Brown . I ' m from Australia . Here is my card . Thank you . I ' m pleased to meet you , Mr . Brown . My name is Kathy Pewless , the representative of Green Textile Import and Export Corporation . Pleased to meet you too , Ms . Pewless . I travel a lot every year on business , but this is my first visit to your country . I must say I have been much impressed by your friendly people .
Thank you . I ' m pleased to meet you , Mr . Brown . My name is Kathy Pewless , the representative of Green Textile Import and Export Corporation . Pleased to meet you too , Ms . Pewless . I travel a lot every year on business , but this is my first visit to your country . I must say I have been much impressed by your friendly people . Thank you for saying so . Have you seen the exhibition halls ? On display are most of our products , such as silk , woolen knitwear , cotton piece goods , and garments .
Pleased to meet you too , Ms . Pewless . I travel a lot every year on business , but this is my first visit to your country . I must say I have been much impressed by your friendly people . Thank you for saying so . Have you seen the exhibition halls ? On display are most of our products , such as silk , woolen knitwear , cotton piece goods , and garments . Oh , yes . I had a look yesterday . I found some of the exhibits to be fine in quality and beautiful in design . The exhibition has successfully displayed to me what your corporation handles . I ' Ve gone over the catalogue and the pamphlets enclosed in your last letter . I ' Ve got some idea of your exports . I ' m interested in your silk blouses .
How was the movie last night ? I didn't really like it . Mary said that she was really pleased with the photography .
I didn't really like it . Mary said that she was really pleased with the photography . I found it very disappointing .
Mary said that she was really pleased with the photography . I found it very disappointing . She liked the acting , too , because that's what she wanted to see .
I found it very disappointing . She liked the acting , too , because that's what she wanted to see . I wasn't happy with it .
Hello ! Tomorrow I'm going to need a wake-up call . Not a problem . What time shall we call you ? I always hit the snooze button , so give me two calls , one at 7 and another at 7 fifteen .
Not a problem . What time shall we call you ? I always hit the snooze button , so give me two calls , one at 7 and another at 7 fifteen . It'll be our pleasure . We'll call you at 7 and then at 7 fifteen .
I always hit the snooze button , so give me two calls , one at 7 and another at 7 fifteen . It'll be our pleasure . We'll call you at 7 and then at 7 fifteen . Oops , cancel that . Change the second call to 7 thirty will you , please ?
It'll be our pleasure . We'll call you at 7 and then at 7 fifteen . Oops , cancel that . Change the second call to 7 thirty will you , please ? No sooner said than done . Can I help you with anything else ?
Oops , cancel that . Change the second call to 7 thirty will you , please ? No sooner said than done . Can I help you with anything else ? No , that's about it for now . Thanks .
did you watch the Oscars on Sunday night ? no , but I heard about that Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt didn't attend . yes , that was surprising . I heard that they got into a fight and then decided not to go .
no , but I heard about that Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt didn't attend . yes , that was surprising . I heard that they got into a fight and then decided not to go . they must be the most famous celebrity couple in Hollywood .
yes , that was surprising . I heard that they got into a fight and then decided not to go . they must be the most famous celebrity couple in Hollywood . they're also one of the richest couples . They have so many money and they can buy almost anything they want .
they must be the most famous celebrity couple in Hollywood . they're also one of the richest couples . They have so many money and they can buy almost anything they want . I also heard that Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes made an appearance at the Oscars .
they're also one of the richest couples . They have so many money and they can buy almost anything they want . I also heard that Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes made an appearance at the Oscars . did either one of them win an Oscar this year ?
I also heard that Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes made an appearance at the Oscars . did either one of them win an Oscar this year ? I think Tom might have been nominated for one of his films , but I don't think he won anything .
did either one of them win an Oscar this year ? I think Tom might have been nominated for one of his films , but I don't think he won anything . Tom Cruise may be handsome , but I think he's a bit crazy , don't you ?
I think Tom might have been nominated for one of his films , but I don't think he won anything . Tom Cruise may be handsome , but I think he's a bit crazy , don't you ? yes , his marriage to Katie is actually quite scandalous .
Tom Cruise may be handsome , but I think he's a bit crazy , don't you ? yes , his marriage to Katie is actually quite scandalous . I still think that they only got married to get more publicity for their movies and themselves .
yes , his marriage to Katie is actually quite scandalous . I still think that they only got married to get more publicity for their movies and themselves . people in show biz can have such an easy life ; I don't know why they have to make it so complicated .
I still think that they only got married to get more publicity for their movies and themselves . people in show biz can have such an easy life ; I don't know why they have to make it so complicated . I would never want to be a celebrity because the paparazzi would also be after you .
people in show biz can have such an easy life ; I don't know why they have to make it so complicated . I would never want to be a celebrity because the paparazzi would also be after you . that's true . I guess it would be difficult to have people taking pictures of you everywhere you go .
I would never want to be a celebrity because the paparazzi would also be after you . that's true . I guess it would be difficult to have people taking pictures of you everywhere you go . thank goodness we're not rich and famous !
You have been here for how long ? Four months now ? Yeah , about . Do you know Chinese better now ?
Yeah , about . Do you know Chinese better now ? Oh , definitely . I remember , when I first arrived in Guangzhou , my girlfriend was haggling with a sales clerk over the price of a mobile phone .
Do you know Chinese better now ? Oh , definitely . I remember , when I first arrived in Guangzhou , my girlfriend was haggling with a sales clerk over the price of a mobile phone . Oh , yeah . Many Chinese like to bargain . It happens almost everywhere .
Oh , definitely . I remember , when I first arrived in Guangzhou , my girlfriend was haggling with a sales clerk over the price of a mobile phone . Oh , yeah . Many Chinese like to bargain . It happens almost everywhere . I mean , I understand that . But the speed of the conversation got faster and faster , until it seemed to me that they would fight . My perception of the tone was that it was a violent shouting match . The truth was that it was a perfectly normal conversation .
Oh , yeah . Many Chinese like to bargain . It happens almost everywhere . I mean , I understand that . But the speed of the conversation got faster and faster , until it seemed to me that they would fight . My perception of the tone was that it was a violent shouting match . The truth was that it was a perfectly normal conversation . A shouting match ? You ' re so funny . You must be exaggerating . I don ' t believe it .
I mean , I understand that . But the speed of the conversation got faster and faster , until it seemed to me that they would fight . My perception of the tone was that it was a violent shouting match . The truth was that it was a perfectly normal conversation . A shouting match ? You ' re so funny . You must be exaggerating . I don ' t believe it . I am not exaggerating at all . I ' m telling you the truth . That was how I felt at that time .
A shouting match ? You ' re so funny . You must be exaggerating . I don ' t believe it . I am not exaggerating at all . I ' m telling you the truth . That was how I felt at that time . Yes , perhaps . Chinese usually don ' t notice that sort of thing . Maybe it ' s quite natural to us .
Hello , is that Xiaogang Li who applied for the Solar Studio of our college ? Yes , speaking . I want to know whether you will come to the interview . So have you accepted offers from other companies ?
Do you have experience in advertising ? Yes , I used to have a part-time job in advertising company . What were you mean duties there ?
Yes , I used to have a part-time job in advertising company . What were you mean duties there ? I mostly did advertising planning .
What were you mean duties there ? I mostly did advertising planning . What qualities do you think an advertising planner should have ?
I mostly did advertising planning . What qualities do you think an advertising planner should have ? I think an advertising planner should have active thoughts , creative talent , and be sensitive to the changes in the market .
What qualities do you think an advertising planner should have ? I think an advertising planner should have active thoughts , creative talent , and be sensitive to the changes in the market . What was the most important thing you have learned at work ?
Bob ! Anne ! I haven't seen you for ages . How ' Ve you been ? Fine , just fine . And you ?
Anne ! I haven't seen you for ages . How ' Ve you been ? Fine , just fine . And you ? Not bad . It really is great to see you again . Where have you been ?
Are you ready for the camping trip ? All set . I've got my makeup , my Cds , and my portable TV set ... Hello ! We're supposed to be getting back to nature .
All set . I've got my makeup , my Cds , and my portable TV set ... Hello ! We're supposed to be getting back to nature . Yeah , yeah . Anyway ... I'm packed . Are you ?
Hello ! We're supposed to be getting back to nature . Yeah , yeah . Anyway ... I'm packed . Are you ? I've been packed for a week . All my stuff is in this backpack .
Yeah , yeah . Anyway ... I'm packed . Are you ? I've been packed for a week . All my stuff is in this backpack . Let me see ... two books ... birdseed ?
I've been packed for a week . All my stuff is in this backpack . Let me see ... two books ... birdseed ? That's trail mix !
Hello , this is room 1205 . Our message lamp is flashing . Hold on a minute , please . Thank you .
Hold on a minute , please . Thank you . I am sorry to have kept you waiting . Mr . Johns needs a telephone call from you .
Thank you . I am sorry to have kept you waiting . Mr . Johns needs a telephone call from you . Would you bring the message to my room .
I am sorry to have kept you waiting . Mr . Johns needs a telephone call from you . Would you bring the message to my room . I'm afraid we have nobody available at the moment .
Would you bring the message to my room . I'm afraid we have nobody available at the moment . Then I'll come down and pick up the message immediately .
Could you change these for me , please ? What would you like ? Twenties and some smaller bills , please .
What would you like ? Twenties and some smaller bills , please . Anything else ?
Have you ever shopped online ? Quite often . It is very convenient , saving me a lot of time . Do you have some experiences to share with me ? I want to have a try .
Quite often . It is very convenient , saving me a lot of time . Do you have some experiences to share with me ? I want to have a try . You are asking the right person . Here are two very important tips . First , you need to visit no more than one site to find the best products and prices . I can recommend you some online merchants . Second , write your mail address correctly . Otherwise , you can ' t receive your delivery in time .
Do you have some experiences to share with me ? I want to have a try . You are asking the right person . Here are two very important tips . First , you need to visit no more than one site to find the best products and prices . I can recommend you some online merchants . Second , write your mail address correctly . Otherwise , you can ' t receive your delivery in time . What about the registration procedure ? Is that complicated ?
You are asking the right person . Here are two very important tips . First , you need to visit no more than one site to find the best products and prices . I can recommend you some online merchants . Second , write your mail address correctly . Otherwise , you can ' t receive your delivery in time . What about the registration procedure ? Is that complicated ? Not at all . You just need to provide your name , address , e-mail address , phone number and bank or credit card information . I will help you with that .
How ' s it going ? I ' m fine . Thank you . Do you need anything ?
I ' m fine . Thank you . Do you need anything ? I need you to help me .
Do you need anything ? I need you to help me . What can I do for you ?
I need you to help me . What can I do for you ? I am looking for an article in a newspaper .
What can I do for you ? I am looking for an article in a newspaper . Did you check the periodicals ?
I am looking for an article in a newspaper . Did you check the periodicals ? I didn ' t even bother to think of that .
Did you check the periodicals ? I didn ' t even bother to think of that . I ' ll show you where to find your article .
I didn ' t even bother to think of that . I ' ll show you where to find your article . I get lost in this library .
I ' ll show you where to find your article . I get lost in this library . It ' s right this way .
How about going to the cinema tonight ? That's great . What's on tonight ? I am not sure about the name of the film , but I know it's a romantic one .
That's great . What's on tonight ? I am not sure about the name of the film , but I know it's a romantic one . Romantic ? I am afraid I like thrillers better .
I am not sure about the name of the film , but I know it's a romantic one . Romantic ? I am afraid I like thrillers better . Don't you think it's too bloody ?
The stepmother was very wicked . She couldn't stand a happy smile on the boy's face . And ? And she did her best to pull out the thorn in her flesh and the boy lost whatever made him happy .
Excuse me . I bought this shirt yesterday , but I would like to refund it . Gave me the receipt , please . Here is my receipt .
Gave me the receipt , please . Here is my receipt . What's wrong with it ?
Here is my receipt . What's wrong with it ? It's too small for me to wear .
What's wrong with it ? It's too small for me to wear . Would you like another bigger one ?
It's too small for me to wear . Would you like another bigger one ? No thanks . I want to have a refund .
When can you get the finished product to me ? We should have it put together by the end of next week . Great ! That ' ll be ahead of schedule ! Good work .
It's too hot to read . We'd better go out for a walk . Which season do you like best ?
We'd better go out for a walk . Which season do you like best ? Spring .
Which season do you like best ? Spring . How about summer ?
Spring . How about summer ? I dislike it most .
How about summer ? I dislike it most . Why ?
I dislike it most . Why ? Because the hottest season is summer in a year .
Let's play chess . I haven't played chess for a long time . That's all right , I'm a beginner . I've just learnt how to play .
I haven't played chess for a long time . That's all right , I'm a beginner . I've just learnt how to play . Look , there's a chessboard . Those two men have already finished playing .
That's all right , I'm a beginner . I've just learnt how to play . Look , there's a chessboard . Those two men have already finished playing . You're a very good player
Look , there's a chessboard . Those two men have already finished playing . You're a very good player Not really , but once I won a prize .
You're a very good player Not really , but once I won a prize . So did I . I won a prize last week but it was a prize for beginners .
I guess I'm just a little nervous . I'm giving everything I have to invoking , and ... and what if it doesn't work out , right ? Exactly .
and what if it doesn't work out , right ? Exactly . You need to quit thinking like a loser . invoking is going to kick butt . You know how I know ?
Exactly . You need to quit thinking like a loser . invoking is going to kick butt . You know how I know ? How ?
You need to quit thinking like a loser . invoking is going to kick butt . You know how I know ? How ? Because I won't let it fail .
Did you read the letter in the paper about smoking ? The person who wrote that must be crazy . I don ' t think so . I think the government should do everything it can to discourage people from smoking . Maybe so . But a law banning cigarettes will do no good .
May I help you ? Give me a Big Mac , a small order of French fries and a medium Coke . You'll need to wait a few minutes for the fries . They are still in the fryer .
Give me a Big Mac , a small order of French fries and a medium Coke . You'll need to wait a few minutes for the fries . They are still in the fryer . That's fine .
You'll need to wait a few minutes for the fries . They are still in the fryer . That's fine . Your total comes to $ 7 .
That's fine . Your total comes to $ 7 . Here's a twenty . Could you give me some more napkins ?
Your total comes to $ 7 . Here's a twenty . Could you give me some more napkins ? Sure . Your cash back is $ 13 . And we'll bring out your fries in two minutes .
Good afternoon , madam . How can I help you ? Well , I am a bit out of shape . I'm thinking about getting some exercises to keep fit . Oh , that's good news for us .
Well , I am a bit out of shape . I'm thinking about getting some exercises to keep fit . Oh , that's good news for us . So what do you provide ?
Oh , that's good news for us . So what do you provide ? First of all , we'll design a custom-made work-out plan according to your habits .
So what do you provide ? First of all , we'll design a custom-made work-out plan according to your habits . How can you get that done ?
First of all , we'll design a custom-made work-out plan according to your habits . How can you get that done ? Well , we give each of our customers a personal trainer who is qualified . And he will give you a fitness assessment and then come up with the work-out plan for your needs .
How can you get that done ? Well , we give each of our customers a personal trainer who is qualified . And he will give you a fitness assessment and then come up with the work-out plan for your needs . What else ?
Well , we give each of our customers a personal trainer who is qualified . And he will give you a fitness assessment and then come up with the work-out plan for your needs . What else ? Since everyone is different , your personal trainer will find you a suitable type of exercise equipment and teach you all the techniques to help you achieve your fitness level and goal .
What else ? Since everyone is different , your personal trainer will find you a suitable type of exercise equipment and teach you all the techniques to help you achieve your fitness level and goal . Sounds pretty good . What about the charge ?
Since everyone is different , your personal trainer will find you a suitable type of exercise equipment and teach you all the techniques to help you achieve your fitness level and goal . Sounds pretty good . What about the charge ? That depends . We offer membership for one month , half a year and one year .
Sounds pretty good . What about the charge ? That depends . We offer membership for one month , half a year and one year . Maybe one month . Just have a try first . Not too tough at the beginning .
May I help you , ma'ma ? Please , where do I catch the plane for New York ? First you must check in at Counter No . 4 .
Please , where do I catch the plane for New York ? First you must check in at Counter No . 4 . That one there ?
First you must check in at Counter No . 4 . That one there ? That's right . Then you will follow the signs to Gate 85 .
Hello . Can you tell me what the procedures of applying for a job are ? Yes , of course . There are many steps . You can apply for the job on the Internet and then send your resume to the e-mail address of the company . And wail the feedback of the company . What is the qualification needed by the position ?
Hi Joe , how are you doing today ? Things are going good today . How have you been doing , Mary ? Things are going well for me , Joe .
Things are going good today . How have you been doing , Mary ? Things are going well for me , Joe . Want to go see a movie tonight ?
Things are going well for me , Joe . Want to go see a movie tonight ? My parents are taking me to dinner tonight .
Want to go see a movie tonight ? My parents are taking me to dinner tonight . Could you go with me to the movies on Friday night , instead ?
My parents are taking me to dinner tonight . Could you go with me to the movies on Friday night , instead ? What movie did you want to see ?
Could you go with me to the movies on Friday night , instead ? What movie did you want to see ? There is a new horror flick about a rapist serial killer .
What movie did you want to see ? There is a new horror flick about a rapist serial killer . I was thinking that I would like to see " The Secret Life of Bees . "
Hello ! I'm sorry to bother you . This is a complimentary fruit tray . Your food will be ready soon . Wow ! It's a fruit sculpture ! Your chef is a real artist ! Actually , uh , I made it myself ...
Wow ! It's a fruit sculpture ! Your chef is a real artist ! Actually , uh , I made it myself ... You did ? Wow ! Where did you learn ...
What game do you like ? I like board games . I like chinese chess and draughts . I ' Ve never played Chinese chess before , but I ' Ve seen old men playing it in the street . It looks complicated .
I like board games . I like chinese chess and draughts . I ' Ve never played Chinese chess before , but I ' Ve seen old men playing it in the street . It looks complicated . It ' s about as complicated as chess . The basic rule and moves are simple enough , but there are many strategies that players need to learn .
I ' Ve never played Chinese chess before , but I ' Ve seen old men playing it in the street . It looks complicated . It ' s about as complicated as chess . The basic rule and moves are simple enough , but there are many strategies that players need to learn . I like playing cards . I ' m pretty good at poker . Do you play cards ?
It ' s about as complicated as chess . The basic rule and moves are simple enough , but there are many strategies that players need to learn . I like playing cards . I ' m pretty good at poker . Do you play cards ? I ' m terrible at cards and so I never play games which involve gambling , like poker . If I did , I ' d lose all my money .
I like playing cards . I ' m pretty good at poker . Do you play cards ? I ' m terrible at cards and so I never play games which involve gambling , like poker . If I did , I ' d lose all my money . Do you play bridge ?
I ' m terrible at cards and so I never play games which involve gambling , like poker . If I did , I ' d lose all my money . Do you play bridge ? Yes , I do . It ' s hard to find four players though , so I don ' t play very often . Do you know anyone who plays ? If so , we could set up a game .
Do you play bridge ? Yes , I do . It ' s hard to find four players though , so I don ' t play very often . Do you know anyone who plays ? If so , we could set up a game . I can play quite well . I have a friend who likes playing , but she ' s not very good at it . Shall I invite her to play ?
Yes , I do . It ' s hard to find four players though , so I don ' t play very often . Do you know anyone who plays ? If so , we could set up a game . I can play quite well . I have a friend who likes playing , but she ' s not very good at it . Shall I invite her to play ? Sure , I have a friend who play fairly well . We should find out when our friends are free and arrange a game .
Billy , you are late again . I'm sorry I'm late . I overslept . Is the manager here today ? Yes he ' s in his office .
I'm sorry I'm late . I overslept . Is the manager here today ? Yes he ' s in his office . Oh , I hope he didn't notice me .
Yes he ' s in his office . Oh , I hope he didn't notice me . Don't take any chances . It'd be best if you told him and promised not to be late again . He's already mad at you for last 2 times . Any more and he might fire you .
Oh , I hope he didn't notice me . Don't take any chances . It'd be best if you told him and promised not to be late again . He's already mad at you for last 2 times . Any more and he might fire you . You said it . It won't happen again . Do you really think he'd fire me ?
Don't take any chances . It'd be best if you told him and promised not to be late again . He's already mad at you for last 2 times . Any more and he might fire you . You said it . It won't happen again . Do you really think he'd fire me ? I think he might . You'd better go to his office .
You said it . It won't happen again . Do you really think he'd fire me ? I think he might . You'd better go to his office . You are probably right . I'll go right now and apologize . I try hard not to be late but it is difficult with Beijing traffic .
What's wrong with you , young man ? Doctor , I have a bad cough and a headache . Do you have a fever ?
Doctor , I have a bad cough and a headache . Do you have a fever ? I don't know , but I feel terrible .
Do you have a fever ? I don't know , but I feel terrible . Let me examine you . Don't worry . It's nothing serious .
I don't know , but I feel terrible . Let me examine you . Don't worry . It's nothing serious . Do you think I should lie in bed ?
Let me examine you . Don't worry . It's nothing serious . Do you think I should lie in bed ? Yes , stay in bed and drink a lot of water . Your fever will be gone in a day or two .
Do you think I should lie in bed ? Yes , stay in bed and drink a lot of water . Your fever will be gone in a day or two . OK . Do you think I can play football tomorrow ?
Yes , stay in bed and drink a lot of water . Your fever will be gone in a day or two . OK . Do you think I can play football tomorrow ? Of course not . You need a good rest .
Look , how grand magnificent the Tiananmen Gate tour is ! What's Tiananmen famous for ? It is largest pop square in the world . you see that is monument for the people's hero , and the Chairman Mao memorial hall on the south . there is great hall of the people on the west . there are two museums on the east .
What's Tiananmen famous for ? It is largest pop square in the world . you see that is monument for the people's hero , and the Chairman Mao memorial hall on the south . there is great hall of the people on the west . there are two museums on the east . What's that ?
It is largest pop square in the world . you see that is monument for the people's hero , and the Chairman Mao memorial hall on the south . there is great hall of the people on the west . there are two museums on the east . What's that ? That's the Forbidden city on the north of Gate building .
Excuse me , waiter , I would like to have some wine before the main course . Have you decided what wine you would like ? I have no idea . Maybe you can give me some advice .
Have you decided what wine you would like ? I have no idea . Maybe you can give me some advice . I recommend you the white wine . It will wake up your appetite .
I'm going to go shopping for groceries in a little bit . Why , do we need groceries ? I believe we are all out of food .
Why , do we need groceries ? I believe we are all out of food . Do you know what to get ?
I believe we are all out of food . Do you know what to get ? I don't know what we need .
Do you know what to get ? I don't know what we need . Why don't you go and check the refrigerator ?
I don't know what we need . Why don't you go and check the refrigerator ? I would appreciate it if you would do that for me .
Why don't you go and check the refrigerator ? I would appreciate it if you would do that for me . Why don't you just get the basics ?
I would appreciate it if you would do that for me . Why don't you just get the basics ? What do you mean ?
Why don't you just get the basics ? What do you mean ? Eggs , milk , bread . Things like that .
What do you mean ? Eggs , milk , bread . Things like that . Go make that list .
Nice to meet you here . How come you dropped into this company today ? My boss sent me here to take some business documents back to his office . I didn't know you were working here . What a surprise . How long have you been doing this ? Two years or so .
My boss sent me here to take some business documents back to his office . I didn't know you were working here . What a surprise . How long have you been doing this ? Two years or so . That is great . Do you have to work the night shift ?
Two years or so . That is great . Do you have to work the night shift ? No , in most cases I don't have to unless there is something urgent to deal with . I work five days a week .
That is great . Do you have to work the night shift ? No , in most cases I don't have to unless there is something urgent to deal with . I work five days a week . Do you enjoy work here ?
No , in most cases I don't have to unless there is something urgent to deal with . I work five days a week . Do you enjoy work here ? It is hard to say . But I've to start by working as a trainee before I really become an experienced marketing assistant . Sometimes , I am really under great pressure when it gets busy .
Do you enjoy work here ? It is hard to say . But I've to start by working as a trainee before I really become an experienced marketing assistant . Sometimes , I am really under great pressure when it gets busy . Take it easy . I'm sure you will gain enough experience while working as a marketing assistant . I hope you haven't been given much trouble in the job .
It is hard to say . But I've to start by working as a trainee before I really become an experienced marketing assistant . Sometimes , I am really under great pressure when it gets busy . Take it easy . I'm sure you will gain enough experience while working as a marketing assistant . I hope you haven't been given much trouble in the job . Luckily not . The silent I meet are generally very friendly and have a good boss .
Listen , Karen , I need your help . I don't know anyone here yet . I'm glad to help you . What's wrong ? My mother-in-law just went into the hospital in L . A . Hank and I will be flying there tonight .
I'm glad to help you . What's wrong ? My mother-in-law just went into the hospital in L . A . Hank and I will be flying there tonight . I'm sorry to hear it . What's wrong with her ?
My mother-in-law just went into the hospital in L . A . Hank and I will be flying there tonight . I'm sorry to hear it . What's wrong with her ? Doctors aren't sure yet . But the real problem is Suzy . She has a bad cold , and we don't want to take her with us . But we don't know who can stay with her .
I'm sorry to hear it . What's wrong with her ? Doctors aren't sure yet . But the real problem is Suzy . She has a bad cold , and we don't want to take her with us . But we don't know who can stay with her . You need a babysitter .
Doctors aren't sure yet . But the real problem is Suzy . She has a bad cold , and we don't want to take her with us . But we don't know who can stay with her . You need a babysitter . Yes , I'd ask Jill , the girl I've had before , but I need someone overnight . Maybe even for two nights .
You need a babysitter . Yes , I'd ask Jill , the girl I've had before , but I need someone overnight . Maybe even for two nights . I could have Suzy stay at my place .
Yes , I'd ask Jill , the girl I've had before , but I need someone overnight . Maybe even for two nights . I could have Suzy stay at my place . I don't want to do that to you , Karen .
I could have Suzy stay at my place . I don't want to do that to you , Karen . Why not ?
I don't want to do that to you , Karen . Why not ? Your own kids would get Suzy's cold . I think it would be better to have a good babysitter here . But I don't know who to ask . I need someone more mature than Jill . It might even be for two or three days .
Why not ? Your own kids would get Suzy's cold . I think it would be better to have a good babysitter here . But I don't know who to ask . I need someone more mature than Jill . It might even be for two or three days . I know who we can ask . There is a girl I know , Sara Ralston . She is 17 , and she will usually take this kind of job . I know her from my church , and I trust her completely .
Your own kids would get Suzy's cold . I think it would be better to have a good babysitter here . But I don't know who to ask . I need someone more mature than Jill . It might even be for two or three days . I know who we can ask . There is a girl I know , Sara Ralston . She is 17 , and she will usually take this kind of job . I know her from my church , and I trust her completely . I'd like to talk with her . This is short notice , I know . But Hank and I are leaving tonight .
I know who we can ask . There is a girl I know , Sara Ralston . She is 17 , and she will usually take this kind of job . I know her from my church , and I trust her completely . I'd like to talk with her . This is short notice , I know . But Hank and I are leaving tonight . I'll get you her number . I hope she can do it . She is very responsible .
I'd like to talk with her . This is short notice , I know . But Hank and I are leaving tonight . I'll get you her number . I hope she can do it . She is very responsible . I'm glad you know someone . I knew you would be the best person to ask about this . I don't want to insult Jill or her mother . I think Jill maybe could do it . But I'd rather have someone a little older .
I'll get you her number . I hope she can do it . She is very responsible . I'm glad you know someone . I knew you would be the best person to ask about this . I don't want to insult Jill or her mother . I think Jill maybe could do it . But I'd rather have someone a little older . I'll go home and get Sara's number . I'll call her first myself .
I'm really in a flap about the interview . Take it easy . you ' Ve made enough preparations . I'm in such a need of the job that I can't afford any mistakes .
The plumbing in my new apartment is not working . I need you to tell me what the problem is . The bathroom sink is stopped up .
I need you to tell me what the problem is . The bathroom sink is stopped up . Is the kitchen plumbing messed up also , or just the bathroom plumbing ?
The bathroom sink is stopped up . Is the kitchen plumbing messed up also , or just the bathroom plumbing ? Just the bathroom plumbing seems to have a problem .
Is the kitchen plumbing messed up also , or just the bathroom plumbing ? Just the bathroom plumbing seems to have a problem . Did this just start happening , or has it been going on for a while ?
Just the bathroom plumbing seems to have a problem . Did this just start happening , or has it been going on for a while ? Everything worked beautifully until a few hours ago .
Did this just start happening , or has it been going on for a while ? Everything worked beautifully until a few hours ago . Are you going to be home so I can come by and take a look at the problem ?
Everything worked beautifully until a few hours ago . Are you going to be home so I can come by and take a look at the problem ? I am not sure if I will be home later .
Who are those guys ? Kobe Bryant and Shaquille O ' Neal , they are the Los Angeles Lakers ' star players . Oh .
Kobe Bryant and Shaquille O ' Neal , they are the Los Angeles Lakers ' star players . Oh . Wait a second . He shoots , he scores !
Oh . Wait a second . He shoots , he scores ! All right !
Wait a second . He shoots , he scores ! All right ! Here comes Jordan , though .
All right ! Here comes Jordan , though . Wow , Michael Jordan ' s slam-dunks are beautiful things to watch .
Here comes Jordan , though . Wow , Michael Jordan ' s slam-dunks are beautiful things to watch . Yeah . He ' s older , so he doesn ' t slam as much as he did when he was younger , but when he does , it ' s still amazing .
Wow , Michael Jordan ' s slam-dunks are beautiful things to watch . Yeah . He ' s older , so he doesn ' t slam as much as he did when he was younger , but when he does , it ' s still amazing . Which team do you think will win ?
I don't believe we've met . No , I don't think we have . My name is Gao Run .
No , I don't think we have . My name is Gao Run . How do you do ? My name is James Green .
My name is Gao Run . How do you do ? My name is James Green . Here's my name card .
How do you do ? My name is James Green . Here's my name card . And here's mine .
Here's my name card . And here's mine . It's nice to finally meet you .
House keeping . May I come in ? Come in please . Good evening , sir . I come to make the bed . Shall I do it now or later ?
Come in please . Good evening , sir . I come to make the bed . Shall I do it now or later ? Well , since you have come , do it now please ?
Good evening , sir . I come to make the bed . Shall I do it now or later ? Well , since you have come , do it now please ? That's all . Have a nice stay here .
Well , since you have come , do it now please ? That's all . Have a nice stay here . Thank you . Please get some soap for us .
Look , that bamboo groves are flourishing . Let's go and play there . Wait ! Look at that board , what's on it ? ' Please don't enter the bamboo groves . ' We're not allowed to go in .
Wait ! Look at that board , what's on it ? ' Please don't enter the bamboo groves . ' We're not allowed to go in . Then we'd better not go .
Did you set your clock forward for daylight savings time ? What ? Why do we have to do that ? Well , at the start of the spring we usually have more daylight in the mornings and less in the afternoon . This is basically due to our position on the planet and the rotation of the earth . In any case , to take better advantage of the daylight available , we compensate by moving our clocks forward one hour .
What ? Why do we have to do that ? Well , at the start of the spring we usually have more daylight in the mornings and less in the afternoon . This is basically due to our position on the planet and the rotation of the earth . In any case , to take better advantage of the daylight available , we compensate by moving our clocks forward one hour . I see . That ' s convenient ! I never understood things like this , such as GMT . I never know what time zone we are in or when to change my clock !
Well , at the start of the spring we usually have more daylight in the mornings and less in the afternoon . This is basically due to our position on the planet and the rotation of the earth . In any case , to take better advantage of the daylight available , we compensate by moving our clocks forward one hour . I see . That ' s convenient ! I never understood things like this , such as GMT . I never know what time zone we are in or when to change my clock ! That just stands for Greenwich Mean Time . Here in California , we are in Pacific Standard Time , that is eight time zones west of Greenwich . Remember when we were in Beijing ? Well , then we were in China Standard Time , and that ' s eight time zones east of Greenwich !
Hello . This is Mrs . Wilson . I'd like to buy a new car . Could you offer me a new type of the car , please ? Oh , Madam , buy what ? A new car . And I've got a small family , two children , and I haven't got a lot of money and ... Oh , oh , Madam , Madam , I'm afraid you have the wrong number .
Oh , Madam , buy what ? A new car . And I've got a small family , two children , and I haven't got a lot of money and ... Oh , oh , Madam , Madam , I'm afraid you have the wrong number . Isn't this the car store ?
A new car . And I've got a small family , two children , and I haven't got a lot of money and ... Oh , oh , Madam , Madam , I'm afraid you have the wrong number . Isn't this the car store ? No . It's Mike's Sporting Goods .
Oh , oh , Madam , Madam , I'm afraid you have the wrong number . Isn't this the car store ? No . It's Mike's Sporting Goods . Oh , sorry . Do you know the number for a car store , then ?
Isn't this the car store ? No . It's Mike's Sporting Goods . Oh , sorry . Do you know the number for a car store , then ? No . I don't . I suggest you look in the phone book .
No . It's Mike's Sporting Goods . Oh , sorry . Do you know the number for a car store , then ? No . I don't . I suggest you look in the phone book . I'm sorry to have bothered you .
I was wondering if you could help me with something . Sure , anything you say . Actually , it ' s a little bit silly . Don ' t worry about it , just ask .
Sure , anything you say . Actually , it ' s a little bit silly . Don ' t worry about it , just ask . What words do I need to know to buy a pair of shoes ?
Actually , it ' s a little bit silly . Don ' t worry about it , just ask . What words do I need to know to buy a pair of shoes ? You need to know the type of shoes you want .
Don ' t worry about it , just ask . What words do I need to know to buy a pair of shoes ? You need to know the type of shoes you want . Don ' t worry about that . I can point it out in the store .
What words do I need to know to buy a pair of shoes ? You need to know the type of shoes you want . Don ' t worry about that . I can point it out in the store . The shoes can be comfortable or not comfortable , too wide , too narrow , or just right ; and long or short . In girls shoes , the heel can be high or low .
Why'd you pull me over ? Are you aware that you drove through a red light ? I ran a red light ? Yes , you did .
Are you aware that you drove through a red light ? I ran a red light ? Yes , you did . I apologize , but I didn't realize that I did .
I ran a red light ? Yes , you did . I apologize , but I didn't realize that I did . Weren't you taught that yellow means slow down , not speed up ?
Yes , you did . I apologize , but I didn't realize that I did . Weren't you taught that yellow means slow down , not speed up ? I did learn that .
I apologize , but I didn't realize that I did . Weren't you taught that yellow means slow down , not speed up ? I did learn that . So , then why did you speed up ?
Weren't you taught that yellow means slow down , not speed up ? I did learn that . So , then why did you speed up ? I don't know what to tell you .
I did learn that . So , then why did you speed up ? I don't know what to tell you . I'm going to have to write you a ticket .
So , then why did you speed up ? I don't know what to tell you . I'm going to have to write you a ticket . I understand .
Can you tell me where the pots and pans are ? Pots and pans are right over there . Oh , thank you . Could I interest you in our store credit card ?
Pots and pans are right over there . Oh , thank you . Could I interest you in our store credit card ? No , thanks . I already have credit cards .
Oh , thank you . Could I interest you in our store credit card ? No , thanks . I already have credit cards . But our credit card saves you 10 percent .
Could I interest you in our store credit card ? No , thanks . I already have credit cards . But our credit card saves you 10 percent . That's a nice discount .
No , thanks . I already have credit cards . But our credit card saves you 10 percent . That's a nice discount . Here . Let me give you an application form .
But our credit card saves you 10 percent . That's a nice discount . Here . Let me give you an application form . Thank you , but I'm just browsing today .
Excuse me . I have an appointment with Mr . Li at nine . May I come in ? Yes , come in please . I am Mr . Li . You must be My Liu , right ? Yes , I am My Liu . Thanks . I'd like to start this interview with some questions . Why do you think you are qualified for this position ?
Yes , come in please . I am Mr . Li . You must be My Liu , right ? Yes , I am My Liu . Thanks . I'd like to start this interview with some questions . Why do you think you are qualified for this position ? According to your advertisement , you want an experienced software engineer . I think my background meets the requirement of this position .
Yes , I am My Liu . Thanks . I'd like to start this interview with some questions . Why do you think you are qualified for this position ? According to your advertisement , you want an experienced software engineer . I think my background meets the requirement of this position . Then tell me something about your background .
I'd like to start this interview with some questions . Why do you think you are qualified for this position ? According to your advertisement , you want an experienced software engineer . I think my background meets the requirement of this position . Then tell me something about your background . My major was computer science when I was at college , and I am quite familiar with Visual C + + and Java language .
According to your advertisement , you want an experienced software engineer . I think my background meets the requirement of this position . Then tell me something about your background . My major was computer science when I was at college , and I am quite familiar with Visual C + + and Java language . Well , what do you think about the development in computers ?
Then tell me something about your background . My major was computer science when I was at college , and I am quite familiar with Visual C + + and Java language . Well , what do you think about the development in computers ? The developments in software are going ahead very quickly and more and more problems are resolved by software . In some regions , the hardware is completely replaced by software . So I think the software industry has a great future .
My major was computer science when I was at college , and I am quite familiar with Visual C + + and Java language . Well , what do you think about the development in computers ? The developments in software are going ahead very quickly and more and more problems are resolved by software . In some regions , the hardware is completely replaced by software . So I think the software industry has a great future . Have you ever designed any programs concerning network ?
Well , what do you think about the development in computers ? The developments in software are going ahead very quickly and more and more problems are resolved by software . In some regions , the hardware is completely replaced by software . So I think the software industry has a great future . Have you ever designed any programs concerning network ? Yes , I have designed some programs for the network with Visual C + + and I have passed the test for programmers - MUSE .
The developments in software are going ahead very quickly and more and more problems are resolved by software . In some regions , the hardware is completely replaced by software . So I think the software industry has a great future . Have you ever designed any programs concerning network ? Yes , I have designed some programs for the network with Visual C + + and I have passed the test for programmers - MUSE . Have you got anything to ask me ?
Have you ever designed any programs concerning network ? Yes , I have designed some programs for the network with Visual C + + and I have passed the test for programmers - MUSE . Have you got anything to ask me ? Yes , can you tell me what's my responsibility in this position ?
Yes , I have designed some programs for the network with Visual C + + and I have passed the test for programmers - MUSE . Have you got anything to ask me ? Yes , can you tell me what's my responsibility in this position ? Yes , of course . You would be responsible for the development of software products .
Have you got anything to ask me ? Yes , can you tell me what's my responsibility in this position ? Yes , of course . You would be responsible for the development of software products . I see . This is my advantage .
Yes , can you tell me what's my responsibility in this position ? Yes , of course . You would be responsible for the development of software products . I see . This is my advantage . Good . Have you got any other questions ?
Yes , of course . You would be responsible for the development of software products . I see . This is my advantage . Good . Have you got any other questions ? No .
I see . This is my advantage . Good . Have you got any other questions ? No . Ok , I will contact you in a week . See you .
I need to stop eating such unhealthy foods . I know what you mean . I've started eating better myself . What foods do you eat now ? I tend to stick to fruits , vegetables , and chicken .
I know what you mean . I've started eating better myself . What foods do you eat now ? I tend to stick to fruits , vegetables , and chicken . Those are the only things you eat ?
What foods do you eat now ? I tend to stick to fruits , vegetables , and chicken . Those are the only things you eat ? That's basically what I eat .
I tend to stick to fruits , vegetables , and chicken . Those are the only things you eat ? That's basically what I eat . Why aren't you eating anything else ?
Those are the only things you eat ? That's basically what I eat . Why aren't you eating anything else ? Well , fruits and vegetables are very healthy .
That's basically what I eat . Why aren't you eating anything else ? Well , fruits and vegetables are very healthy . And the chicken ?
Why aren't you eating anything else ? Well , fruits and vegetables are very healthy . And the chicken ? It's really healthy to eat when you bake it .
Good morning . May I help you ? Yes , I'd like to check out now . My name's Adams , room 312 . Here's the key . One moment , please , sir . ... Here's your bill . Would you like to check and see if the amount is correct ? What's the 14 pounds for ?
Yes , I'd like to check out now . My name's Adams , room 312 . Here's the key . One moment , please , sir . ... Here's your bill . Would you like to check and see if the amount is correct ? What's the 14 pounds for ? That's for the phone calls you made from your room .
One moment , please , sir . ... Here's your bill . Would you like to check and see if the amount is correct ? What's the 14 pounds for ? That's for the phone calls you made from your room . Can I pay with traveller's cheques ?
What's the 14 pounds for ? That's for the phone calls you made from your room . Can I pay with traveller's cheques ? Certainly . May I have your passport , please ?
That's for the phone calls you made from your room . Can I pay with traveller's cheques ? Certainly . May I have your passport , please ? Here you are .
Can I pay with traveller's cheques ? Certainly . May I have your passport , please ? Here you are . Could you sign each cheque here for me ?
Certainly . May I have your passport , please ? Here you are . Could you sign each cheque here for me ? Sure .
Here you are . Could you sign each cheque here for me ? Sure . Here are your receipt and your change , sir . Thank you .
Hello , ma ' am , can I help you find something ? Yes , actually I ' m looking to buy a camera . We ' Ve got a wide selection do you know if you ' d like a point-and-shoot , or something a little fancier ? Are you shopping for yourself or for someone else ? Actually I ' m buying a camera for my husband .
Yes , actually I ' m looking to buy a camera . We ' Ve got a wide selection do you know if you ' d like a point-and-shoot , or something a little fancier ? Are you shopping for yourself or for someone else ? Actually I ' m buying a camera for my husband . Ah , well then I ' d recommend a nice entry-level digital SLR .
We ' Ve got a wide selection do you know if you ' d like a point-and-shoot , or something a little fancier ? Are you shopping for yourself or for someone else ? Actually I ' m buying a camera for my husband . Ah , well then I ' d recommend a nice entry-level digital SLR . Yeah ? Can I take a look at the Sirs you carry ?
Actually I ' m buying a camera for my husband . Ah , well then I ' d recommend a nice entry-level digital SLR . Yeah ? Can I take a look at the Sirs you carry ? Sure thing , follow me . This here is the .
Ah , well then I ' d recommend a nice entry-level digital SLR . Yeah ? Can I take a look at the Sirs you carry ? Sure thing , follow me . This here is the . The Canon Eos . Yeah it ' s ok , but I ' m looking for something that performs better in low light , has a better display panel , and longer battery life .
Yeah ? Can I take a look at the Sirs you carry ? Sure thing , follow me . This here is the . The Canon Eos . Yeah it ' s ok , but I ' m looking for something that performs better in low light , has a better display panel , and longer battery life . Oh , ah , um the Nikon D60 is a nice option .
Sure thing , follow me . This here is the . The Canon Eos . Yeah it ' s ok , but I ' m looking for something that performs better in low light , has a better display panel , and longer battery life . Oh , ah , um the Nikon D60 is a nice option . Yeah , but what kit lens does this camera come with ? I don ' t want some bulky telephoto lens .
The Canon Eos . Yeah it ' s ok , but I ' m looking for something that performs better in low light , has a better display panel , and longer battery life . Oh , ah , um the Nikon D60 is a nice option . Yeah , but what kit lens does this camera come with ? I don ' t want some bulky telephoto lens . Oh , well this one has the , uh .
Oh , ah , um the Nikon D60 is a nice option . Yeah , but what kit lens does this camera come with ? I don ' t want some bulky telephoto lens . Oh , well this one has the , uh . Looks to me like an 18-55 mm lens . pretty standard , that will do . Not like my husband will be stalking celebrities or anything !
Yeah , but what kit lens does this camera come with ? I don ' t want some bulky telephoto lens . Oh , well this one has the , uh . Looks to me like an 18-55 mm lens . pretty standard , that will do . Not like my husband will be stalking celebrities or anything ! So , ahem , can I interest you in any acc ...
Oh , well this one has the , uh . Looks to me like an 18-55 mm lens . pretty standard , that will do . Not like my husband will be stalking celebrities or anything ! So , ahem , can I interest you in any acc ... Accessories ? Do you carry polarizing filters ?
Looks to me like an 18-55 mm lens . pretty standard , that will do . Not like my husband will be stalking celebrities or anything ! So , ahem , can I interest you in any acc ... Accessories ? Do you carry polarizing filters ? Polarizing filter um we should ! I ' m sorry , ma ' am . It looks like we ' re sold out .
So , ahem , can I interest you in any acc ... Accessories ? Do you carry polarizing filters ? Polarizing filter um we should ! I ' m sorry , ma ' am . It looks like we ' re sold out . No you ' re not ! There are some right here !
Accessories ? Do you carry polarizing filters ? Polarizing filter um we should ! I ' m sorry , ma ' am . It looks like we ' re sold out . No you ' re not ! There are some right here ! Oh , well , would you look at that ! Polarizing filters .
Polarizing filter um we should ! I ' m sorry , ma ' am . It looks like we ' re sold out . No you ' re not ! There are some right here ! Oh , well , would you look at that ! Polarizing filters . Thanks for your help , Ralph !
How's the bride-to-be ? Tired and stressed . This wedding is giving me a headache . Just relax . With me as your maid of honor , everything will be fine ! I'm worried that everything will be chaotic !
Tired and stressed . This wedding is giving me a headache . Just relax . With me as your maid of honor , everything will be fine ! I'm worried that everything will be chaotic ! Hey ! I'm the tour guide . I'll take care of the Taiwanese guests .
Just relax . With me as your maid of honor , everything will be fine ! I'm worried that everything will be chaotic ! Hey ! I'm the tour guide . I'll take care of the Taiwanese guests . You're going to have to tell them what to do in church , what everything means ...
Honey , I have something important to say . Something important ? Yes . I have just booked two tickets . Tickets ? What tickets ?
Something important ? Yes . I have just booked two tickets . Tickets ? What tickets ? Two air tickets .
Yes . I have just booked two tickets . Tickets ? What tickets ? Two air tickets . Air tickets ?
Tickets ? What tickets ? Two air tickets . Air tickets ? Yes . We will fly to Paris the day after tomorrow .
Two air tickets . Air tickets ? Yes . We will fly to Paris the day after tomorrow . We ? The day after tomorrow ? What are you talking about ?
Air tickets ? Yes . We will fly to Paris the day after tomorrow . We ? The day after tomorrow ? What are you talking about ? Today is June 18 , isn ' t it ?
Yes . We will fly to Paris the day after tomorrow . We ? The day after tomorrow ? What are you talking about ? Today is June 18 , isn ' t it ? Yes . So ?
We ? The day after tomorrow ? What are you talking about ? Today is June 18 , isn ' t it ? Yes . So ? Think about it !
Today is June 18 , isn ' t it ? Yes . So ? Think about it ! Then it is June 20 the day after tomorrow .
Yes . So ? Think about it ! Then it is June 20 the day after tomorrow . Yes . Think about it carefully .
Think about it ! Then it is June 20 the day after tomorrow . Yes . Think about it carefully . Oh , come on . Tell me please . Why did you book tickets to Paris ?
Then it is June 20 the day after tomorrow . Yes . Think about it carefully . Oh , come on . Tell me please . Why did you book tickets to Paris ? Oh , honey ! Don ' t you remember this important day to us ?
Yes . Think about it carefully . Oh , come on . Tell me please . Why did you book tickets to Paris ? Oh , honey ! Don ' t you remember this important day to us ? Sorry .
Oh , come on . Tell me please . Why did you book tickets to Paris ? Oh , honey ! Don ' t you remember this important day to us ? Sorry . It is our 10th wedding anniversary this June 20 .
Oh , honey ! Don ' t you remember this important day to us ? Sorry . It is our 10th wedding anniversary this June 20 . Our 10th wedding anniversary ?
Sorry . It is our 10th wedding anniversary this June 20 . Our 10th wedding anniversary ? Of course . You completely forgot it .
It is our 10th wedding anniversary this June 20 . Our 10th wedding anniversary ? Of course . You completely forgot it . Darling . I think you have made a mistake .
Our 10th wedding anniversary ? Of course . You completely forgot it . Darling . I think you have made a mistake . I have made a mistake ?
Of course . You completely forgot it . Darling . I think you have made a mistake . I have made a mistake ? Yes . We married on July 20 ten years ago .
Darling . I think you have made a mistake . I have made a mistake ? Yes . We married on July 20 ten years ago . July 20 ? But I think it should be June 20 .
I have made a mistake ? Yes . We married on July 20 ten years ago . July 20 ? But I think it should be June 20 . Yes . We had planned to marry on June 20 , but something happened , so we had to put off our wedding day .
Yes . We married on July 20 ten years ago . July 20 ? But I think it should be June 20 . Yes . We had planned to marry on June 20 , but something happened , so we had to put off our wedding day . Yes . I remember now . We put it off . I did make a mistake . But how shall we deal with the tickets ?
It's quit a big cafeteria , isn't it ? Sure . I usually have my lunch here . The food is tasty and they offer a big variety . Let's line up . The steak is very inviting . I'll have it . I'll have ham and egg with French fries . What dessert do you want ?
Sure . I usually have my lunch here . The food is tasty and they offer a big variety . Let's line up . The steak is very inviting . I'll have it . I'll have ham and egg with French fries . What dessert do you want ? Banana pie .
Let's line up . The steak is very inviting . I'll have it . I'll have ham and egg with French fries . What dessert do you want ? Banana pie . Where shall we sit ?
Good afternoon . Can I help you ? I need some remedies for an upset stomach . Are you also suffering from pain and fever ? Yes , and I also have the runs
I need some remedies for an upset stomach . Are you also suffering from pain and fever ? Yes , and I also have the runs I'll give you some tablets that should make you feel better . One moment , please . Here you are . Take these tablets three times a day swallow them with water .
Are you also suffering from pain and fever ? Yes , and I also have the runs I'll give you some tablets that should make you feel better . One moment , please . Here you are . Take these tablets three times a day swallow them with water . When should I take them ?
Yes , and I also have the runs I'll give you some tablets that should make you feel better . One moment , please . Here you are . Take these tablets three times a day swallow them with water . When should I take them ? Take on after each meal .
I'll give you some tablets that should make you feel better . One moment , please . Here you are . Take these tablets three times a day swallow them with water . When should I take them ? Take on after each meal . How long should I continue taking them ?
When should I take them ? Take on after each meal . How long should I continue taking them ? Take them for two days . If your symptoms persist for more than two days , you should see a doctor Also , be sure to drink plenty of water to prevent dehydration .
Hi , Dan . What's new ? Where have you been ? I've been trying to get in touch with you for two days . I went to Salt Lake City on business . What's up ? I got fired .
Where have you been ? I've been trying to get in touch with you for two days . I went to Salt Lake City on business . What's up ? I got fired . How come ? Last time I saw you . You told me it was a good job , and you'd like to take it as a career . That was only one month ago . Why this sudden change ?
I went to Salt Lake City on business . What's up ? I got fired . How come ? Last time I saw you . You told me it was a good job , and you'd like to take it as a career . That was only one month ago . Why this sudden change ? It's a long story . In a word , I didn't do a good job of it . I messed up a business deal , a deal that would have made ten million dollars and I messed it up .
I got fired . How come ? Last time I saw you . You told me it was a good job , and you'd like to take it as a career . That was only one month ago . Why this sudden change ? It's a long story . In a word , I didn't do a good job of it . I messed up a business deal , a deal that would have made ten million dollars and I messed it up . What are you going to do now ?
How come ? Last time I saw you . You told me it was a good job , and you'd like to take it as a career . That was only one month ago . Why this sudden change ? It's a long story . In a word , I didn't do a good job of it . I messed up a business deal , a deal that would have made ten million dollars and I messed it up . What are you going to do now ? I am trying to find a job asap . Lily doesn't know yet . I didn't tell her . I spent the past three days at the coffee shop next to your office , and she thought I went to work as usual .
It's a long story . In a word , I didn't do a good job of it . I messed up a business deal , a deal that would have made ten million dollars and I messed it up . What are you going to do now ? I am trying to find a job asap . Lily doesn't know yet . I didn't tell her . I spent the past three days at the coffee shop next to your office , and she thought I went to work as usual . That's not the way to solve the problem . Did you look in the classified advertisements column ?
What are you going to do now ? I am trying to find a job asap . Lily doesn't know yet . I didn't tell her . I spent the past three days at the coffee shop next to your office , and she thought I went to work as usual . That's not the way to solve the problem . Did you look in the classified advertisements column ? Yes , I did . But I wasn't qualified for most of the jobs that I was interested in .
I am trying to find a job asap . Lily doesn't know yet . I didn't tell her . I spent the past three days at the coffee shop next to your office , and she thought I went to work as usual . That's not the way to solve the problem . Did you look in the classified advertisements column ? Yes , I did . But I wasn't qualified for most of the jobs that I was interested in . Listen . I will see what I can do , ok ? You go home and tell Lily about this problem you have now . She is your wife and I am sure she will understand .
Excuse me , does this bus go to the new bookstore ? No , you'll have to get off at the bank , and take a No . 50 . Thank you . How much is the fare to that stop ? One dollar .
No , you'll have to get off at the bank , and take a No . 50 . Thank you . How much is the fare to that stop ? One dollar . How many stops are there ?
Thank you . How much is the fare to that stop ? One dollar . How many stops are there ? Two stops after this one .
One dollar . How many stops are there ? Two stops after this one . Could you please tell me when we get there ?
How many stops are there ? Two stops after this one . Could you please tell me when we get there ? Sure .
Two stops after this one . Could you please tell me when we get there ? Sure . By the way , do I need a transfer again after No . 50 ?
Could you please tell me when we get there ? Sure . By the way , do I need a transfer again after No . 50 ? No , a No . 50 will take you right there .
I will take it . How much ? $ 60 . I am sure you can do better than that . Sorry , sir . It's the sale price .
$ 60 . I am sure you can do better than that . Sorry , sir . It's the sale price . Well , what about $ 70 with a scarf ?
We have made some adjustment on the prices . And this is renewed price list . Thank you for allowing us 3 % reduction , but still we find your price is on the high side . This is our rock-bottom price , and we can't make any further reduction . If so , we find it difficult for us to go on with our talks .
Thank you for allowing us 3 % reduction , but still we find your price is on the high side . This is our rock-bottom price , and we can't make any further reduction . If so , we find it difficult for us to go on with our talks . Then what ' s your counter-offer ?
This is our rock-bottom price , and we can't make any further reduction . If so , we find it difficult for us to go on with our talks . Then what ' s your counter-offer ? This is our counter-offer .
If so , we find it difficult for us to go on with our talks . Then what ' s your counter-offer ? This is our counter-offer . We are sincere to make business with you , but the difference between your counter-offer and our price is too great .
Then what ' s your counter-offer ? This is our counter-offer . We are sincere to make business with you , but the difference between your counter-offer and our price is too great . So are we . Our counter-offer is in line with the world market .
This is our counter-offer . We are sincere to make business with you , but the difference between your counter-offer and our price is too great . So are we . Our counter-offer is in line with the world market . How about meeting each other half-way in order to conclude the business ?
Hello , sir , what can I do for you today ? Hello , I need a new suit . I have an important interview next week , so I really need to look sharp . No problem ! We have a broad selection of suits , all tailored made so that it will fit perfectly . Great ! I want a three piece suit , preferably made from Italian cashmere or wool .
Hello , I need a new suit . I have an important interview next week , so I really need to look sharp . No problem ! We have a broad selection of suits , all tailored made so that it will fit perfectly . Great ! I want a three piece suit , preferably made from Italian cashmere or wool . Very well sir . Would you like to have some shirts made also ?
No problem ! We have a broad selection of suits , all tailored made so that it will fit perfectly . Great ! I want a three piece suit , preferably made from Italian cashmere or wool . Very well sir . Would you like to have some shirts made also ? Sure . I ' ll also take some silver cuff link and a pair of silk ties .
Welcome to China , Mr . Smith . Thank you . So pleasant to meet you here ! I heard that you are interested in our silk skirts and new style of coats . Yes , I've brought a list of your recent products with me . We'd like to import some of your latest clothes for the second half of this year . We're ready to place an order with you .
Thank you . So pleasant to meet you here ! I heard that you are interested in our silk skirts and new style of coats . Yes , I've brought a list of your recent products with me . We'd like to import some of your latest clothes for the second half of this year . We're ready to place an order with you . Great ! B , most of the items listed are available this year . I hope we can come to an agreement and sign the contracts , so as to enable our timely delivery .
I heard that you are interested in our silk skirts and new style of coats . Yes , I've brought a list of your recent products with me . We'd like to import some of your latest clothes for the second half of this year . We're ready to place an order with you . Great ! B , most of the items listed are available this year . I hope we can come to an agreement and sign the contracts , so as to enable our timely delivery . That sounds good . But I have a proposal now .
Yes , I've brought a list of your recent products with me . We'd like to import some of your latest clothes for the second half of this year . We're ready to place an order with you . Great ! B , most of the items listed are available this year . I hope we can come to an agreement and sign the contracts , so as to enable our timely delivery . That sounds good . But I have a proposal now . What's the proposal ?
Great ! B , most of the items listed are available this year . I hope we can come to an agreement and sign the contracts , so as to enable our timely delivery . That sounds good . But I have a proposal now . What's the proposal ? Both of our two parties were involved in the discussion previously . Shall we also allow some of our clients to join us ?
That sounds good . But I have a proposal now . What's the proposal ? Both of our two parties were involved in the discussion previously . Shall we also allow some of our clients to join us ? Good idea ! In this way , our clients ' needs will be met and disagreements between the two parties avoided .
Are you free tomorrow night ? Yes , I am . Shall we have dinner together ? Do you have a special restaurant in mind ?
Yes , I am . Shall we have dinner together ? Do you have a special restaurant in mind ? Yes , I do . I know a place that has excellent food .
Hi , Tina , I ' Ve got good news . I have successfully passed the first two rounds of interview with ABC Company . They informed me to go to the final round next Monday . It looks very promising . That is awesome . Congratulation ! I know you can make it . Thanks . Let ' s go for a celebration this evening . Are you free ? Yes . Wait for me at the cafe down my office building . See 5PM , ok ?
That is awesome . Congratulation ! I know you can make it . Thanks . Let ' s go for a celebration this evening . Are you free ? Yes . Wait for me at the cafe down my office building . See 5PM , ok ? No problem . See you !
Sarah , what did you do today ? I went shopping . Did you buy anything ? Yes , I bought a few things .
I went shopping . Did you buy anything ? Yes , I bought a few things . What did you buy ?
Did you buy anything ? Yes , I bought a few things . What did you buy ? I bought this coat . Do you like it ?
Yes , I bought a few things . What did you buy ? I bought this coat . Do you like it ? Yeah , I like it a lot . It's very pretty . Where did you buy it ?
What did you buy ? I bought this coat . Do you like it ? Yeah , I like it a lot . It's very pretty . Where did you buy it ? At the mall on 5th street .
I bought this coat . Do you like it ? Yeah , I like it a lot . It's very pretty . Where did you buy it ? At the mall on 5th street . Was it expensive ?
Yeah , I like it a lot . It's very pretty . Where did you buy it ? At the mall on 5th street . Was it expensive ? No , it wasn't expensive . It was on sale for 20 dollars .
At the mall on 5th street . Was it expensive ? No , it wasn't expensive . It was on sale for 20 dollars . That's cheap .
Was it expensive ? No , it wasn't expensive . It was on sale for 20 dollars . That's cheap . I know . It was a really good deal .
Hi , Victor . How are you ? Oh , I'm fine . So , are you going to go to class tonight ? Maybe ... but I don't think so .
Oh , I'm fine . So , are you going to go to class tonight ? Maybe ... but I don't think so . Really ? What's the matter ?
So , are you going to go to class tonight ? Maybe ... but I don't think so . Really ? What's the matter ? I don't know . I'm just feeling a little sad .
Maybe ... but I don't think so . Really ? What's the matter ? I don't know . I'm just feeling a little sad . Listen . Come with me to class , and after class we can go out for dinner .
Are you interested in history ? Yes , I am . I enjoyed studying it at school , though I had trouble remembering all the dates , so my teacher never gave me good marks . I love history , but I ' Ve always thought that learning the reasons behind events is more important than remembering exactly when they happened . I wish you had been my history teacher ! I might have got better marks !
Yes , I am . I enjoyed studying it at school , though I had trouble remembering all the dates , so my teacher never gave me good marks . I love history , but I ' Ve always thought that learning the reasons behind events is more important than remembering exactly when they happened . I wish you had been my history teacher ! I might have got better marks ! Some people say that history repeats itself .
I love history , but I ' Ve always thought that learning the reasons behind events is more important than remembering exactly when they happened . I wish you had been my history teacher ! I might have got better marks ! Some people say that history repeats itself . What does that mean ? The same events never happen twice , do they ?
I wish you had been my history teacher ! I might have got better marks ! Some people say that history repeats itself . What does that mean ? The same events never happen twice , do they ? The idea is that the people and dates change , but the reason why things happen stay the same .
I ' d like to apply for a personal loan . How much would you like to borrow ? A thousand dollars . Let me check with a credit manager . A record show your credit reading is quite high . I don't think you have any problems .
How much would you like to borrow ? A thousand dollars . Let me check with a credit manager . A record show your credit reading is quite high . I don't think you have any problems . What ' s the current interest rate ?
Doris , I'm glad you're home . I'm terrified . I don't know what to do ! What is it ? What happened ? I think someone is stalking me . No , it can't be . Really ? Who ?
What is it ? What happened ? I think someone is stalking me . No , it can't be . Really ? Who ? I don't know . I saw him the first time Tuesday . He was at the cafe . I noticed he was looking at me a lot . Not just the usual looking , but staring . He just kept staring at me . He didn't stop .
I think someone is stalking me . No , it can't be . Really ? Who ? I don't know . I saw him the first time Tuesday . He was at the cafe . I noticed he was looking at me a lot . Not just the usual looking , but staring . He just kept staring at me . He didn't stop . What did you do ?
No , it can't be . Really ? Who ? I don't know . I saw him the first time Tuesday . He was at the cafe . I noticed he was looking at me a lot . Not just the usual looking , but staring . He just kept staring at me . He didn't stop . What did you do ? I didn't do anything . Finally , he left . But then I saw him again today . Outside the shoe store . Near the cafe . I went into a CD store and pretended I was looking at CD's . But then he came in too .
I don't know . I saw him the first time Tuesday . He was at the cafe . I noticed he was looking at me a lot . Not just the usual looking , but staring . He just kept staring at me . He didn't stop . What did you do ? I didn't do anything . Finally , he left . But then I saw him again today . Outside the shoe store . Near the cafe . I went into a CD store and pretended I was looking at CD's . But then he came in too . Did he leave when you left ?
What did you do ? I didn't do anything . Finally , he left . But then I saw him again today . Outside the shoe store . Near the cafe . I went into a CD store and pretended I was looking at CD's . But then he came in too . Did he leave when you left ? Yes . Then I noticed he was on the sidewalk behind me . He was following me .
Hi , who has the remote control ? I do . Why , do you want me to change the channel ? Yes , please . I can't stand watching the channel any more . I think they have pretty good programmes . But I'll change it if you really want .
I do . Why , do you want me to change the channel ? Yes , please . I can't stand watching the channel any more . I think they have pretty good programmes . But I'll change it if you really want . Put it on Channel 5 , OK ?
Yes , please . I can't stand watching the channel any more . I think they have pretty good programmes . But I'll change it if you really want . Put it on Channel 5 , OK ? Oh , I hate Channel 5 . I'd rather just listen to the radio .
I think they have pretty good programmes . But I'll change it if you really want . Put it on Channel 5 , OK ? Oh , I hate Channel 5 . I'd rather just listen to the radio . Don't make such a fuss . I'm sure you will like today's programme .
Put it on Channel 5 , OK ? Oh , I hate Channel 5 . I'd rather just listen to the radio . Don't make such a fuss . I'm sure you will like today's programme . What's on today ?
Oh , I hate Channel 5 . I'd rather just listen to the radio . Don't make such a fuss . I'm sure you will like today's programme . What's on today ? A basketball match between Chinese team and American team .
Don't make such a fuss . I'm sure you will like today's programme . What's on today ? A basketball match between Chinese team and American team . Really ? I'm interested in it .
What's the weather forecast for today ? Cloudy in the morning , overcast in the afternoon . Any rain ? No , but I wouldn't be surprised if it rained tomorrow .
So , Paula , where are you from ? I'm from Canada , originally . From Canada ? Where were you born ? Montreal .
I'm from Canada , originally . From Canada ? Where were you born ? Montreal . When did you come to Los Angeles ?
From Canada ? Where were you born ? Montreal . When did you come to Los Angeles ? We moved here when I was fourteen .
Montreal . When did you come to Los Angeles ? We moved here when I was fourteen . Did you go to school here ?
When did you come to Los Angeles ? We moved here when I was fourteen . Did you go to school here ? Well , I went to high school here , but I went to college in Texas .
We moved here when I was fourteen . Did you go to school here ? Well , I went to high school here , but I went to college in Texas . Did you get a job right after graduation ?
Did you go to school here ? Well , I went to high school here , but I went to college in Texas . Did you get a job right after graduation ? No , I traveled for a while in Europe after college , and then I lived in France .
Well , I went to high school here , but I went to college in Texas . Did you get a job right after graduation ? No , I traveled for a while in Europe after college , and then I lived in France . When was that ?
Did you get a job right after graduation ? No , I traveled for a while in Europe after college , and then I lived in France . When was that ? Let's see ... That was about six years ago .
No , I traveled for a while in Europe after college , and then I lived in France . When was that ? Let's see ... That was about six years ago . I bet that was interesting . What did you do there ?
Hello , Sir . So , you are back ? Yes , hello again . I would like to know the exact difference between Dividend Deposit and Dividend Participated Deposit . That's pretty easy to explain . With the Deposit , the interest is fixed , but the Dividend of each policy will be transferred automatically into your bank account by the end of each year . The longer the term , the higher the Dividend you earn . This is because it is calculated at the Compound Interest Rate . And I can purchase that here ?
I can't believe how hot it is . It's not even noon yet . That means it will get hotter . I am dying from the heat .
It's not even noon yet . That means it will get hotter . I am dying from the heat . Turn on the air conditioner .
That means it will get hotter . I am dying from the heat . Turn on the air conditioner . It doesn't work .
I am dying from the heat . Turn on the air conditioner . It doesn't work . What happened ?
Turn on the air conditioner . It doesn't work . What happened ? I don't know .
It doesn't work . What happened ? I don't know . Did you call the repairman ?
What happened ? I don't know . Did you call the repairman ? Of course .
I don't know . Did you call the repairman ? Of course . When is he coming ?
Please tell me how to file things according to the concerned rules . Well , all right . There are four points you should keep in mind when you file documents , information and other things . What are they ? They are keep the documents in chronological order , remove all the chips and pins , punch the documents evenly and place them in the folder .
Well , all right . There are four points you should keep in mind when you file documents , information and other things . What are they ? They are keep the documents in chronological order , remove all the chips and pins , punch the documents evenly and place them in the folder . And what is the most important point ?
May I come in ? Yes , please . I ' m Mr . Peter , the Director of Personnel . What can I do for you ? Nice to meet you , Mr . Peter . I ' m Wang Sian . I ' Ve come for an interview as requested . Oh , yes . How do you do , Miss Wang ? Sit down , please .
Yes , please . I ' m Mr . Peter , the Director of Personnel . What can I do for you ? Nice to meet you , Mr . Peter . I ' m Wang Sian . I ' Ve come for an interview as requested . Oh , yes . How do you do , Miss Wang ? Sit down , please . Thank you .
Nice to meet you , Mr . Peter . I ' m Wang Sian . I ' Ve come for an interview as requested . Oh , yes . How do you do , Miss Wang ? Sit down , please . Thank you . What was your major in school ?
Oh , yes . How do you do , Miss Wang ? Sit down , please . Thank you . What was your major in school ? I majored in Public Relations .
Thank you . What was your major in school ? I majored in Public Relations . Have you done any work in this field ?
What was your major in school ? I majored in Public Relations . Have you done any work in this field ? Yes , after my graduation , I worked in a trade company in Macao for one year .
I majored in Public Relations . Have you done any work in this field ? Yes , after my graduation , I worked in a trade company in Macao for one year . What section did you work in ?
Have you done any work in this field ? Yes , after my graduation , I worked in a trade company in Macao for one year . What section did you work in ? The export Business Section .
Yes , after my graduation , I worked in a trade company in Macao for one year . What section did you work in ? The export Business Section . So you must be very familiar with export procedures .
What section did you work in ? The export Business Section . So you must be very familiar with export procedures . Yes , very much .
Why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend ? Sorry , I thought you knew . But you should tell me you were in love with her . Didn't I ?
Sorry , I thought you knew . But you should tell me you were in love with her . Didn't I ? You know you didn't .
But you should tell me you were in love with her . Didn't I ? You know you didn't . Well , I am telling you now .
Didn't I ? You know you didn't . Well , I am telling you now . Yes , but you might have told me before .
You know you didn't . Well , I am telling you now . Yes , but you might have told me before . I didn't think you would be interested .
Well , I am telling you now . Yes , but you might have told me before . I didn't think you would be interested . You can't be serious . How dare you not tell me you are going to marry her ?
Yes , but you might have told me before . I didn't think you would be interested . You can't be serious . How dare you not tell me you are going to marry her ? Sorry , I didn't think it mattered .
Excuse me , could you help me pick out a lotion ? Sure , what is the problem ? I got poison oak while hiking , and I need something to help me with the itching . I can suggest a product called Techne that comes in a lotion or cream .
Sure , what is the problem ? I got poison oak while hiking , and I need something to help me with the itching . I can suggest a product called Techne that comes in a lotion or cream . Which do you prefer ?
I got poison oak while hiking , and I need something to help me with the itching . I can suggest a product called Techne that comes in a lotion or cream . Which do you prefer ? Hikers tell me that the cream is best because it stays on longer .
I can suggest a product called Techne that comes in a lotion or cream . Which do you prefer ? Hikers tell me that the cream is best because it stays on longer . Is there anything else I can do to help with the itching ?
Which do you prefer ? Hikers tell me that the cream is best because it stays on longer . Is there anything else I can do to help with the itching ? You can take an antihistamine .
Hikers tell me that the cream is best because it stays on longer . Is there anything else I can do to help with the itching ? You can take an antihistamine . Thank you so much for all of the information .
hi , darling ! I have a one-month vacation saved up . How about a trip to Europe ? I could go for that . But I'm afraid our budget is a little tight this year . oh , but I really need to leave this town for a change . Working day after day has worn me out . Do you have any other suggestions ? we should probably think about going somewhere that isn't too far away . How about the countryside ? There must be many interesting places , and we could enjoy the fresh air and the delicious local spec
I could go for that . But I'm afraid our budget is a little tight this year . oh , but I really need to leave this town for a change . Working day after day has worn me out . Do you have any other suggestions ? we should probably think about going somewhere that isn't too far away . How about the countryside ? There must be many interesting places , and we could enjoy the fresh air and the delicious local spec wonderful ! I think that's a great idea . How soon until we can make this happen ? I can't wait !
oh , but I really need to leave this town for a change . Working day after day has worn me out . Do you have any other suggestions ? we should probably think about going somewhere that isn't too far away . How about the countryside ? There must be many interesting places , and we could enjoy the fresh air and the delicious local spec wonderful ! I think that's a great idea . How soon until we can make this happen ? I can't wait ! tomorrow I have an appointment with my dentist . What about next Monday ?
we should probably think about going somewhere that isn't too far away . How about the countryside ? There must be many interesting places , and we could enjoy the fresh air and the delicious local spec wonderful ! I think that's a great idea . How soon until we can make this happen ? I can't wait ! tomorrow I have an appointment with my dentist . What about next Monday ? perfect . I'll start preparing tomorrow . If we're going to drive , I'll need to fill up the tank .
wonderful ! I think that's a great idea . How soon until we can make this happen ? I can't wait ! tomorrow I have an appointment with my dentist . What about next Monday ? perfect . I'll start preparing tomorrow . If we're going to drive , I'll need to fill up the tank . no need . I think it's still plenty full . Even so , I'd rather travel by bus or train . It would cost much less than driving . Oil prices are soaring nowadays , you know .
tomorrow I have an appointment with my dentist . What about next Monday ? perfect . I'll start preparing tomorrow . If we're going to drive , I'll need to fill up the tank . no need . I think it's still plenty full . Even so , I'd rather travel by bus or train . It would cost much less than driving . Oil prices are soaring nowadays , you know . we can take the train , that will be faster . I'll book the tickets tomorrow morning .
perfect . I'll start preparing tomorrow . If we're going to drive , I'll need to fill up the tank . no need . I think it's still plenty full . Even so , I'd rather travel by bus or train . It would cost much less than driving . Oil prices are soaring nowadays , you know . we can take the train , that will be faster . I'll book the tickets tomorrow morning . great ! Oh , one more thing , don't forget to check the weather before we go . I'd hate to get caught in the rain .
no need . I think it's still plenty full . Even so , I'd rather travel by bus or train . It would cost much less than driving . Oil prices are soaring nowadays , you know . we can take the train , that will be faster . I'll book the tickets tomorrow morning . great ! Oh , one more thing , don't forget to check the weather before we go . I'd hate to get caught in the rain . no problem . I'm really looking forward to the coming week .
Good afternoon . I'd like to speak with Tom Smith . I'm afraid he's away from his desk at the moment . Do you know when he will be back ? He's away on a business trip . He won't be back until some time next week .
I'm afraid he's away from his desk at the moment . Do you know when he will be back ? He's away on a business trip . He won't be back until some time next week . Is there some way I can get into contact with him ?
Do you know when he will be back ? He's away on a business trip . He won't be back until some time next week . Is there some way I can get into contact with him ? The best way to reach him is by cell phone . I'll give you his number .
He's away on a business trip . He won't be back until some time next week . Is there some way I can get into contact with him ? The best way to reach him is by cell phone . I'll give you his number . Thanks . And could I have his e-mail , just in case I can't get him by phone ?
Is there some way I can get into contact with him ? The best way to reach him is by cell phone . I'll give you his number . Thanks . And could I have his e-mail , just in case I can't get him by phone ? Sure . His cell phone is 09112223 33 . And his e-mail is lower case t , smith--that's one word , at , c , c , w , dot , com , dot , t , w .
The best way to reach him is by cell phone . I'll give you his number . Thanks . And could I have his e-mail , just in case I can't get him by phone ? Sure . His cell phone is 09112223 33 . And his e-mail is lower case t , smith--that's one word , at , c , c , w , dot , com , dot , t , w . Thank you so much . Does he read his e-mails daily ?
Thanks . And could I have his e-mail , just in case I can't get him by phone ? Sure . His cell phone is 09112223 33 . And his e-mail is lower case t , smith--that's one word , at , c , c , w , dot , com , dot , t , w . Thank you so much . Does he read his e-mails daily ? Yes . He usually replies immediately .
Sure . His cell phone is 09112223 33 . And his e-mail is lower case t , smith--that's one word , at , c , c , w , dot , com , dot , t , w . Thank you so much . Does he read his e-mails daily ? Yes . He usually replies immediately . Great . Thanks again . You've been very helpful .
It seldom rains this summer . Yeah , some places are very short of water . Because of pollution and other things , our environment has become worse and worse . You see , This time I traveled to the West . When I looked out of the windows of the rain , all the lands that I could see are as dry as a bone .
Have any plans for the weekend , Tom ? Yeah , I ' m going for a hike in the southern Rocky Mountains . Oh , do you go hiking often ? I go as much as I can . I love hiking because you can really get in touch with nature .
Yeah , I ' m going for a hike in the southern Rocky Mountains . Oh , do you go hiking often ? I go as much as I can . I love hiking because you can really get in touch with nature . It would be nice to get out of the city . Do you want some company ?
Oh , do you go hiking often ? I go as much as I can . I love hiking because you can really get in touch with nature . It would be nice to get out of the city . Do you want some company ? Sure . But , it will be a long hike , 30 miles in three days . Have you been hiking before ?
I go as much as I can . I love hiking because you can really get in touch with nature . It would be nice to get out of the city . Do you want some company ? Sure . But , it will be a long hike , 30 miles in three days . Have you been hiking before ? Yeah , I go a lot too . I saw a bear and a mountain lion on my last hike .
It would be nice to get out of the city . Do you want some company ? Sure . But , it will be a long hike , 30 miles in three days . Have you been hiking before ? Yeah , I go a lot too . I saw a bear and a mountain lion on my last hike . Wow ! You must have been pretty far away from the city .
Sure . But , it will be a long hike , 30 miles in three days . Have you been hiking before ? Yeah , I go a lot too . I saw a bear and a mountain lion on my last hike . Wow ! You must have been pretty far away from the city . Yeah , my friend and I hiked in a very wild part of the national forest .
Yeah , I go a lot too . I saw a bear and a mountain lion on my last hike . Wow ! You must have been pretty far away from the city . Yeah , my friend and I hiked in a very wild part of the national forest . Well , bring him along too . We ' ll have a great time this weekend .
Lin's office supplies . How may I direct your call ? Marry Lin please . Sure , just a moment . ... I'm sorry no one answer the phone . All right , could I leave a message ?
Marry Lin please . Sure , just a moment . ... I'm sorry no one answer the phone . All right , could I leave a message ? Certainly !
What kind of personality do you think you have ? I'm quite active and energetic . I approach things enthusiastically and I don't like to leave things half-done . Do you think you are introverted or extroverted ? I'm quite outgoing i think . I enjoy mixing and doing things with others .
I'm quite active and energetic . I approach things enthusiastically and I don't like to leave things half-done . Do you think you are introverted or extroverted ? I'm quite outgoing i think . I enjoy mixing and doing things with others . What do you think is the most important thing for you to be happy ?
Do you think you are introverted or extroverted ? I'm quite outgoing i think . I enjoy mixing and doing things with others . What do you think is the most important thing for you to be happy ? I maintain that the most important thing is having good friends . A person can't live all by himself I think . A friend in need is a friend in deed . The more really close friends I have , the better .
I'm quite outgoing i think . I enjoy mixing and doing things with others . What do you think is the most important thing for you to be happy ? I maintain that the most important thing is having good friends . A person can't live all by himself I think . A friend in need is a friend in deed . The more really close friends I have , the better . What kind of people do you like to work with ?
Hey Stacy . What's going on ? I'm pretty tired these days . Why ? You're not working so don't you have a lot of time on your hands ? I have so much house work to do . I have to take care of the kids , cook , clean , laundry , and the cycle never ends .
I'm pretty tired these days . Why ? You're not working so don't you have a lot of time on your hands ? I have so much house work to do . I have to take care of the kids , cook , clean , laundry , and the cycle never ends . How about your husband . Does he help much ?
Why ? You're not working so don't you have a lot of time on your hands ? I have so much house work to do . I have to take care of the kids , cook , clean , laundry , and the cycle never ends . How about your husband . Does he help much ? Not at all . He comes home and complains about his hard day at work . He expects me to do everything . He even wants me to feed him sometimes . Can you believe that ?
I have so much house work to do . I have to take care of the kids , cook , clean , laundry , and the cycle never ends . How about your husband . Does he help much ? Not at all . He comes home and complains about his hard day at work . He expects me to do everything . He even wants me to feed him sometimes . Can you believe that ? That sucks .
How about your husband . Does he help much ? Not at all . He comes home and complains about his hard day at work . He expects me to do everything . He even wants me to feed him sometimes . Can you believe that ? That sucks . If he wasn't so lazy , I think I wouldn't have any complaints . He mows the lawn , but can you believe he tried to convince me to do it ?
Not at all . He comes home and complains about his hard day at work . He expects me to do everything . He even wants me to feed him sometimes . Can you believe that ? That sucks . If he wasn't so lazy , I think I wouldn't have any complaints . He mows the lawn , but can you believe he tried to convince me to do it ? That's crossing the line .
Hi , I think I was supposed to call for my test results today . If you go onto our website and put in your password , you can access your test results . Are you saying that there weren ' t any problems ? I will always have you come in for a discussion if there is a major problem .
If you go onto our website and put in your password , you can access your test results . Are you saying that there weren ' t any problems ? I will always have you come in for a discussion if there is a major problem . Will I be able to read the results on the website and understand them ?
Are you saying that there weren ' t any problems ? I will always have you come in for a discussion if there is a major problem . Will I be able to read the results on the website and understand them ? Yes , if you go there , you can see what each test is about .
I will always have you come in for a discussion if there is a major problem . Will I be able to read the results on the website and understand them ? Yes , if you go there , you can see what each test is about . How will I know what the numbers mean ?
Will I be able to read the results on the website and understand them ? Yes , if you go there , you can see what each test is about . How will I know what the numbers mean ? You can see your results and how they compare to the normal range .
Yes , if you go there , you can see what each test is about . How will I know what the numbers mean ? You can see your results and how they compare to the normal range . How can I see test results from tests I have taken before ?
I would like to buy a black suit . Do you have any special brand in your mind ? No , I never wear suit in my everyday life . I just want one to take part in my sister ' s wedding ceremony . I see . Have a look at this one . It ' s very cheap because it ' s not very durable .
Do you have any special brand in your mind ? No , I never wear suit in my everyday life . I just want one to take part in my sister ' s wedding ceremony . I see . Have a look at this one . It ' s very cheap because it ' s not very durable . but it looks good . Let me try it on .
Believe it or not , tea is the most popular beverage in the world after water . Well , people from Asia to Europe all enjoy tea . Right . And China is the homeland of tea . Yes , Chinese people love drinking tea so much . Some even claim they can't live without tea .
Well , people from Asia to Europe all enjoy tea . Right . And China is the homeland of tea . Yes , Chinese people love drinking tea so much . Some even claim they can't live without tea . Do you know there are several catagories of Chinese tea ?
Right . And China is the homeland of tea . Yes , Chinese people love drinking tea so much . Some even claim they can't live without tea . Do you know there are several catagories of Chinese tea ? Yes , I believe there are green teas , black teas and scented teas . Any Others ?
Yes , Chinese people love drinking tea so much . Some even claim they can't live without tea . Do you know there are several catagories of Chinese tea ? Yes , I believe there are green teas , black teas and scented teas . Any Others ? Well , have you ever heard of Oulong tea and compressed tea ?
Do you know there are several catagories of Chinese tea ? Yes , I believe there are green teas , black teas and scented teas . Any Others ? Well , have you ever heard of Oulong tea and compressed tea ? Oh , yeah . Oulong tea is good for one's health . isn't it ?
Yes , I believe there are green teas , black teas and scented teas . Any Others ? Well , have you ever heard of Oulong tea and compressed tea ? Oh , yeah . Oulong tea is good for one's health . isn't it ? You surely know a lot about Chinese tea .
Well , have you ever heard of Oulong tea and compressed tea ? Oh , yeah . Oulong tea is good for one's health . isn't it ? You surely know a lot about Chinese tea . Sure , I like drinking tea at teahouses .
Oh , yeah . Oulong tea is good for one's health . isn't it ? You surely know a lot about Chinese tea . Sure , I like drinking tea at teahouses . Oh , so do I .
You surely know a lot about Chinese tea . Sure , I like drinking tea at teahouses . Oh , so do I . Why don't we go for one now ?
Sure , I like drinking tea at teahouses . Oh , so do I . Why don't we go for one now ? Great . We can chat while enjoying a cup there .
Which university did you graduate from ? I graduated from Peking University . What was your major at university ? I studied economics , I am especially interested in the economic development of China .
I graduated from Peking University . What was your major at university ? I studied economics , I am especially interested in the economic development of China . What course did you like best ?
What was your major at university ? I studied economics , I am especially interested in the economic development of China . What course did you like best ? I like Business Management , and i think it's very useful for the present work .
I studied economics , I am especially interested in the economic development of China . What course did you like best ? I like Business Management , and i think it's very useful for the present work . What do you think is the relationship between the subjects you've taken and the job you are seeking ?
Here you are . You left the medicine here . Sorry . I was too worried . I firmly believe that you love your brother very much . Absolutely . By the way , do you sell any traditional Chinese medicine ?
Sorry . I was too worried . I firmly believe that you love your brother very much . Absolutely . By the way , do you sell any traditional Chinese medicine ? Yes , we have some Chinese medicine for common cold .
I firmly believe that you love your brother very much . Absolutely . By the way , do you sell any traditional Chinese medicine ? Yes , we have some Chinese medicine for common cold . I heard Chinese medicine has a better lasting effect in cure .
The hotel operator . Anything I can do for you ? I've been trying to get through to the booking office for the last ten minutes . But the line has been engaged all the time . Why is it taking so long ? I'm sorry to hear that . I'm afraid it is often the case during the peak hours . Shall I ask them to call you when the line is free ? OK . Please do so if it is not troublesome .
I've been trying to get through to the booking office for the last ten minutes . But the line has been engaged all the time . Why is it taking so long ? I'm sorry to hear that . I'm afraid it is often the case during the peak hours . Shall I ask them to call you when the line is free ? OK . Please do so if it is not troublesome . No trouble at all . May I know your name and room number ?
I'm sorry to hear that . I'm afraid it is often the case during the peak hours . Shall I ask them to call you when the line is free ? OK . Please do so if it is not troublesome . No trouble at all . May I know your name and room number ? I'm Du Juan , in Room 312 .
OK . Please do so if it is not troublesome . No trouble at all . May I know your name and room number ? I'm Du Juan , in Room 312 . I see . Wait in the room , please .
For the 100th anniversary of the opening of the library we are going to have a party . That's a wonderful way to celebrate this grand old library ! I hoped you would be willing to brainstorm with me for party ideas . That is right up my alley . You say party and I'm there .
That's a wonderful way to celebrate this grand old library ! I hoped you would be willing to brainstorm with me for party ideas . That is right up my alley . You say party and I'm there . Perfect . It will be open to the public and we anticipate roughly about five to seven hundred people .
I hoped you would be willing to brainstorm with me for party ideas . That is right up my alley . You say party and I'm there . Perfect . It will be open to the public and we anticipate roughly about five to seven hundred people . Will it be an all day event ?
That is right up my alley . You say party and I'm there . Perfect . It will be open to the public and we anticipate roughly about five to seven hundred people . Will it be an all day event ? Yes . And we checked with the city and we have permission to use the park adjacent to the library .
Look ! Mom , that's amazing ! I can't believe the girls have so neat movements . Yeah , they all received very strict training . A minute on the stage takes ten-year practice . And all their movements are so elegant . It seems like dancing in the water . Exactly , you know , water ballet puts dancing , music and swimming together .
Yeah , they all received very strict training . A minute on the stage takes ten-year practice . And all their movements are so elegant . It seems like dancing in the water . Exactly , you know , water ballet puts dancing , music and swimming together . There you go ! Daddy has told me that water ballet is also called Synchronized Swimming .
And all their movements are so elegant . It seems like dancing in the water . Exactly , you know , water ballet puts dancing , music and swimming together . There you go ! Daddy has told me that water ballet is also called Synchronized Swimming . That's my boy ! Katherine Curtis created this activity in 1920 . And in 1984 , it was authorized as one activity in Olympic Games .
Exactly , you know , water ballet puts dancing , music and swimming together . There you go ! Daddy has told me that water ballet is also called Synchronized Swimming . That's my boy ! Katherine Curtis created this activity in 1920 . And in 1984 , it was authorized as one activity in Olympic Games . Wow , Mom is more knowledgeable than Dad . I must learn from you .
There you go ! Daddy has told me that water ballet is also called Synchronized Swimming . That's my boy ! Katherine Curtis created this activity in 1920 . And in 1984 , it was authorized as one activity in Olympic Games . Wow , Mom is more knowledgeable than Dad . I must learn from you . My little boy , you should learn more from me . I'm almost thirty years older than you .
That's my boy ! Katherine Curtis created this activity in 1920 . And in 1984 , it was authorized as one activity in Olympic Games . Wow , Mom is more knowledgeable than Dad . I must learn from you . My little boy , you should learn more from me . I'm almost thirty years older than you . OK , you're the boss . Look , Mom , one guy has just jumped into the swimming pool .
I really need to start eating healthier . I have to start eating better too . What kind of food do you usually eat ? I try my best to eat only fruits , vegetables , and chicken .
I have to start eating better too . What kind of food do you usually eat ? I try my best to eat only fruits , vegetables , and chicken . Is that really all that you eat ?
What kind of food do you usually eat ? I try my best to eat only fruits , vegetables , and chicken . Is that really all that you eat ? That's basically it .
I try my best to eat only fruits , vegetables , and chicken . Is that really all that you eat ? That's basically it . How do you stick to only those foods ?
Is that really all that you eat ? That's basically it . How do you stick to only those foods ? Actually , fruits and veggies are really good for you .
That's basically it . How do you stick to only those foods ? Actually , fruits and veggies are really good for you . Yeah , I know , but what about the chicken ?
How do you stick to only those foods ? Actually , fruits and veggies are really good for you . Yeah , I know , but what about the chicken ? I mainly eat baked chicken , because there's not a lot of fat .
Actually , fruits and veggies are really good for you . Yeah , I know , but what about the chicken ? I mainly eat baked chicken , because there's not a lot of fat . That does sound pretty good .
All right . I want to bring everybody back on this subject . When can we start working on this ? Well , we could probably get started with a preparatory meeting this afternoon at 2:00 . I tell you what , 2:00 is not available for me , but you can get started and I'll come by at around 3:00 That's fine with me . How much time are we going to have to work on this ?
Do you have a free moment ? Sure . What do you need ? I'm having some trouble . How do you use this printer ? Well , first you have to turn this switch on .
Sure . What do you need ? I'm having some trouble . How do you use this printer ? Well , first you have to turn this switch on . Silly me .
I'm having some trouble . How do you use this printer ? Well , first you have to turn this switch on . Silly me . Now press this button .
Well , first you have to turn this switch on . Silly me . Now press this button . Oh , and it's out of paper . Do you have any more ?
What do you usually have for breakfast ? Pancakes or waffles ? I usually have cereal for breakfast . But isn't it served with cold milk ? Yeah . Cold milk wakes me up .
I usually have cereal for breakfast . But isn't it served with cold milk ? Yeah . Cold milk wakes me up . Chinese people don't like to eat cold food .
But isn't it served with cold milk ? Yeah . Cold milk wakes me up . Chinese people don't like to eat cold food . Is that right ?
Yeah . Cold milk wakes me up . Chinese people don't like to eat cold food . Is that right ? But I'm open to new things . I'll have a bowl of cereal , too .
Chinese people don't like to eat cold food . Is that right ? But I'm open to new things . I'll have a bowl of cereal , too . With cold milk ?
I ran it against that fence pole as I crashed . What do you think ? Damn , it hurts ! We'll have to get you to a hospital . I can ride you on the back of my bike . I'm lucky I wasn't killed . I must have been going around forty-five miles an hour . There was too much gravel on that corner . I slid out . Yes , I almost slid too . Alright . This tourniquet is tight . How does it feel ?
We'll have to get you to a hospital . I can ride you on the back of my bike . I'm lucky I wasn't killed . I must have been going around forty-five miles an hour . There was too much gravel on that corner . I slid out . Yes , I almost slid too . Alright . This tourniquet is tight . How does it feel ? Make it tighter . I want the blood stopped . Then wrap some bandages around the cut . Then we can go . Ouch ! I hope I can walk .
I'm lucky I wasn't killed . I must have been going around forty-five miles an hour . There was too much gravel on that corner . I slid out . Yes , I almost slid too . Alright . This tourniquet is tight . How does it feel ? Make it tighter . I want the blood stopped . Then wrap some bandages around the cut . Then we can go . Ouch ! I hope I can walk . Alright , I'm twisting it around . You tell me when to stop .
I'm interested in Chinese antiques . We have a great variety of Chinese antiques . Besides , we have landscape painting , figure painting and flower-and-bird painting . I'd like a flower-and-bird painting . How about this picture of cranes with pine trees ? It was painted by a famous Chinese painter in King Dynasty .
We have a great variety of Chinese antiques . Besides , we have landscape painting , figure painting and flower-and-bird painting . I'd like a flower-and-bird painting . How about this picture of cranes with pine trees ? It was painted by a famous Chinese painter in King Dynasty . Oh , they look just like live cranes .
Where are you going ? I'll accompany my wife to the hospital . What's wrong with her . She is expecting .
I'll accompany my wife to the hospital . What's wrong with her . She is expecting . Congratulations to you .
What's the matter with you , then ? You look miserable . It's us . What do you mean by " us " ? Well , we used to talk to each other before we were married . Remember ?
It's us . What do you mean by " us " ? Well , we used to talk to each other before we were married . Remember ? What do you mean ? We ' re talking now , aren't we ?
What do you mean by " us " ? Well , we used to talk to each other before we were married . Remember ? What do you mean ? We ' re talking now , aren't we ? Oh , yes , but we used to do so much together .
Well , we used to talk to each other before we were married . Remember ? What do you mean ? We ' re talking now , aren't we ? Oh , yes , but we used to do so much together . Yes . I remember . But we never used to argue . You used to think I was wonderful . Where are you going ?
Reservation , can I help you ? Yes , I would like to reserve a room for next Monday . Wait a moment , please . Let me check it . By the way , I want a large room .
Yes , I would like to reserve a room for next Monday . Wait a moment , please . Let me check it . By the way , I want a large room . Right now we have a suite for 4 people , do you want to book it ?
It's such a nice day . Yes , it is . It looks like it may rain soon . Yes , and I hope that it does .
Yes , it is . It looks like it may rain soon . Yes , and I hope that it does . Why is that ?
It looks like it may rain soon . Yes , and I hope that it does . Why is that ? I really love how rain clears the air .
Yes , and I hope that it does . Why is that ? I really love how rain clears the air . Me too . It always smells so fresh after it rains .
Why is that ? I really love how rain clears the air . Me too . It always smells so fresh after it rains . Yes , but I love the night air after it rains .
I really love how rain clears the air . Me too . It always smells so fresh after it rains . Yes , but I love the night air after it rains . Really ? Why is that ?
Me too . It always smells so fresh after it rains . Yes , but I love the night air after it rains . Really ? Why is that ? Because you can see the stars perfectly .
Yes , but I love the night air after it rains . Really ? Why is that ? Because you can see the stars perfectly . I really hope it rains today .
Next , please . Hello , may I help you , sir ? Yes , I want to send a registered airmail letter to France . Ok , it comes four dollars twenty cents . Here is five dollars .
Yes , I want to send a registered airmail letter to France . Ok , it comes four dollars twenty cents . Here is five dollars . Here is your change . Please wait for your receipt of the registered mail .
Ok , it comes four dollars twenty cents . Here is five dollars . Here is your change . Please wait for your receipt of the registered mail . I also want to pack up my package . This is the notes .
Here is five dollars . Here is your change . Please wait for your receipt of the registered mail . I also want to pack up my package . This is the notes . Let me see . En .. just a minute . Here it is . I need your signature on this note .
Here is your change . Please wait for your receipt of the registered mail . I also want to pack up my package . This is the notes . Let me see . En .. just a minute . Here it is . I need your signature on this note . Oh , one more thing , where can I mail this letter ?
I also want to pack up my package . This is the notes . Let me see . En .. just a minute . Here it is . I need your signature on this note . Oh , one more thing , where can I mail this letter ? Drop it in the mail box mark out of town . at that corner .
Let me see . En .. just a minute . Here it is . I need your signature on this note . Oh , one more thing , where can I mail this letter ? Drop it in the mail box mark out of town . at that corner . Thank you very much .
excuse me , could you tell me which line I ' m supposed to stand in to buy bubble wrap and to post a package ? you can buy the bubble wrap here , but you ' ll have to stand in line over here to post your passage . that ' s a really long line . How long do you think it ' ll take to get through all those people ? it takes about 3 minutes per person , so it ' ll probably be about an hour ' s wait .
you can buy the bubble wrap here , but you ' ll have to stand in line over here to post your passage . that ' s a really long line . How long do you think it ' ll take to get through all those people ? it takes about 3 minutes per person , so it ' ll probably be about an hour ' s wait . can I buy stamps here ?
that ' s a really long line . How long do you think it ' ll take to get through all those people ? it takes about 3 minutes per person , so it ' ll probably be about an hour ' s wait . can I buy stamps here ? sure . How many would you like ?
it takes about 3 minutes per person , so it ' ll probably be about an hour ' s wait . can I buy stamps here ? sure . How many would you like ? I need 30 for my Christmas cards .
can I buy stamps here ? sure . How many would you like ? I need 30 for my Christmas cards . are you sending them abroad ?
sure . How many would you like ? I need 30 for my Christmas cards . are you sending them abroad ? twenty of them are going abroad to China and America .
I need 30 for my Christmas cards . are you sending them abroad ? twenty of them are going abroad to China and America . do you have any going anywhere in the EU ? If you do , those are less expensive .
are you sending them abroad ? twenty of them are going abroad to China and America . do you have any going anywhere in the EU ? If you do , those are less expensive . no .
twenty of them are going abroad to China and America . do you have any going anywhere in the EU ? If you do , those are less expensive . no . ok , here you go . That will be 18 pounds and seventy two pence .
do you have any going anywhere in the EU ? If you do , those are less expensive . no . ok , here you go . That will be 18 pounds and seventy two pence . and the bubble wrap ?
no . ok , here you go . That will be 18 pounds and seventy two pence . and the bubble wrap ? that ' s another quid .
What time is our connecting flight ? Let me check . Oh , oh ! It ' s at 3:25 . Wow , that's cutting it close ! That means we only have 25 minutes to make the connection ! What gate is it at ? It ' s at ... gate 14 .
Let me check . Oh , oh ! It ' s at 3:25 . Wow , that's cutting it close ! That means we only have 25 minutes to make the connection ! What gate is it at ? It ' s at ... gate 14 . Oh , great ! That ' s at the other end of the terminal !
Wow , that's cutting it close ! That means we only have 25 minutes to make the connection ! What gate is it at ? It ' s at ... gate 14 . Oh , great ! That ' s at the other end of the terminal ! OK , so here ' s the plan ; When we land , run to gate 14 !
Hey , Blake ! Are you still listening to Mozart ? Yes . Do you like it ? It's great . and I ' Ve heard that listening to Mozart can make you more intelligent . Really ? I've never heard that before . I just like it .
Yes . Do you like it ? It's great . and I ' Ve heard that listening to Mozart can make you more intelligent . Really ? I've never heard that before . I just like it . Is classical music your favorite ?
It's great . and I ' Ve heard that listening to Mozart can make you more intelligent . Really ? I've never heard that before . I just like it . Is classical music your favorite ? Yes . What about you ?
Really ? I've never heard that before . I just like it . Is classical music your favorite ? Yes . What about you ? I Like pop music best . Classical music is a bit too heavy for me . I can't get fully relaxed in it .
Is classical music your favorite ? Yes . What about you ? I Like pop music best . Classical music is a bit too heavy for me . I can't get fully relaxed in it . Pop music doesn't have any depth for me .
Yes . What about you ? I Like pop music best . Classical music is a bit too heavy for me . I can't get fully relaxed in it . Pop music doesn't have any depth for me . Yeah , that's why I can enjoy myself in it .
I Like pop music best . Classical music is a bit too heavy for me . I can't get fully relaxed in it . Pop music doesn't have any depth for me . Yeah , that's why I can enjoy myself in it . Did you always like pop music .
Pop music doesn't have any depth for me . Yeah , that's why I can enjoy myself in it . Did you always like pop music . I think so , since I was in primary school . How long have you been interested in classical music .
Yeah , that's why I can enjoy myself in it . Did you always like pop music . I think so , since I was in primary school . How long have you been interested in classical music . I didn't like it at all until I started to learn violin when I was eight . From then on . classical music has been an important part of my life .
Did you always like pop music . I think so , since I was in primary school . How long have you been interested in classical music . I didn't like it at all until I started to learn violin when I was eight . From then on . classical music has been an important part of my life . oh , I didn't know you can play the violin . Do you still play .
Guess who I saw just now ? Who ? John Smith , the escaped criminal . That bad egg , who took the low road since he was a boy .
Who ? John Smith , the escaped criminal . That bad egg , who took the low road since he was a boy . I think I must report to the cops .
Excuse me , are you Mrs . Green from England ? Yes , I am . I'm pleased to meet you , Mrs . Green . My name is Myra . I work in Beijing Institute of Technology . I came here to meet you . How do you do ?
Yes , I am . I'm pleased to meet you , Mrs . Green . My name is Myra . I work in Beijing Institute of Technology . I came here to meet you . How do you do ? How do you do ?
I'm pleased to meet you , Mrs . Green . My name is Myra . I work in Beijing Institute of Technology . I came here to meet you . How do you do ? How do you do ? It's kind of you to meet me at the airport .
How do you do ? How do you do ? It's kind of you to meet me at the airport . Welcome to Beijing . Is this your first time in China ?
How do you do ? It's kind of you to meet me at the airport . Welcome to Beijing . Is this your first time in China ? No , I have visited China several times , but it's my first visit to Beijing and I think it's a great honor to be invited to your beautiful city .
It's kind of you to meet me at the airport . Welcome to Beijing . Is this your first time in China ? No , I have visited China several times , but it's my first visit to Beijing and I think it's a great honor to be invited to your beautiful city . It's our pleasure to have you here . I hope you will have a pleasant stay here .
What are your personal weaknesses ? I ' m afraid I ' m a poor talker . I ' m not comfortable talking with the people whom I have just met for the first time . That is not very good for business , so I have been studying public speaking . Are you more of a leader or a follower ? I don ' t try to lead people . I ' d rather cooperate with everybody , and get the job done by working together .
I ' m afraid I ' m a poor talker . I ' m not comfortable talking with the people whom I have just met for the first time . That is not very good for business , so I have been studying public speaking . Are you more of a leader or a follower ? I don ' t try to lead people . I ' d rather cooperate with everybody , and get the job done by working together . Do you think you can make yourself easily understood in English ?
Are you more of a leader or a follower ? I don ' t try to lead people . I ' d rather cooperate with everybody , and get the job done by working together . Do you think you can make yourself easily understood in English ? Yes , in most circumstances .
I don ' t try to lead people . I ' d rather cooperate with everybody , and get the job done by working together . Do you think you can make yourself easily understood in English ? Yes , in most circumstances . Are you available for travel ?
Hello , Ken . Hello , George . Have you just been to the cinema ? Yes , I have .
Hello , George . Have you just been to the cinema ? Yes , I have . What ' s on ?
Have you just been to the cinema ? Yes , I have . What ' s on ? Paris in the Spring .
Yes , I have . What ' s on ? Paris in the Spring . Oh , I ' Ve already seen it . I saw it on television last year . It ' s an old film , but it ' s very good .
What ' s on ? Paris in the Spring . Oh , I ' Ve already seen it . I saw it on television last year . It ' s an old film , but it ' s very good . Paris is a beautiful city . I have never been there . Have you ever been there , Ken ?
Paris in the Spring . Oh , I ' Ve already seen it . I saw it on television last year . It ' s an old film , but it ' s very good . Paris is a beautiful city . I have never been there . Have you ever been there , Ken ? Yes , I have . I was there in April .
Oh , I ' Ve already seen it . I saw it on television last year . It ' s an old film , but it ' s very good . Paris is a beautiful city . I have never been there . Have you ever been there , Ken ? Yes , I have . I was there in April . Paris in the spring , eh ?
Paris is a beautiful city . I have never been there . Have you ever been there , Ken ? Yes , I have . I was there in April . Paris in the spring , eh ? It was spring , but the weather was awful . It rained all the time .
So , you ' re applying for a B2 visa , where is your final destination and what ' s the purpose of your trip to the United States ? I ' m going to visit my brother . he ' s just had a baby . He lives in Minneapolis . And how long do you you plan to remain in the United States ? I ' ll be here for approximately three weeks . See , here ' s my return ticket for the twenty-sixth of March .
I ' m going to visit my brother . he ' s just had a baby . He lives in Minneapolis . And how long do you you plan to remain in the United States ? I ' ll be here for approximately three weeks . See , here ' s my return ticket for the twenty-sixth of March . And , who is sponsoring your trip ?
And how long do you you plan to remain in the United States ? I ' ll be here for approximately three weeks . See , here ' s my return ticket for the twenty-sixth of March . And , who is sponsoring your trip ? My brother , here , this is an invitation letter from him . I will stay with him and his family in their home .
I ' ll be here for approximately three weeks . See , here ' s my return ticket for the twenty-sixth of March . And , who is sponsoring your trip ? My brother , here , this is an invitation letter from him . I will stay with him and his family in their home . Alright , tell me about the ties you have to your home country .
And , who is sponsoring your trip ? My brother , here , this is an invitation letter from him . I will stay with him and his family in their home . Alright , tell me about the ties you have to your home country . Well , I own a house . actually , I ' m leaving my dog there with my neighbors . I have a car at home , and oh , my job ! I ' m employed by Tornal as an engineer . Actually , I only have three weeks ' vacation , so I have to go back to work at the end of March .
My brother , here , this is an invitation letter from him . I will stay with him and his family in their home . Alright , tell me about the ties you have to your home country . Well , I own a house . actually , I ' m leaving my dog there with my neighbors . I have a car at home , and oh , my job ! I ' m employed by Tornal as an engineer . Actually , I only have three weeks ' vacation , so I have to go back to work at the end of March . And what evidence do you have that you are financially independent ?
Alright , tell me about the ties you have to your home country . Well , I own a house . actually , I ' m leaving my dog there with my neighbors . I have a car at home , and oh , my job ! I ' m employed by Tornal as an engineer . Actually , I only have three weeks ' vacation , so I have to go back to work at the end of March . And what evidence do you have that you are financially independent ? Well , I do have assets in my country . like I said , I own a house , and see , here ' s a bank statement showing my investments , and my bank balance .
Hey Julie , you want to go grab something to eat ? Sure ! What do you feel like having ? I really feel like having a big juicy steak ! Oh . OK . I don't eat meat , but that's fine , I am sure wherever we are going they will have other options right ?
Sure ! What do you feel like having ? I really feel like having a big juicy steak ! Oh . OK . I don't eat meat , but that's fine , I am sure wherever we are going they will have other options right ? I didn't know you were a vegetarian !
I really feel like having a big juicy steak ! Oh . OK . I don't eat meat , but that's fine , I am sure wherever we are going they will have other options right ? I didn't know you were a vegetarian ! I'm not , I am a vegan .
Oh . OK . I don't eat meat , but that's fine , I am sure wherever we are going they will have other options right ? I didn't know you were a vegetarian ! I'm not , I am a vegan . A what ?
I didn't know you were a vegetarian ! I'm not , I am a vegan . A what ? A vegan . I don't eat or use any animal based products . I don't wear leather , eat eggs , drink milk or anything that comes from an animal . I used to be a pescatarian before , which basically means you don't eat meat , but still have fish and seafood .
I'm not , I am a vegan . A what ? A vegan . I don't eat or use any animal based products . I don't wear leather , eat eggs , drink milk or anything that comes from an animal . I used to be a pescatarian before , which basically means you don't eat meat , but still have fish and seafood . Wow ! That's interesting ! It must be tough !
How silly of you to jump out of the window ! But that was the first thing that came into my mind when I heard the shout earthquake ! Why not use staircases ? The terror was not so violent at that time . That would be too late .
But that was the first thing that came into my mind when I heard the shout earthquake ! Why not use staircases ? The terror was not so violent at that time . That would be too late . Maybe the situation is too urgent .
Hi . What's your name ? My name is Jung Min . What's your name ? My name is Jessica . It's nice to meet you . Yes . It's nice to meet you too . Are you a new student too ?
My name is Jung Min . What's your name ? My name is Jessica . It's nice to meet you . Yes . It's nice to meet you too . Are you a new student too ? No . I'm a sophomore . I take it you are a new student ?
My name is Jessica . It's nice to meet you . Yes . It's nice to meet you too . Are you a new student too ? No . I'm a sophomore . I take it you are a new student ? Yeah . It's pretty exciting to be here .
Yes . It's nice to meet you too . Are you a new student too ? No . I'm a sophomore . I take it you are a new student ? Yeah . It's pretty exciting to be here . Have fun while it lasts . The excitement wears off real quick . Especially after you see how much homework you get . Where are you from ?
No . I'm a sophomore . I take it you are a new student ? Yeah . It's pretty exciting to be here . Have fun while it lasts . The excitement wears off real quick . Especially after you see how much homework you get . Where are you from ? I'm from Korea . My parents wanted me to go to an American university , so I came here .
Yeah . It's pretty exciting to be here . Have fun while it lasts . The excitement wears off real quick . Especially after you see how much homework you get . Where are you from ? I'm from Korea . My parents wanted me to go to an American university , so I came here . I have never been to Korea . I've been to Japan before , but never Korea .
Have fun while it lasts . The excitement wears off real quick . Especially after you see how much homework you get . Where are you from ? I'm from Korea . My parents wanted me to go to an American university , so I came here . I have never been to Korea . I've been to Japan before , but never Korea . Why were you in Japan ?
I'm from Korea . My parents wanted me to go to an American university , so I came here . I have never been to Korea . I've been to Japan before , but never Korea . Why were you in Japan ? My father thought it would be a good experience to take a vacation to a different country . He's so into learning about different cultures .
I have never been to Korea . I've been to Japan before , but never Korea . Why were you in Japan ? My father thought it would be a good experience to take a vacation to a different country . He's so into learning about different cultures . That's pretty cool .
Why were you in Japan ? My father thought it would be a good experience to take a vacation to a different country . He's so into learning about different cultures . That's pretty cool . I thought it would have been more fun if I went without my parents .
My father thought it would be a good experience to take a vacation to a different country . He's so into learning about different cultures . That's pretty cool . I thought it would have been more fun if I went without my parents . Well , if you ever want to visit Korea , I would be happy to show you around .
That's pretty cool . I thought it would have been more fun if I went without my parents . Well , if you ever want to visit Korea , I would be happy to show you around . Thanks for the offer . I'll keep that in mind . Oh , the professor is coming . We'll talk more after class .
You don't look too well . Maybe you should take the day off from work . I couldn't do that . I have an important meeting to go to today . Do you feel ok ? Not really . After a 12 - hour flight , I've got jetlag , and on top of that , I think I've also got the flu .
I couldn't do that . I have an important meeting to go to today . Do you feel ok ? Not really . After a 12 - hour flight , I've got jetlag , and on top of that , I think I've also got the flu . Why don't you call your secretary and tell her to reschedule the meeting ? You should really get some rest or you'll end up feeling even worse than you do now .
Do you feel ok ? Not really . After a 12 - hour flight , I've got jetlag , and on top of that , I think I've also got the flu . Why don't you call your secretary and tell her to reschedule the meeting ? You should really get some rest or you'll end up feeling even worse than you do now . Could you feel my forehead and check to see if I have a fever ?
Not really . After a 12 - hour flight , I've got jetlag , and on top of that , I think I've also got the flu . Why don't you call your secretary and tell her to reschedule the meeting ? You should really get some rest or you'll end up feeling even worse than you do now . Could you feel my forehead and check to see if I have a fever ? You're really hot . Let me get you some Tylenol to bring the fever down .
Why don't you call your secretary and tell her to reschedule the meeting ? You should really get some rest or you'll end up feeling even worse than you do now . Could you feel my forehead and check to see if I have a fever ? You're really hot . Let me get you some Tylenol to bring the fever down . Ok . I'll stay home this morning and rest , but if I feel better in the afternoon , I'm going to the meeting .
Could you feel my forehead and check to see if I have a fever ? You're really hot . Let me get you some Tylenol to bring the fever down . Ok . I'll stay home this morning and rest , but if I feel better in the afternoon , I'm going to the meeting . Zach , what's that on your arm ?
You're really hot . Let me get you some Tylenol to bring the fever down . Ok . I'll stay home this morning and rest , but if I feel better in the afternoon , I'm going to the meeting . Zach , what's that on your arm ? I don't know . It looks a bit red , but I'm sure it's nothing .
Ok . I'll stay home this morning and rest , but if I feel better in the afternoon , I'm going to the meeting . Zach , what's that on your arm ? I don't know . It looks a bit red , but I'm sure it's nothing . It looks like you have a red rash all over you ! Are you allergic to anything ?
Zach , what's that on your arm ? I don't know . It looks a bit red , but I'm sure it's nothing . It looks like you have a red rash all over you ! Are you allergic to anything ? Just cats , but I don't think I was near any cats in the last couple of weeks .
I don't know . It looks a bit red , but I'm sure it's nothing . It looks like you have a red rash all over you ! Are you allergic to anything ? Just cats , but I don't think I was near any cats in the last couple of weeks . I completely forgot about your cat allergy . I took care of a cat for my friend here a few days ago . Oh no . we'd better go to the doctor and get some medicine . Let's go .
It looks like you have a red rash all over you ! Are you allergic to anything ? Just cats , but I don't think I was near any cats in the last couple of weeks . I completely forgot about your cat allergy . I took care of a cat for my friend here a few days ago . Oh no . we'd better go to the doctor and get some medicine . Let's go . Shouldn't we make an appointment first ?
Just cats , but I don't think I was near any cats in the last couple of weeks . I completely forgot about your cat allergy . I took care of a cat for my friend here a few days ago . Oh no . we'd better go to the doctor and get some medicine . Let's go . Shouldn't we make an appointment first ? We would , but let's just go and see if there's an opening now before it gets worse .
Excuse me . Do you mind if I try this on ? Not at all . The changing rooms are just this way . Thanks . It's a little tight . Do you have any in a larger size ? Sure . I'll give you the next size up . That one is small , right ?
Not at all . The changing rooms are just this way . Thanks . It's a little tight . Do you have any in a larger size ? Sure . I'll give you the next size up . That one is small , right ? Yes . Also , I'm not so sure about the color .
I had a big argument with david yesterday . I hope he ' s not still mad at me . What did you argue about ? He borrowed some money from me and I needed it back . He said he didn ' t have the money yet . Well , he should pay you back . It ' s only fair .
What did you argue about ? He borrowed some money from me and I needed it back . He said he didn ' t have the money yet . Well , he should pay you back . It ' s only fair . Yes , but I got angry with him too quickly . He probably thought that I mistrusted him . I shouldn ' t have got angry .
He borrowed some money from me and I needed it back . He said he didn ' t have the money yet . Well , he should pay you back . It ' s only fair . Yes , but I got angry with him too quickly . He probably thought that I mistrusted him . I shouldn ' t have got angry . Did you lend him a lot of money ?
Well , he should pay you back . It ' s only fair . Yes , but I got angry with him too quickly . He probably thought that I mistrusted him . I shouldn ' t have got angry . Did you lend him a lot of money ? Not much . I had to pay an unexpected bill , so I needed the money back .
Yes , but I got angry with him too quickly . He probably thought that I mistrusted him . I shouldn ' t have got angry . Did you lend him a lot of money ? Not much . I had to pay an unexpected bill , so I needed the money back . Well , talk to him about it next time you see him . He probably feels as bad about it as you do . Close friends sometimes have disagreements . It ' s nothing unusual . Neither of you said anything really nasty , did you ?
Did you lend him a lot of money ? Not much . I had to pay an unexpected bill , so I needed the money back . Well , talk to him about it next time you see him . He probably feels as bad about it as you do . Close friends sometimes have disagreements . It ' s nothing unusual . Neither of you said anything really nasty , did you ? No , we didn ' t . I guess you ' re right . We should patch things up .
Well , I'm afraid I must be going now . I have no idea it was so late . Stay for dinner with us . I'm afraid I can't . I have a dinner party at seven tonight . You see , I am going to England the day after tomorrow . Well , I won't keep you then . It was very nice of you to come to see me .
Stay for dinner with us . I'm afraid I can't . I have a dinner party at seven tonight . You see , I am going to England the day after tomorrow . Well , I won't keep you then . It was very nice of you to come to see me . It has been a pleasure . Goodbye .
Hey Mel ! Are you up for some tennis today ? Sorry , I can ' t ! I have to go to work , pick up Jake and Maddie from school , and make them an afternoon snack , then take Jake to soccer practice and Maddie to dance class . You sound exhausted . Maybe you should hire a nanny to help you out ! She can pick the kids up and take them to their after-school activities . She can also help you do some household chores , and run so Oh , I don ' t know ... it ' s hard to find the right nanny . You have to consider her previous work experience , the responsibilities you give her , and how she interacts with the kids . I would love to have
Sorry , I can ' t ! I have to go to work , pick up Jake and Maddie from school , and make them an afternoon snack , then take Jake to soccer practice and Maddie to dance class . You sound exhausted . Maybe you should hire a nanny to help you out ! She can pick the kids up and take them to their after-school activities . She can also help you do some household chores , and run so Oh , I don ' t know ... it ' s hard to find the right nanny . You have to consider her previous work experience , the responsibilities you give her , and how she interacts with the kids . I would love to have I think you should definitely consider it ! This way you won ' t have to juggle such a busy schedule , and you ' ll still get to spend time with the kids in the evenings . I can refer you this great
Hello , the nurse said that you might have my test results in from the other day . I would like for you to come in and talk about a few more tests that I would like to run . Does this mean that you have bad news for me ? I just want to talk to you about the tests that I want to run .
I would like for you to come in and talk about a few more tests that I would like to run . Does this mean that you have bad news for me ? I just want to talk to you about the tests that I want to run . Can ' t you just tell me now ?
Does this mean that you have bad news for me ? I just want to talk to you about the tests that I want to run . Can ' t you just tell me now ? I don ' t know anything for certain . We always do a double check if there is a question .
I just want to talk to you about the tests that I want to run . Can ' t you just tell me now ? I don ' t know anything for certain . We always do a double check if there is a question . I want to see you right away .
Can ' t you just tell me now ? I don ' t know anything for certain . We always do a double check if there is a question . I want to see you right away . You can come in this afternoon . If you are feeling too stressed , feel free to bring a friend along .
I don ' t know anything for certain . We always do a double check if there is a question . I want to see you right away . You can come in this afternoon . If you are feeling too stressed , feel free to bring a friend along . I know for sure that something is wrong !
Do you speak only English in the class , or does your teacher explain everything to you in Spanish ? Oh , we never speak Spanish in class ! Miss . Parker speaks to us only in English . I suppose she's right . Does she speak English very slowly ? Not always . Sometimes we don't understand her . Then she has to repeat what she said .
Oh , we never speak Spanish in class ! Miss . Parker speaks to us only in English . I suppose she's right . Does she speak English very slowly ? Not always . Sometimes we don't understand her . Then she has to repeat what she said . It must be interesting to study English .
I suppose she's right . Does she speak English very slowly ? Not always . Sometimes we don't understand her . Then she has to repeat what she said . It must be interesting to study English . Mario and I are the best students in the class . Miss . Parker says that my pronunciation is very good .
Not always . Sometimes we don't understand her . Then she has to repeat what she said . It must be interesting to study English . Mario and I are the best students in the class . Miss . Parker says that my pronunciation is very good . Is English pronunciation easy or difficult ?
Hi . Have you got a personal computer ? Certainly . What's the matter ? I wonder if you often trade with others on the internet . Sure . I often buy things or do business through it without going out to the physical stores .
Certainly . What's the matter ? I wonder if you often trade with others on the internet . Sure . I often buy things or do business through it without going out to the physical stores . Great ! It's just like viewless stores . But how can you shop or order on line or trade on line ?
I wonder if you often trade with others on the internet . Sure . I often buy things or do business through it without going out to the physical stores . Great ! It's just like viewless stores . But how can you shop or order on line or trade on line ? That's simple . Just click the hyperlink , www . taobao . com or www . ebay . com , and you can see the specimen of the goods shown on the screen , and then you can place an order online with the sales company . And the goods will be delivered to your place .
Sure . I often buy things or do business through it without going out to the physical stores . Great ! It's just like viewless stores . But how can you shop or order on line or trade on line ? That's simple . Just click the hyperlink , www . taobao . com or www . ebay . com , and you can see the specimen of the goods shown on the screen , and then you can place an order online with the sales company . And the goods will be delivered to your place . Is the service charged ?
Great ! It's just like viewless stores . But how can you shop or order on line or trade on line ? That's simple . Just click the hyperlink , www . taobao . com or www . ebay . com , and you can see the specimen of the goods shown on the screen , and then you can place an order online with the sales company . And the goods will be delivered to your place . Is the service charged ? No . it's free .
Did you watch the volleyball match last night ? Yeah . Who won ? China .
Yeah . Who won ? China . What is the score ?
Who won ? China . What is the score ? China beat Brazil three to zero .
It ' s nice meeting you . It ' s nice to meet you , too . I am happy to be speaking to a presidential candidate . Would you like to ask me anything ?
It ' s nice to meet you , too . I am happy to be speaking to a presidential candidate . Would you like to ask me anything ? What do you feel about gay marriage ?
I am happy to be speaking to a presidential candidate . Would you like to ask me anything ? What do you feel about gay marriage ? I think everyone has the right to love who they want .
Would you like to ask me anything ? What do you feel about gay marriage ? I think everyone has the right to love who they want . Would you legalize gay marriage ?
What do you feel about gay marriage ? I think everyone has the right to love who they want . Would you legalize gay marriage ? Yes , I would .
I think everyone has the right to love who they want . Would you legalize gay marriage ? Yes , I would . Many people won ' t like that .
Would you legalize gay marriage ? Yes , I would . Many people won ' t like that . I ' m sure they won ' t , but that ' s my view on gay marriage .
Yes , I would . Many people won ' t like that . I ' m sure they won ' t , but that ' s my view on gay marriage . I really like you .
Could I have my bill , please ? Certainly , sir . I'm afraid there's been a mistake . I'm sorry , sir . What seems to be the trouble ?
Certainly , sir . I'm afraid there's been a mistake . I'm sorry , sir . What seems to be the trouble ? I believe you have charged me twice for the same thing . Look , the figure of 6 . 5 dollar appears here , then again here .
Honey , I need to have a talk with you . Dad , I have to do my homework . No , honey , why didn't you go to cram school last night ? Dad , I don't want to talk about it now .
Dad , I have to do my homework . No , honey , why didn't you go to cram school last night ? Dad , I don't want to talk about it now . Honey , if you don't want to go to cram school , you should tell me the reason why .
What were you and Richard talking about earlier ? It looked intense . Yeah , Richard said something to me that I didn't appreciate . Oh , no . I know how insensitive he can be . What has he done now ? He asked me how long it took me to learn English .
Yeah , Richard said something to me that I didn't appreciate . Oh , no . I know how insensitive he can be . What has he done now ? He asked me how long it took me to learn English . But , you were born and raised in California !
Oh , no . I know how insensitive he can be . What has he done now ? He asked me how long it took me to learn English . But , you were born and raised in California ! Yeah , but I get that sometimes . It doesn't matter how many generations my family has lived in the U . S . , we'll always be foreigners in their eyes .
He asked me how long it took me to learn English . But , you were born and raised in California ! Yeah , but I get that sometimes . It doesn't matter how many generations my family has lived in the U . S . , we'll always be foreigners in their eyes . What a racist ! How can you stand working with the guy ?
But , you were born and raised in California ! Yeah , but I get that sometimes . It doesn't matter how many generations my family has lived in the U . S . , we'll always be foreigners in their eyes . What a racist ! How can you stand working with the guy ? You know , Richard isn't such a bad guy . He made the comment out of ignorance , not malice .
Yeah , but I get that sometimes . It doesn't matter how many generations my family has lived in the U . S . , we'll always be foreigners in their eyes . What a racist ! How can you stand working with the guy ? You know , Richard isn't such a bad guy . He made the comment out of ignorance , not malice . So , what did you say when he asked you how long it took you to learn English ?
What a racist ! How can you stand working with the guy ? You know , Richard isn't such a bad guy . He made the comment out of ignorance , not malice . So , what did you say when he asked you how long it took you to learn English ? I told him 28 years . And , he knows I'm 28 years old since I just celebrated my birthday last week . He was puzzled for a minute , and then he got it .
You know , Richard isn't such a bad guy . He made the comment out of ignorance , not malice . So , what did you say when he asked you how long it took you to learn English ? I told him 28 years . And , he knows I'm 28 years old since I just celebrated my birthday last week . He was puzzled for a minute , and then he got it . Are you sure he really got the message ?
So , what did you say when he asked you how long it took you to learn English ? I told him 28 years . And , he knows I'm 28 years old since I just celebrated my birthday last week . He was puzzled for a minute , and then he got it . Are you sure he really got the message ? Yeah , I'm pretty sure since I then asked him how long it took him to learn English .
I told him 28 years . And , he knows I'm 28 years old since I just celebrated my birthday last week . He was puzzled for a minute , and then he got it . Are you sure he really got the message ? Yeah , I'm pretty sure since I then asked him how long it took him to learn English . That's hilarious ! What did he say ?
Are you sure he really got the message ? Yeah , I'm pretty sure since I then asked him how long it took him to learn English . That's hilarious ! What did he say ? He said , ' 36 years , ' and we both laughed about it . He apologized and now , it's all good .
Hello . Could you have a taxi pick me up before 10:00 a . m . ? What is your address ? I stay at No . 115 Fucking Road . OK , a taxi will be there by 9:30 .
What is your address ? I stay at No . 115 Fucking Road . OK , a taxi will be there by 9:30 . What are your rates ?
I stay at No . 115 Fucking Road . OK , a taxi will be there by 9:30 . What are your rates ? It is RIB 10 yuan initially and 2 yuan for each kilometer .
OK , a taxi will be there by 9:30 . What are your rates ? It is RIB 10 yuan initially and 2 yuan for each kilometer . I have a lot of luggage . Will those fit in the taxi ?
What are your rates ? It is RIB 10 yuan initially and 2 yuan for each kilometer . I have a lot of luggage . Will those fit in the taxi ? Take it easy . I'll send a larger to pick you up .
So what do you think of my new dress ? I think it's great ! I really like the color , and it goes really well with your eyes . I've actually been eyeing that dress at Maxine's for a while now , but I wasn't sure I could afford ninety-five dollars for a dress at the moment . Um , ninety-five dollars ? Yes , that's the price they were advertising it at . I was hoping it might go on sale soon . Why , how much did you pay for it ?
I think it's great ! I really like the color , and it goes really well with your eyes . I've actually been eyeing that dress at Maxine's for a while now , but I wasn't sure I could afford ninety-five dollars for a dress at the moment . Um , ninety-five dollars ? Yes , that's the price they were advertising it at . I was hoping it might go on sale soon . Why , how much did you pay for it ? I bought it for one hundred and forty-five dollars at Helen's Boutique . I didn't know I could get it cheaper somewhere else .
Um , ninety-five dollars ? Yes , that's the price they were advertising it at . I was hoping it might go on sale soon . Why , how much did you pay for it ? I bought it for one hundred and forty-five dollars at Helen's Boutique . I didn't know I could get it cheaper somewhere else . Of course ! Everything at Helen's is overpriced , and they sell things that you can find at almost every other clothing store ! Why didn't you shop around ?
My friend Jean is very beautiful . What's her figure ? Perfect , and I like her charming eyes too . What's the color of her eyes ?
Hi Paul . How are you , friend . Not good . My cousin is driving me up the wall . How so ? He stays up untill all hours of the night , and he never lifts a finger to help .
Not good . My cousin is driving me up the wall . How so ? He stays up untill all hours of the night , and he never lifts a finger to help . Have you talk to him about it ?
How so ? He stays up untill all hours of the night , and he never lifts a finger to help . Have you talk to him about it ? Not yet , but I have to soon . He's eating me out of house and home . I caught him reading the fridge again last night
He stays up untill all hours of the night , and he never lifts a finger to help . Have you talk to him about it ? Not yet , but I have to soon . He's eating me out of house and home . I caught him reading the fridge again last night Ahahah , Maybe that will help you lose weight .
Have you talk to him about it ? Not yet , but I have to soon . He's eating me out of house and home . I caught him reading the fridge again last night Ahahah , Maybe that will help you lose weight . This is no laughing matter , Nick .
Not yet , but I have to soon . He's eating me out of house and home . I caught him reading the fridge again last night Ahahah , Maybe that will help you lose weight . This is no laughing matter , Nick . Sorry Paul . I couldn't help it . So why doesn't he give you a hand ?
Ahahah , Maybe that will help you lose weight . This is no laughing matter , Nick . Sorry Paul . I couldn't help it . So why doesn't he give you a hand ? He watch the tob too much . Now really I don't know . But I can't handle this much longer .
Margaret , do you think I should enroll in the science course ? Yes , I think so , If you want to graduated this year , you've got to take a science course . Right , I figure since you are doing premedical , you know about the very courses . Well , I have to take biology , chemistry , maps and physics . what you need is a good introductory course for non-science majors .
Yes , I think so , If you want to graduated this year , you've got to take a science course . Right , I figure since you are doing premedical , you know about the very courses . Well , I have to take biology , chemistry , maps and physics . what you need is a good introductory course for non-science majors . Yes , I really weak in maps , I did poorly in high school .
Joe , how are you doing ? I am great ! How about you , Mary ? How are you ? I am doing great ! Thank you for asking , Joe . I was wondering if you want to go see a movie with me tonight ?
I am great ! How about you , Mary ? How are you ? I am doing great ! Thank you for asking , Joe . I was wondering if you want to go see a movie with me tonight ? I need to stay home tonight and finish my term paper .
I am doing great ! Thank you for asking , Joe . I was wondering if you want to go see a movie with me tonight ? I need to stay home tonight and finish my term paper . OK . What about going to the movies on Friday night ?
I was wondering if you want to go see a movie with me tonight ? I need to stay home tonight and finish my term paper . OK . What about going to the movies on Friday night ? What were you planning on seeing ?
I need to stay home tonight and finish my term paper . OK . What about going to the movies on Friday night ? What were you planning on seeing ? I was thinking about seeing that one about the rapist serial killer .
OK . What about going to the movies on Friday night ? What were you planning on seeing ? I was thinking about seeing that one about the rapist serial killer . How about " The Secret Life of Bees " ?
You look so happy , Anna . Any good news ? Yes . I ' Ve won the first prize in the math contest . Really ? Congratulations ! Thank you , Paul .
Yes . I ' Ve won the first prize in the math contest . Really ? Congratulations ! Thank you , Paul . By the way , would you like to have dinner with me tomorrow evening ? Tomorrow is my birthday .
Really ? Congratulations ! Thank you , Paul . By the way , would you like to have dinner with me tomorrow evening ? Tomorrow is my birthday . Good , happy birthday to you !
Thank you , Paul . By the way , would you like to have dinner with me tomorrow evening ? Tomorrow is my birthday . Good , happy birthday to you ! Not so soon . It ' s not my birthday today . Well , you ' ll come , won ' t you ?
By the way , would you like to have dinner with me tomorrow evening ? Tomorrow is my birthday . Good , happy birthday to you ! Not so soon . It ' s not my birthday today . Well , you ' ll come , won ' t you ? Sure , I will . Thank you for inviting me .
Excuse me , i am a new student here . Could you tell me where the English Department is ? It is in that brand new , tall building over there . On the 9th floor . Where is the school cafeteria ? It is the basement of that red building in front of the tower with big bells .
It is in that brand new , tall building over there . On the 9th floor . Where is the school cafeteria ? It is the basement of that red building in front of the tower with big bells . Where is the Computer Center ?
Where is the school cafeteria ? It is the basement of that red building in front of the tower with big bells . Where is the Computer Center ? The Computer Center is on the first floor of the library .
It is the basement of that red building in front of the tower with big bells . Where is the Computer Center ? The Computer Center is on the first floor of the library . Where is the library ?
Where is the Computer Center ? The Computer Center is on the first floor of the library . Where is the library ? The library is next to the Adminstration Building . The Adminstration Building is over there near the school ' s main entrance . There are school maps for free in the lobby of the Admin .
The Computer Center is on the first floor of the library . Where is the library ? The library is next to the Adminstration Building . The Adminstration Building is over there near the school ' s main entrance . There are school maps for free in the lobby of the Admin . Thank you . I will go get one .
Where is the library ? The library is next to the Adminstration Building . The Adminstration Building is over there near the school ' s main entrance . There are school maps for free in the lobby of the Admin . Thank you . I will go get one . Sure . Glad to be of service . By the way , my name is Mike Sullivan . You will see me around a lot . I am running for President of the Student Government .
The library is next to the Adminstration Building . The Adminstration Building is over there near the school ' s main entrance . There are school maps for free in the lobby of the Admin . Thank you . I will go get one . Sure . Glad to be of service . By the way , my name is Mike Sullivan . You will see me around a lot . I am running for President of the Student Government . Well , hi ! My name is Eve Markowski . I am glad to meet you . With your friendly smile and helpful attitude . I am sure you will win .
Thank you . I will go get one . Sure . Glad to be of service . By the way , my name is Mike Sullivan . You will see me around a lot . I am running for President of the Student Government . Well , hi ! My name is Eve Markowski . I am glad to meet you . With your friendly smile and helpful attitude . I am sure you will win . Thanks you for the encouragement .
Sure . Glad to be of service . By the way , my name is Mike Sullivan . You will see me around a lot . I am running for President of the Student Government . Well , hi ! My name is Eve Markowski . I am glad to meet you . With your friendly smile and helpful attitude . I am sure you will win . Thanks you for the encouragement . You are welcome . I ' d better go . Goodbye .
Good morning , Angela , how have you been lately ? Morning , Michael . I ' Ve been very busy lately . One of our other vendors is going out of business and I ' Ve been searching for a suitable replacement . Well , rest assured that you can count on us to be here for the long run , sitdown . Coffee ? No , thanks . I ' Ve been trying to cut down on the caffeine .
Morning , Michael . I ' Ve been very busy lately . One of our other vendors is going out of business and I ' Ve been searching for a suitable replacement . Well , rest assured that you can count on us to be here for the long run , sitdown . Coffee ? No , thanks . I ' Ve been trying to cut down on the caffeine . Haha , I could never do that . I ' d be a zombie if I didn ' t have my morning coffee fix . Let ' s get down to business then .
Well , rest assured that you can count on us to be here for the long run , sitdown . Coffee ? No , thanks . I ' Ve been trying to cut down on the caffeine . Haha , I could never do that . I ' d be a zombie if I didn ' t have my morning coffee fix . Let ' s get down to business then . Yes . I ' Ve come to talk with you about ordering the eight megapixel cameras for our new methone . The demand for phone cameras is growing , and Pear has been falling behind in the market .
No , thanks . I ' Ve been trying to cut down on the caffeine . Haha , I could never do that . I ' d be a zombie if I didn ' t have my morning coffee fix . Let ' s get down to business then . Yes . I ' Ve come to talk with you about ordering the eight megapixel cameras for our new methone . The demand for phone cameras is growing , and Pear has been falling behind in the market . That ' s great ! I ' m glad to hear that Pear has finally jumped on the bandwagon . Right now our contract is for the five megapixel cameras . Is Pear still interested in having those ?
Haha , I could never do that . I ' d be a zombie if I didn ' t have my morning coffee fix . Let ' s get down to business then . Yes . I ' Ve come to talk with you about ordering the eight megapixel cameras for our new methone . The demand for phone cameras is growing , and Pear has been falling behind in the market . That ' s great ! I ' m glad to hear that Pear has finally jumped on the bandwagon . Right now our contract is for the five megapixel cameras . Is Pear still interested in having those ? No , we ' re changing all the cameras to eight megapixels . We were hoping that by making your company our sole supplier for cameras we could negotiate a better deal .
When was America discovered , Tony ? I'm not certain . Do you know ? America was discovered by Christopher Columbus in 1492 . In a way that's right . But the Vikings travelled there long beforeColumbus . And what about the Red Indians ?
I'm not certain . Do you know ? America was discovered by Christopher Columbus in 1492 . In a way that's right . But the Vikings travelled there long beforeColumbus . And what about the Red Indians ? All right . Ask me a question now .
America was discovered by Christopher Columbus in 1492 . In a way that's right . But the Vikings travelled there long beforeColumbus . And what about the Red Indians ? All right . Ask me a question now . Who invented the electric light bulb ?
In a way that's right . But the Vikings travelled there long beforeColumbus . And what about the Red Indians ? All right . Ask me a question now . Who invented the electric light bulb ? That's easy . It was invented by Edison .
All right . Ask me a question now . Who invented the electric light bulb ? That's easy . It was invented by Edison . Correct . Now for a harder question . Who will be the first men on Mars ?
Who invented the electric light bulb ? That's easy . It was invented by Edison . Correct . Now for a harder question . Who will be the first men on Mars ? I can't answer that . But I think Mars will be visited by men before theed of this century .
That's easy . It was invented by Edison . Correct . Now for a harder question . Who will be the first men on Mars ? I can't answer that . But I think Mars will be visited by men before theed of this century . Ask me a question now .
Correct . Now for a harder question . Who will be the first men on Mars ? I can't answer that . But I think Mars will be visited by men before theed of this century . Ask me a question now . All right . What is the nearest planet to the sun ?
OK , everyone . Gather around . Here are the rules . No tackling . No pushing . You shouldn't grab someone else's shirt . That's a foul . Play is stopped when the person with the ball is touched . You can touch them only between the shoulder and the knees .
You shouldn't grab someone else's shirt . That's a foul . Play is stopped when the person with the ball is touched . You can touch them only between the shoulder and the knees . The touchdown lines are there and there . OK , let's play !
Is there anything worth watching on another channel ? I think there ' s a Western on . Do you mind if we watch it . I ' d really like to see it . Well , I really wanted to see the football game .
I think there ' s a Western on . Do you mind if we watch it . I ' d really like to see it . Well , I really wanted to see the football game . Football game ? Ok , and you know what comes on next ?
Do you mind if we watch it . I ' d really like to see it . Well , I really wanted to see the football game . Football game ? Ok , and you know what comes on next ? I believe there ' s a sitcom .
Well , I really wanted to see the football game . Football game ? Ok , and you know what comes on next ? I believe there ' s a sitcom . Are you interested in watching it ?
Football game ? Ok , and you know what comes on next ? I believe there ' s a sitcom . Are you interested in watching it ? Let me look in the TV Guide first .
I believe there ' s a sitcom . Are you interested in watching it ? Let me look in the TV Guide first . Oh , I am sorry . What's on Channel 2 at 10 pm ?
Are you interested in watching it ? Let me look in the TV Guide first . Oh , I am sorry . What's on Channel 2 at 10 pm ? If I remember correctly , it's a quiz show .
Let me look in the TV Guide first . Oh , I am sorry . What's on Channel 2 at 10 pm ? If I remember correctly , it's a quiz show . Do you want to watch it ?
Ah , here we are . This is the place I was telling you about . Would you like to sit near the window ? Good .
This is the place I was telling you about . Would you like to sit near the window ? Good . Let's have a look at the menu . Oh , there isn't a menu . Do you think you could ask the people at the next table if we could look at their menu ?
Welcome . What can I do for you , Madam ? I hope you can give me some advice . I'm sick and tired of coming here or to the post office to pay my utility bills . It's such a long way from my home , but I checked and you are my nearest branch . Is there anyway I can do it from home ? That's terrible . Unfortunately , we don't have that many branches outside the centre of town . What I'd advise you to do is set up a Direct Debit Service . A Direct Debit Service ? What's that exactly ?
I hope you can give me some advice . I'm sick and tired of coming here or to the post office to pay my utility bills . It's such a long way from my home , but I checked and you are my nearest branch . Is there anyway I can do it from home ? That's terrible . Unfortunately , we don't have that many branches outside the centre of town . What I'd advise you to do is set up a Direct Debit Service . A Direct Debit Service ? What's that exactly ? A Direct Debit means that every month we can arrange for all of your utility bills to come directly out of your account , no fuss , no hassle .
That's terrible . Unfortunately , we don't have that many branches outside the centre of town . What I'd advise you to do is set up a Direct Debit Service . A Direct Debit Service ? What's that exactly ? A Direct Debit means that every month we can arrange for all of your utility bills to come directly out of your account , no fuss , no hassle . But how will you know how much I should pay ? I mean , I receive my bills , not you .
A Direct Debit Service ? What's that exactly ? A Direct Debit means that every month we can arrange for all of your utility bills to come directly out of your account , no fuss , no hassle . But how will you know how much I should pay ? I mean , I receive my bills , not you . We set up an agreement with the , say , phone company . They tell us how much to pay them every month and we pay directly from your account . Of course , we are able to do this with all of the utilities companies .
Hey , look , there is a circus show over there . I'm not in the mood . It's the circus . I don't want to sit there and watch them torturing the animals .
I'm not in the mood . It's the circus . I don't want to sit there and watch them torturing the animals . Oh , come on , they give them treat too . Oh , look , that little monkey is so cute .
It's the circus . I don't want to sit there and watch them torturing the animals . Oh , come on , they give them treat too . Oh , look , that little monkey is so cute . Cute ? Hope so .
I don't want to sit there and watch them torturing the animals . Oh , come on , they give them treat too . Oh , look , that little monkey is so cute . Cute ? Hope so . Oh , it is coming to us , come on , Ben , get a banana to it .
Oh , come on , they give them treat too . Oh , look , that little monkey is so cute . Cute ? Hope so . Oh , it is coming to us , come on , Ben , get a banana to it . Me ? No way , keep him away from me , please .
Cute ? Hope so . Oh , it is coming to us , come on , Ben , get a banana to it . Me ? No way , keep him away from me , please . Why are you acting so strange today ?
Oh , it is coming to us , come on , Ben , get a banana to it . Me ? No way , keep him away from me , please . Why are you acting so strange today ? I've said that I've got a problem with the circus . I'm not kidding .
Hello ! How do I get more amenities ? I'm sorry , sir . I'm not sure I understand . I'm talking about the free stuff , like soap and shampoo . Oh , I see . So , you're saying that you've already run out of your amenities .
I'm sorry , sir . I'm not sure I understand . I'm talking about the free stuff , like soap and shampoo . Oh , I see . So , you're saying that you've already run out of your amenities . No , no . I've got plenty left .
I'm talking about the free stuff , like soap and shampoo . Oh , I see . So , you're saying that you've already run out of your amenities . No , no . I've got plenty left . Now I'm confused again ! What is the problem ?
Oh , I see . So , you're saying that you've already run out of your amenities . No , no . I've got plenty left . Now I'm confused again ! What is the problem ? What am I going to do about souvenirs ?
No , no . I've got plenty left . Now I'm confused again ! What is the problem ? What am I going to do about souvenirs ? Oh , I get it ! You want souvenirs !
Now I'm confused again ! What is the problem ? What am I going to do about souvenirs ? Oh , I get it ! You want souvenirs ! Yes , I've got enough soap for my use , but no extra soap for souvenirs .
What am I going to do about souvenirs ? Oh , I get it ! You want souvenirs ! Yes , I've got enough soap for my use , but no extra soap for souvenirs . Sir , our souvenir shop carries all those items , and as a guest you get a discount .
Oh , I get it ! You want souvenirs ! Yes , I've got enough soap for my use , but no extra soap for souvenirs . Sir , our souvenir shop carries all those items , and as a guest you get a discount . Please ! Free souvenirs are the only true souvenirs .
Bill , do you know if the cafeteria around the corner's open today ? Yes . They were open this morning when I came to work . They must've finished remodeling . Why do you want to know ? Well , I thought that maybe we could go there for lunch today . That is , if you haven't promised to go with someone else . That'd be wonderful , Peter . But I hope you're in a better mood than you were this morning .
Yes . They were open this morning when I came to work . They must've finished remodeling . Why do you want to know ? Well , I thought that maybe we could go there for lunch today . That is , if you haven't promised to go with someone else . That'd be wonderful , Peter . But I hope you're in a better mood than you were this morning . I'm sorry I was such a grouch . It must've been the weather . When it rains I get depressed .
We have the orientation this afternoon . What ' s going to be covered in the orientation ? The company introduction , our mission , vision , various policies , insurances , pension plan , company ID , batch , telephone , e-mail set-up and training . Quite a lot . All them one afternoon ?
What ' s going to be covered in the orientation ? The company introduction , our mission , vision , various policies , insurances , pension plan , company ID , batch , telephone , e-mail set-up and training . Quite a lot . All them one afternoon ? Yes , it is not easy .
I hate to go outside . Me too . Why do you hate to go outside ? I meet too many jerks .
Me too . Why do you hate to go outside ? I meet too many jerks . I agree .
Why do you hate to go outside ? I meet too many jerks . I agree . This city is full of jerks .
I meet too many jerks . I agree . This city is full of jerks . Rude people are everywhere .
I agree . This city is full of jerks . Rude people are everywhere . But what can you do ?
This city is full of jerks . Rude people are everywhere . But what can you do ? You can yell at them .
Rude people are everywhere . But what can you do ? You can yell at them . And they will yell back at you .
But what can you do ? You can yell at them . And they will yell back at you . Yelling doesn't do any good .
How did you find your apartment ? You can check on the bulletin boards at school for local housing . What if I need a roommate ? There are websites that can hook you up with a roommate .
You can check on the bulletin boards at school for local housing . What if I need a roommate ? There are websites that can hook you up with a roommate . How much do apartments cost around here ?
What if I need a roommate ? There are websites that can hook you up with a roommate . How much do apartments cost around here ? It depends on what you want . Do you want a one - or two-bedroom apartment ?
There are websites that can hook you up with a roommate . How much do apartments cost around here ? It depends on what you want . Do you want a one - or two-bedroom apartment ? I just need a one-bedroom apartment .
How much do apartments cost around here ? It depends on what you want . Do you want a one - or two-bedroom apartment ? I just need a one-bedroom apartment . That will probably cost you around twelve hundred dollars a month .
It depends on what you want . Do you want a one - or two-bedroom apartment ? I just need a one-bedroom apartment . That will probably cost you around twelve hundred dollars a month . Would you come with me to look at apartments ?
Hey Rachael , what's up ? How is your day ? Not bad . We have had a big meeting today , remember ? Oh , yea . I forgot . So how did it go ? Pretty well . I think the boss liked my ideas .
Not bad . We have had a big meeting today , remember ? Oh , yea . I forgot . So how did it go ? Pretty well . I think the boss liked my ideas . Great , so what happens now ?
What happened ? Why didn't he win ? Didn't you hear ? He was disqualified . How did that happen ? He's so talented ! I thought he had a great chance of winning a gold medal ! If he didn't have any drug problems , he would have won .
Didn't you hear ? He was disqualified . How did that happen ? He's so talented ! I thought he had a great chance of winning a gold medal ! If he didn't have any drug problems , he would have won . What ? What kind of drugs was he using ?
How did that happen ? He's so talented ! I thought he had a great chance of winning a gold medal ! If he didn't have any drug problems , he would have won . What ? What kind of drugs was he using ? He was taking steroids to make him stronger and faster .
If he didn't have any drug problems , he would have won . What ? What kind of drugs was he using ? He was taking steroids to make him stronger and faster . I thought that all athletes were supposed to be regularly tested for drugs .
What ? What kind of drugs was he using ? He was taking steroids to make him stronger and faster . I thought that all athletes were supposed to be regularly tested for drugs . They are . The only reason they didn't disqualify him until after the race is because the results from the text only came back afterwards .
He was taking steroids to make him stronger and faster . I thought that all athletes were supposed to be regularly tested for drugs . They are . The only reason they didn't disqualify him until after the race is because the results from the text only came back afterwards . That's so disappointing . I don't know why top athletes would feel the need to take drugs .
I thought that all athletes were supposed to be regularly tested for drugs . They are . The only reason they didn't disqualify him until after the race is because the results from the text only came back afterwards . That's so disappointing . I don't know why top athletes would feel the need to take drugs . I don't think it's right , but I can understand why they might . Imagine how much pressure there would be to win for your country !
They are . The only reason they didn't disqualify him until after the race is because the results from the text only came back afterwards . That's so disappointing . I don't know why top athletes would feel the need to take drugs . I don't think it's right , but I can understand why they might . Imagine how much pressure there would be to win for your country ! Regardless of how much pressure you're under , there's never a good reason to take drugs .
That's so disappointing . I don't know why top athletes would feel the need to take drugs . I don't think it's right , but I can understand why they might . Imagine how much pressure there would be to win for your country ! Regardless of how much pressure you're under , there's never a good reason to take drugs . I agree . Hopefully with the new regulations , fewer athletes will try to cheat with drugs .
What date would you like to depart , sir ? Do you have any seats for September 16th ? Let's see ... I'm afraid the 16th is fully booked . But I have seats for the 17th . The 17th will be fine .
Do you have any seats for September 16th ? Let's see ... I'm afraid the 16th is fully booked . But I have seats for the 17th . The 17th will be fine . And what date will you be returning ?
Let's see ... I'm afraid the 16th is fully booked . But I have seats for the 17th . The 17th will be fine . And what date will you be returning ? Hmm , I guess on the 28th .
The 17th will be fine . And what date will you be returning ? Hmm , I guess on the 28th . Okay , you're booked on American Airlines flight 710 , departing JFK at 6
You are an outgoing person , quite easy to talk with . Yes , my friends like to get along with me well . Do you have many friends ? Yes , I like to make new friends .
Yes , my friends like to get along with me well . Do you have many friends ? Yes , I like to make new friends . What do you usually do with them ?
Hey , what's new ? Not much . Just sitting here eating some Chinese food . Is that the paper ? Why don't you open it and tell me my horoscope ? Ok , wait a minute ... let's see . I'm a Taurus , and it says , Mars is in the third house , and is soon to eclipse Venus . I don't know what that means , but then it says , Your charm and drive will win others over to your way of thinking . Remember to be positive . Sounds good to me . What about Gemini ? What's the prediction ?
Not much . Just sitting here eating some Chinese food . Is that the paper ? Why don't you open it and tell me my horoscope ? Ok , wait a minute ... let's see . I'm a Taurus , and it says , Mars is in the third house , and is soon to eclipse Venus . I don't know what that means , but then it says , Your charm and drive will win others over to your way of thinking . Remember to be positive . Sounds good to me . What about Gemini ? What's the prediction ? Since Mercury has crossed paths with Jupiter , your fortunes are falling . Bad luck will follow you today , and you will lose that which you value . Be careful .
Ok , wait a minute ... let's see . I'm a Taurus , and it says , Mars is in the third house , and is soon to eclipse Venus . I don't know what that means , but then it says , Your charm and drive will win others over to your way of thinking . Remember to be positive . Sounds good to me . What about Gemini ? What's the prediction ? Since Mercury has crossed paths with Jupiter , your fortunes are falling . Bad luck will follow you today , and you will lose that which you value . Be careful . That sounds bad ! I'm really worried , what should I do ? Maybe I should go home and stay in the rest of the day .
How may I help you ? I ' m having a problem . What problem are you having ? There have been charges made on my debit card that I didn ' t make .
I ' m having a problem . What problem are you having ? There have been charges made on my debit card that I didn ' t make . Do you have the statement for your card ?
What problem are you having ? There have been charges made on my debit card that I didn ' t make . Do you have the statement for your card ? Here it is .
There have been charges made on my debit card that I didn ' t make . Do you have the statement for your card ? Here it is . What are the charges you ' re referring to ?
Do you have the statement for your card ? Here it is . What are the charges you ' re referring to ? The last four charges on the page .
Here it is . What are the charges you ' re referring to ? The last four charges on the page . I ' m afraid we ' re going to have to investigate these charges .
What are the charges you ' re referring to ? The last four charges on the page . I ' m afraid we ' re going to have to investigate these charges . How long will an investigation take ?
The last four charges on the page . I ' m afraid we ' re going to have to investigate these charges . How long will an investigation take ? I honestly don ' t know , but we will freeze payment on these charges .
I want to buy a black suit . Certainty . Do you want double breasted suit or single breasted suit ? I prefer single breasted suit . What about this one ? It's a very nice 3 - piece suit .
Hello , Miss Wu , This is Dan Robson calling from OTC limited . I'd like to check my last order . When exactly was it sent out ? I can check that for you right now . Would you mind holding ? Sure . No problem . Mr . Robson , I'm sorry . Our computer system is down . Could I call you back later ?
I can check that for you right now . Would you mind holding ? Sure . No problem . Mr . Robson , I'm sorry . Our computer system is down . Could I call you back later ? Sure . Do you have my number ?
Sure . No problem . Mr . Robson , I'm sorry . Our computer system is down . Could I call you back later ? Sure . Do you have my number ? Yes , I have it right here . I'm so sorry about this .
Do you have any questions ? Yes , do I have to work a whole year before I can take a vacation ? Yes , after you ' Ve been here a year , you qualify for a three-day vacation Only three days ?
Yes , do I have to work a whole year before I can take a vacation ? Yes , after you ' Ve been here a year , you qualify for a three-day vacation Only three days ? That's the company policy .
Yes , after you ' Ve been here a year , you qualify for a three-day vacation Only three days ? That's the company policy . What happens if I use up my sick days before the end of the year ? If I ' m sick an extra day or two , will my pay be deducted ?
Only three days ? That's the company policy . What happens if I use up my sick days before the end of the year ? If I ' m sick an extra day or two , will my pay be deducted ? Yes . That's the company policy .
David , I ' m going to China . Really ? How did you get the chance ? You know . I took part in the Chinese contest . I was the best and they gave me this reward . I don ' t have to pay for my trip . Congratulations . How lucky you are !
Really ? How did you get the chance ? You know . I took part in the Chinese contest . I was the best and they gave me this reward . I don ' t have to pay for my trip . Congratulations . How lucky you are ! Thank you . I ' m leaving tomorrow morning .
You know . I took part in the Chinese contest . I was the best and they gave me this reward . I don ' t have to pay for my trip . Congratulations . How lucky you are ! Thank you . I ' m leaving tomorrow morning . I ' m sure you ' ll enjoy the trip . China is such a beautiful country .
Congratulations . How lucky you are ! Thank you . I ' m leaving tomorrow morning . I ' m sure you ' ll enjoy the trip . China is such a beautiful country . I ' m sure I will .
Thank you . I ' m leaving tomorrow morning . I ' m sure you ' ll enjoy the trip . China is such a beautiful country . I ' m sure I will . Have a nice journey , Lily .
That dress is very pretty . Why don ' t you like it ? It ' s too loud . We ' Ve been looking around for many hours . What on earth are you looking for ? Well , you know , those styles or colors don ' t suit me .
It ' s too loud . We ' Ve been looking around for many hours . What on earth are you looking for ? Well , you know , those styles or colors don ' t suit me . What style do you want ?
We ' Ve been looking around for many hours . What on earth are you looking for ? Well , you know , those styles or colors don ' t suit me . What style do you want ? I want to buy a V-neck checked sweater , and it should be tight .
Well , you know , those styles or colors don ' t suit me . What style do you want ? I want to buy a V-neck checked sweater , and it should be tight . Oh , I see . How about the color ?
What style do you want ? I want to buy a V-neck checked sweater , and it should be tight . Oh , I see . How about the color ? Quiet color .
I want to buy a V-neck checked sweater , and it should be tight . Oh , I see . How about the color ? Quiet color . I know a shop selling this kind of sweaters .
Good morning . Craftsman Company . Can I help you ? Yes , good morning . This is Mr . Suzuki from Video TV . May I speak to Mr . Johnson ? I'm sorry , but Mr . Johnson is out at the moment . Can I take a message ? Uh , yes , okay . Tell him John Suzuki called . That's S-U-Z-U-K-I .
Yes , good morning . This is Mr . Suzuki from Video TV . May I speak to Mr . Johnson ? I'm sorry , but Mr . Johnson is out at the moment . Can I take a message ? Uh , yes , okay . Tell him John Suzuki called . That's S-U-Z-U-K-I . Yes .
I'm sorry , but Mr . Johnson is out at the moment . Can I take a message ? Uh , yes , okay . Tell him John Suzuki called . That's S-U-Z-U-K-I . Yes . From Video TV .
Uh , yes , okay . Tell him John Suzuki called . That's S-U-Z-U-K-I . Yes . From Video TV . Yes , Video TV .
Yes . From Video TV . Yes , Video TV . Tell him I telephoned . I'd like to see him about the videotapes . Can he call me this afternoon ?
From Video TV . Yes , Video TV . Tell him I telephoned . I'd like to see him about the videotapes . Can he call me this afternoon ? Yes , Of course . What's your telephone number ?
Yes , Video TV . Tell him I telephoned . I'd like to see him about the videotapes . Can he call me this afternoon ? Yes , Of course . What's your telephone number ? It's , area code 413 , 447-9626 .
Tell him I telephoned . I'd like to see him about the videotapes . Can he call me this afternoon ? Yes , Of course . What's your telephone number ? It's , area code 413 , 447-9626 . That is 413-447-9662 ?
Yes , Of course . What's your telephone number ? It's , area code 413 , 447-9626 . That is 413-447-9662 ? No , that's 447-9626 .
It's , area code 413 , 447-9626 . That is 413-447-9662 ? No , that's 447-9626 . Oh , I'm sorry , 447-9626 .
That is 413-447-9662 ? No , that's 447-9626 . Oh , I'm sorry , 447-9626 . Yes , that's right . Extension 162 .
No , that's 447-9626 . Oh , I'm sorry , 447-9626 . Yes , that's right . Extension 162 . Extension 162 . Okay , Mr . Suzuki . I'll give him the message .
Oh , I'm sorry , 447-9626 . Yes , that's right . Extension 162 . Extension 162 . Okay , Mr . Suzuki . I'll give him the message . Thank you . Good-bye .
Do you think they two will get married ? Yeah , you can count on it . I think so . Yes , they get along so well . I like him . He's good for her .
What kind of gas does this car take ? I don't know . It's a rental . I will give you premium unleaded . Alright ? Sure , why not ?
I don't know . It's a rental . I will give you premium unleaded . Alright ? Sure , why not ? That is the pump you are in front of .
I will give you premium unleaded . Alright ? Sure , why not ? That is the pump you are in front of . Is it expensive ?
Sure , why not ? That is the pump you are in front of . Is it expensive ? It is the most expensive .
That is the pump you are in front of . Is it expensive ? It is the most expensive . Well , I don't want it then . Can I move to another pump ?
Is it expensive ? It is the most expensive . Well , I don't want it then . Can I move to another pump ? Yes , I can give you regular unleaded . But you have to back up the car a little .
It is the most expensive . Well , I don't want it then . Can I move to another pump ? Yes , I can give you regular unleaded . But you have to back up the car a little . Give me regular unleaded then . I will back up . Can you wash my windows for me ?
Well , I don't want it then . Can I move to another pump ? Yes , I can give you regular unleaded . But you have to back up the car a little . Give me regular unleaded then . I will back up . Can you wash my windows for me ? I'm sorry , sir . This is not a full service gas station . I will help you fill the gas , but we don't wash windows here .
What's the matter , John ? you seemed to be restless today . You see , I've been offered a new job . I can't decide whether to take it or not . Oh , that's easy . If it's better than the one you are doing now , go for it . That's my advice . It isn't that easy . I hate to quit my present job . People around here are very nice and the work itself is challenging .
You see , I've been offered a new job . I can't decide whether to take it or not . Oh , that's easy . If it's better than the one you are doing now , go for it . That's my advice . It isn't that easy . I hate to quit my present job . People around here are very nice and the work itself is challenging . Then what about the salary ? Would you get more ?
Oh , that's easy . If it's better than the one you are doing now , go for it . That's my advice . It isn't that easy . I hate to quit my present job . People around here are very nice and the work itself is challenging . Then what about the salary ? Would you get more ? Yes , they say I would get a big sum .
It isn't that easy . I hate to quit my present job . People around here are very nice and the work itself is challenging . Then what about the salary ? Would you get more ? Yes , they say I would get a big sum . Have you discussed it with your wife ?
Then what about the salary ? Would you get more ? Yes , they say I would get a big sum . Have you discussed it with your wife ? Yes , she leaves it to me .
Yes , they say I would get a big sum . Have you discussed it with your wife ? Yes , she leaves it to me . As I say it the work is well worth try . After all you can get a higher salary .
I feel like going for a drink , it's been a long day . Great idea ! Peter , I could use the drink . How about the new bar across the road ? Sounds good . The food there is fantastic too .
Great idea ! Peter , I could use the drink . How about the new bar across the road ? Sounds good . The food there is fantastic too . I agree , I had lunch there last week .
Hi , Alice , what are you doing this sunday ? Nothing really , why , what ' s up ? If you are free , maybe you would like to go to a small party and having for my birthday party . It will be fun , you will get to know lots of people . Sounds great , I'd very much like to accept your invitation , thanks , when ?
Nothing really , why , what ' s up ? If you are free , maybe you would like to go to a small party and having for my birthday party . It will be fun , you will get to know lots of people . Sounds great , I'd very much like to accept your invitation , thanks , when ? Around six pm .
If you are free , maybe you would like to go to a small party and having for my birthday party . It will be fun , you will get to know lots of people . Sounds great , I'd very much like to accept your invitation , thanks , when ? Around six pm . Do you need help setting up or anything ? I don't mind . I like to do that kind of thing . It's fun and I have a good eye for decorating .
Sounds great , I'd very much like to accept your invitation , thanks , when ? Around six pm . Do you need help setting up or anything ? I don't mind . I like to do that kind of thing . It's fun and I have a good eye for decorating . No . thank you . I can handle it , but thanks for the offer .
Around six pm . Do you need help setting up or anything ? I don't mind . I like to do that kind of thing . It's fun and I have a good eye for decorating . No . thank you . I can handle it , but thanks for the offer . Ok , I will see you then .
Honey , I ' ll be right back ! Where are you going ? I told you already ! I ' m going to get my nails done . Again ? You just went last week ! You spend more time at the nail salon than you do here at home ! Honestly , why do you need a manicure every week ?
Where are you going ? I told you already ! I ' m going to get my nails done . Again ? You just went last week ! You spend more time at the nail salon than you do here at home ! Honestly , why do you need a manicure every week ? Well , first of all , I like to pamper myself , and my nails look great . You should come with me !
I told you already ! I ' m going to get my nails done . Again ? You just went last week ! You spend more time at the nail salon than you do here at home ! Honestly , why do you need a manicure every week ? Well , first of all , I like to pamper myself , and my nails look great . You should come with me ! Why ? I don ' t want to have nail polish or anything like that !
Again ? You just went last week ! You spend more time at the nail salon than you do here at home ! Honestly , why do you need a manicure every week ? Well , first of all , I like to pamper myself , and my nails look great . You should come with me ! Why ? I don ' t want to have nail polish or anything like that ! They don ' t only paint my nails ! The manicurist will remove my cuticles , file my nails , and apply at least nails coats of nail polish !
I'll be willing to come and talk about the financing of our imports . It can be solved by drawing a draft on us at 90 days sight . What about a draft at 120 days sight ? All right . But we demand the draft be accepted by a bank acceptable to us .
It can be solved by drawing a draft on us at 90 days sight . What about a draft at 120 days sight ? All right . But we demand the draft be accepted by a bank acceptable to us . A bank's acceptance will add to the costs of our imports . You can rest assured that we will accept the draft and honour it when it comes due .
What about a draft at 120 days sight ? All right . But we demand the draft be accepted by a bank acceptable to us . A bank's acceptance will add to the costs of our imports . You can rest assured that we will accept the draft and honour it when it comes due . Then we will be in a position to arrange for a loan from our bank . You know we exports would like to have our investments returned as early as possible .
All right . But we demand the draft be accepted by a bank acceptable to us . A bank's acceptance will add to the costs of our imports . You can rest assured that we will accept the draft and honour it when it comes due . Then we will be in a position to arrange for a loan from our bank . You know we exports would like to have our investments returned as early as possible . I hope this transaction will pave the way for further business relations between our two countries .
I want something sweet after dinner . What do you have in mind ? A dessert sounds nice . What kind are you thinking of getting ?
What do you have in mind ? A dessert sounds nice . What kind are you thinking of getting ? I want to get some pie .
A dessert sounds nice . What kind are you thinking of getting ? I want to get some pie . What kind of pie do you want ?
What kind are you thinking of getting ? I want to get some pie . What kind of pie do you want ? I have no idea .
I want to get some pie . What kind of pie do you want ? I have no idea . Do you want to know what kind of pie I like ?
What kind of pie do you want ? I have no idea . Do you want to know what kind of pie I like ? Sure , what kind do you like ?
I have no idea . Do you want to know what kind of pie I like ? Sure , what kind do you like ? I love apple pie .
Do you want to know what kind of pie I like ? Sure , what kind do you like ? I love apple pie . Oh , I love apple pie too .
The product's selling points is its advanced technoledge . Unfortunately , it's just too expensive for majority of consumer to afford . Why is the price so high ? It's not just that the price is high , it's that the overhead to update an entire computer system to be compatible is costly .
Unfortunately , it's just too expensive for majority of consumer to afford . Why is the price so high ? It's not just that the price is high , it's that the overhead to update an entire computer system to be compatible is costly . Model of computers aren't compatible ?
Why is the price so high ? It's not just that the price is high , it's that the overhead to update an entire computer system to be compatible is costly . Model of computers aren't compatible ? Most current computer systems simply can't handle it because this model truly has extraordinary capabilities .
It's not just that the price is high , it's that the overhead to update an entire computer system to be compatible is costly . Model of computers aren't compatible ? Most current computer systems simply can't handle it because this model truly has extraordinary capabilities . Maybe after the next generation of technology comes out , the price of this model will become more affordable .
Model of computers aren't compatible ? Most current computer systems simply can't handle it because this model truly has extraordinary capabilities . Maybe after the next generation of technology comes out , the price of this model will become more affordable . But by then , the technology will be outdated .
Most current computer systems simply can't handle it because this model truly has extraordinary capabilities . Maybe after the next generation of technology comes out , the price of this model will become more affordable . But by then , the technology will be outdated . True , but our focus has never been affordability anyway . Coastwise , we may not be very competitive , but qualitywise , we definitely have an edge .
Maybe after the next generation of technology comes out , the price of this model will become more affordable . But by then , the technology will be outdated . True , but our focus has never been affordability anyway . Coastwise , we may not be very competitive , but qualitywise , we definitely have an edge . That's right , no one else has a product on the market now that is comparable .
But by then , the technology will be outdated . True , but our focus has never been affordability anyway . Coastwise , we may not be very competitive , but qualitywise , we definitely have an edge . That's right , no one else has a product on the market now that is comparable . This model has advanced technoledge , superior components , it is compact , and it's a top-quality product .
Marketing manage office , can I help you ? Mr Green , please . Sorry , he's out . What time you suspect back them ?
Mr Green , please . Sorry , he's out . What time you suspect back them ? Sorry , I am not sure , can I take a message ?
Sorry , he's out . What time you suspect back them ? Sorry , I am not sure , can I take a message ? No , thanks . I'll call back later .
What time you suspect back them ? Sorry , I am not sure , can I take a message ? No , thanks . I'll call back later . That's fine . please call again later .
Have you heard what happened ? Heard what ? Deborah already had her baby . I didn't know that .
Heard what ? Deborah already had her baby . I didn't know that . I thought you knew .
Deborah already had her baby . I didn't know that . I thought you knew . I honestly didn't know .
I didn't know that . I thought you knew . I honestly didn't know . The baby was 8 pounds 6 ounces .
I thought you knew . I honestly didn't know . The baby was 8 pounds 6 ounces . That's good to hear .
I honestly didn't know . The baby was 8 pounds 6 ounces . That's good to hear . Will you go and visit them ?
The baby was 8 pounds 6 ounces . That's good to hear . Will you go and visit them ? Of course I will .
That's good to hear . Will you go and visit them ? Of course I will . I just wanted to give you the good news .
The air conditioning is not working ! We need to call a handyman before we start to fry in here ! Dan is on top of that . I think they are also getting the handyman to fix the bathroom toilet that keeps clogging up . That would be convenient . They might as well ask him to fix the electrical wiring . The circuit breakers keep going out all the time . It ' s really annoying ! Yeah you are right . This office is falling apart ! Frank told me the other day that the gutters outside were clogged and that ' s why the parking lot was flooded .
What do you think of this one ? Eh , so so . And this one ? Too flashy ? Nah , not too flashy .
Eh , so so . And this one ? Too flashy ? Nah , not too flashy . Hug ! And this sweater from my aunt ? Isn ' t it hideous ?
And this one ? Too flashy ? Nah , not too flashy . Hug ! And this sweater from my aunt ? Isn ' t it hideous ? I guess .
Nah , not too flashy . Hug ! And this sweater from my aunt ? Isn ' t it hideous ? I guess . Are you even listening ? I ' m trying to have a conversation with you .
Hug ! And this sweater from my aunt ? Isn ' t it hideous ? I guess . Are you even listening ? I ' m trying to have a conversation with you . And I ' m trying to watch the game , but you ' re yapping on about your new clothes !
I guess . Are you even listening ? I ' m trying to have a conversation with you . And I ' m trying to watch the game , but you ' re yapping on about your new clothes ! Well I have to decide which gifts to keep and which to exchange for better ones when I go to the Boxing Day sales this afternoon !
Are you even listening ? I ' m trying to have a conversation with you . And I ' m trying to watch the game , but you ' re yapping on about your new clothes ! Well I have to decide which gifts to keep and which to exchange for better ones when I go to the Boxing Day sales this afternoon ! Well could you do me the favor of making this quick ? It ' s the third quarter and you ' Ve been blabbering on since the first !
And I ' m trying to watch the game , but you ' re yapping on about your new clothes ! Well I have to decide which gifts to keep and which to exchange for better ones when I go to the Boxing Day sales this afternoon ! Well could you do me the favor of making this quick ? It ' s the third quarter and you ' Ve been blabbering on since the first ! Oh , your precious game . You watch the same game every year , and each year your beloved hometown team loses by at least three goals !
Well I have to decide which gifts to keep and which to exchange for better ones when I go to the Boxing Day sales this afternoon ! Well could you do me the favor of making this quick ? It ' s the third quarter and you ' Ve been blabbering on since the first ! Oh , your precious game . You watch the same game every year , and each year your beloved hometown team loses by at least three goals ! Oh no you didn ' t . You didn ' t just insult the Sals-bury Seals , did you ? Why don ' t you just . just go and return all of those stupid clothes and not come back until the sales are over ?
What time does the train for Tibet leave ? It will leave at 3:00 p . m . When does it arrive ? It should be due in at 7:30 a . m . tomorrow .
It will leave at 3:00 p . m . When does it arrive ? It should be due in at 7:30 a . m . tomorrow . How much is the ticket ?
When does it arrive ? It should be due in at 7:30 a . m . tomorrow . How much is the ticket ? It's 86 coach and 175 berths
What type of people do you work with most effectively ? I tend to work well with people who are confident and straightforward . It ' s more difficult for me to be around timid people , because I move quickly and I am decisive . What things impress you in your colleagues ? I admire and work best with people who are of good character and integrity . I also think confidence and enthusiasm is positive in any business environment .
I tend to work well with people who are confident and straightforward . It ' s more difficult for me to be around timid people , because I move quickly and I am decisive . What things impress you in your colleagues ? I admire and work best with people who are of good character and integrity . I also think confidence and enthusiasm is positive in any business environment . What are some of the things your supervisor did that you disliked ?
What things impress you in your colleagues ? I admire and work best with people who are of good character and integrity . I also think confidence and enthusiasm is positive in any business environment . What are some of the things your supervisor did that you disliked ? The only thing I really don't like is to get feedback in front of others . I want to hear good and bad feedback in private , so that I have time to think and react to the issue without other distractions . I believe that's the fair way to improve learning or to change future behavior .
I admire and work best with people who are of good character and integrity . I also think confidence and enthusiasm is positive in any business environment . What are some of the things your supervisor did that you disliked ? The only thing I really don't like is to get feedback in front of others . I want to hear good and bad feedback in private , so that I have time to think and react to the issue without other distractions . I believe that's the fair way to improve learning or to change future behavior . How do you organize and plan for major projects ?
What are some of the things your supervisor did that you disliked ? The only thing I really don't like is to get feedback in front of others . I want to hear good and bad feedback in private , so that I have time to think and react to the issue without other distractions . I believe that's the fair way to improve learning or to change future behavior . How do you organize and plan for major projects ? I love to brainstorm a best , worst , and most likely scenario . Then , I set a timetable that's realistic . What I usually find is that some combination of my schedule easily as these things unfold because I've already visualized what could happen and how I'd react .
The only thing I really don't like is to get feedback in front of others . I want to hear good and bad feedback in private , so that I have time to think and react to the issue without other distractions . I believe that's the fair way to improve learning or to change future behavior . How do you organize and plan for major projects ? I love to brainstorm a best , worst , and most likely scenario . Then , I set a timetable that's realistic . What I usually find is that some combination of my schedule easily as these things unfold because I've already visualized what could happen and how I'd react . Describe an experience when you had to work under great pressure .
How do you organize and plan for major projects ? I love to brainstorm a best , worst , and most likely scenario . Then , I set a timetable that's realistic . What I usually find is that some combination of my schedule easily as these things unfold because I've already visualized what could happen and how I'd react . Describe an experience when you had to work under great pressure . I had to complete an end of quarter report once while I was on the road for two consecutive weeks . The amount of telephoning back and forth was incredible , because I could't bring my office files with me . Luckily I had a great secretary and a logical filling system , so we located everything we needed .
I love to brainstorm a best , worst , and most likely scenario . Then , I set a timetable that's realistic . What I usually find is that some combination of my schedule easily as these things unfold because I've already visualized what could happen and how I'd react . Describe an experience when you had to work under great pressure . I had to complete an end of quarter report once while I was on the road for two consecutive weeks . The amount of telephoning back and forth was incredible , because I could't bring my office files with me . Luckily I had a great secretary and a logical filling system , so we located everything we needed . How do you manage your time in a typical day ?
Describe an experience when you had to work under great pressure . I had to complete an end of quarter report once while I was on the road for two consecutive weeks . The amount of telephoning back and forth was incredible , because I could't bring my office files with me . Luckily I had a great secretary and a logical filling system , so we located everything we needed . How do you manage your time in a typical day ? I've always given priority to work with established clients , because they offer a better risk / return value . The last thing I do is general correspondence , especially internal correspondence , which I take care of at the end of the day or week .
I had to complete an end of quarter report once while I was on the road for two consecutive weeks . The amount of telephoning back and forth was incredible , because I could't bring my office files with me . Luckily I had a great secretary and a logical filling system , so we located everything we needed . How do you manage your time in a typical day ? I've always given priority to work with established clients , because they offer a better risk / return value . The last thing I do is general correspondence , especially internal correspondence , which I take care of at the end of the day or week . Describe a time when you acted on someone's suggestion .
How do you spend your day , Helen ? Well , on weekdays I get up around ten . Then I read the paper for an hour and have lunch at about noon . Really ? What time do you go to work ? I start work at three .
Well , on weekdays I get up around ten . Then I read the paper for an hour and have lunch at about noon . Really ? What time do you go to work ? I start work at three . And when do you get home at night ?
Really ? What time do you go to work ? I start work at three . And when do you get home at night ? I get home pretty late , around midnight .
I start work at three . And when do you get home at night ? I get home pretty late , around midnight . So what do you do , exactly ?
And when do you get home at night ? I get home pretty late , around midnight . So what do you do , exactly ? I'm a TV announcer . Don't you recognize me ? I do the weather report on KNT !
Do you have anything to do after this ? No , I don't . Shall we drop in somewhere for a couple of drinks ? That sounds like a good idea .
No , I don't . Shall we drop in somewhere for a couple of drinks ? That sounds like a good idea . I know a very interesting place .
Man , I'm hungry . Do you know a good place to have lunch ? Yes , I know a great place . What types of food do you like ? Mexican , Japanese or Chinese would be great . Oh , I know a place where you might like to eat .
Yes , I know a great place . What types of food do you like ? Mexican , Japanese or Chinese would be great . Oh , I know a place where you might like to eat . Is it close by ?
Mexican , Japanese or Chinese would be great . Oh , I know a place where you might like to eat . Is it close by ? It's down a block on the right ; can I show you the way ?
Oh , I know a place where you might like to eat . Is it close by ? It's down a block on the right ; can I show you the way ? OK , I'd love the company .
Good morning , I would like to reserve a berth . Which train do you like ? T112 to Washington please . May I have your name ?
Have you adapted to the lifestyle in China ? Yeah , almost . But there is one thing . What ? I still wonder what privacy meant for Chinese people . I don't mean to say that there's no privacy in China , but ...
Yeah , almost . But there is one thing . What ? I still wonder what privacy meant for Chinese people . I don't mean to say that there's no privacy in China , but ... What is it ?
What ? I still wonder what privacy meant for Chinese people . I don't mean to say that there's no privacy in China , but ... What is it ? Some of my Chinese colleagues just share their personal stories in front of others .
I still wonder what privacy meant for Chinese people . I don't mean to say that there's no privacy in China , but ... What is it ? Some of my Chinese colleagues just share their personal stories in front of others . That makes you feel uncomfortable ?
What is it ? Some of my Chinese colleagues just share their personal stories in front of others . That makes you feel uncomfortable ? Yeah . we never do that in a public office .
Some of my Chinese colleagues just share their personal stories in front of others . That makes you feel uncomfortable ? Yeah . we never do that in a public office . Perhaps that's because we hold different ideas about privacy .
That makes you feel uncomfortable ? Yeah . we never do that in a public office . Perhaps that's because we hold different ideas about privacy . I have felt that . One day when i was in a queue , reading a newspaper story , the man behind me peered through my shoulder and stared at the newspaper I was holding .
Yeah . we never do that in a public office . Perhaps that's because we hold different ideas about privacy . I have felt that . One day when i was in a queue , reading a newspaper story , the man behind me peered through my shoulder and stared at the newspaper I was holding . Well , that's not rare . I've seen people reading at others ' newspaper while taking a metro or a bus .
Perhaps that's because we hold different ideas about privacy . I have felt that . One day when i was in a queue , reading a newspaper story , the man behind me peered through my shoulder and stared at the newspaper I was holding . Well , that's not rare . I've seen people reading at others ' newspaper while taking a metro or a bus . Just stare at the newspaper holding in the hands of the one next to him ?
I have felt that . One day when i was in a queue , reading a newspaper story , the man behind me peered through my shoulder and stared at the newspaper I was holding . Well , that's not rare . I've seen people reading at others ' newspaper while taking a metro or a bus . Just stare at the newspaper holding in the hands of the one next to him ? Yeah .
Steven , shall we go shopping tomorrow ? Hum ... Why not go shopping the day after tomorrow ? Tomorrow is Saturday . I hate all the hustle and bustle of Saturday shopping . But Sunday is the same with Saturday . If you don ' t mind , that's OK . Hum . Maybe it will be better . The most important thing is that I can have a day to relax after a week's work .
Hum ... Why not go shopping the day after tomorrow ? Tomorrow is Saturday . I hate all the hustle and bustle of Saturday shopping . But Sunday is the same with Saturday . If you don ' t mind , that's OK . Hum . Maybe it will be better . The most important thing is that I can have a day to relax after a week's work . I see . We will go the day after tomorrow .
But Sunday is the same with Saturday . If you don ' t mind , that's OK . Hum . Maybe it will be better . The most important thing is that I can have a day to relax after a week's work . I see . We will go the day after tomorrow . By the way , what kind of stores do we need to go ?
Hum . Maybe it will be better . The most important thing is that I can have a day to relax after a week's work . I see . We will go the day after tomorrow . By the way , what kind of stores do we need to go ? I want to buy some clothes in clothing store . When we are going back , go to the butcher's shop and buy some chicken .
I see . We will go the day after tomorrow . By the way , what kind of stores do we need to go ? I want to buy some clothes in clothing store . When we are going back , go to the butcher's shop and buy some chicken . Let ' s also go to the jewelry store to buy a crystal necklace . I want to buy one for you as your birthday present .
Here is the fish counter . Look at the lobsters and crabs . Shall we have some ? I'm allergic to these things , you know . Sorry , I forgot . I don ' t like seafood , neither . Let ' s go over there and get some milk , a couple dozen eggs and some orange juice .
I'm allergic to these things , you know . Sorry , I forgot . I don ' t like seafood , neither . Let ' s go over there and get some milk , a couple dozen eggs and some orange juice . Let's get frozen juice . It is really good . We ' Ve got enough food . Let ' s go over to the check-out stand .
Sorry . I didn't mean to be late . Can I come in ? What's your excuse this time ? Have I used the one that my sister is sick ? Yes , twice last week .
What's your excuse this time ? Have I used the one that my sister is sick ? Yes , twice last week . Are you sure ? I thought I said it was my mother .
Have I used the one that my sister is sick ? Yes , twice last week . Are you sure ? I thought I said it was my mother . I don't think so . But it could've been .
Yes , twice last week . Are you sure ? I thought I said it was my mother . I don't think so . But it could've been . Well . You can trust me this time . My sister is definitely sick . I'm just coming from the hospital . They say she might even die .
Are you sure ? I thought I said it was my mother . I don't think so . But it could've been . Well . You can trust me this time . My sister is definitely sick . I'm just coming from the hospital . They say she might even die . I don't buy your story . Try not to have any more sick relatives this week , all right ?
I don't think so . But it could've been . Well . You can trust me this time . My sister is definitely sick . I'm just coming from the hospital . They say she might even die . I don't buy your story . Try not to have any more sick relatives this week , all right ? I'll do my best .
Well . You can trust me this time . My sister is definitely sick . I'm just coming from the hospital . They say she might even die . I don't buy your story . Try not to have any more sick relatives this week , all right ? I'll do my best . Just try to be a little more punctual in the future .
I'm so glad I bought this watch ! Cool ! Flashy red lines ! I think this is the coolest watch I've ever owned . Is it waterproof ?
Cool ! Flashy red lines ! I think this is the coolest watch I've ever owned . Is it waterproof ? Isn't that a silly question ? You know how much of an athlete I am .
I think this is the coolest watch I've ever owned . Is it waterproof ? Isn't that a silly question ? You know how much of an athlete I am . Uh , huh ... so what kind of sports do you need a waterproof watch for ?
Is there anything else , apart from the Credit Rating and Debt to Asset Ratio ? There is the Balance of Net Liabilities . This must not exceed its net assets and no business loss can be shown during the past two years . Right , OK . That , again , shouldn't be a problem . And the total ratio of return on assets should not be lower than the average , for that particular industry , for the first two quarters of the year .
There is the Balance of Net Liabilities . This must not exceed its net assets and no business loss can be shown during the past two years . Right , OK . That , again , shouldn't be a problem . And the total ratio of return on assets should not be lower than the average , for that particular industry , for the first two quarters of the year . Well , as far as I can tell , we qualify .
Hi , Sam . I want to buy a pet . Do you have any ideas ? You really should go to Rachel's pet store . Why ? anything special there ? It's more than special . You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more .
You really should go to Rachel's pet store . Why ? anything special there ? It's more than special . You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more . Oh , really ? are there any snakes ?
Why ? anything special there ? It's more than special . You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more . Oh , really ? are there any snakes ? Snakes ? there are even rodents and monkeys ! it's a world of exotic pets .
It's more than special . You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more . Oh , really ? are there any snakes ? Snakes ? there are even rodents and monkeys ! it's a world of exotic pets . That's terrific . I can't wait to check it out .
Oh , really ? are there any snakes ? Snakes ? there are even rodents and monkeys ! it's a world of exotic pets . That's terrific . I can't wait to check it out . Hang on . are you sure you want to keep a non-traditional pet ?
Snakes ? there are even rodents and monkeys ! it's a world of exotic pets . That's terrific . I can't wait to check it out . Hang on . are you sure you want to keep a non-traditional pet ? Why not ? it's so cool .
That's terrific . I can't wait to check it out . Hang on . are you sure you want to keep a non-traditional pet ? Why not ? it's so cool . But it will pose a risk to your health .
Hang on . are you sure you want to keep a non-traditional pet ? Why not ? it's so cool . But it will pose a risk to your health . Pardon ?
Why not ? it's so cool . But it will pose a risk to your health . Pardon ? I mean , most reptiles carry some harmful bacteria , they are likely to cause immune system problems .
But it will pose a risk to your health . Pardon ? I mean , most reptiles carry some harmful bacteria , they are likely to cause immune system problems . Well , I didn't realize that .
Pardon ? I mean , most reptiles carry some harmful bacteria , they are likely to cause immune system problems . Well , I didn't realize that . I don't believe it's a good choice to keep those pets , especially for families with young children .
I mean , most reptiles carry some harmful bacteria , they are likely to cause immune system problems . Well , I didn't realize that . I don't believe it's a good choice to keep those pets , especially for families with young children . Oh , I should have thought of my brother's baby girl . Maybe I'll just have a dog instead of an exotic pet .
Good evening . What'll you have ? I'd like a beer . What kind of beer do you have ? Draft beer and cans beer . Which do you prefer ? A draft beer please .
I'd like a beer . What kind of beer do you have ? Draft beer and cans beer . Which do you prefer ? A draft beer please . OK . Here you are .
Draft beer and cans beer . Which do you prefer ? A draft beer please . OK . Here you are . Could I have some fruit ?
Want to send out for some Chinese ? Some what ? Some Chinese food . I'm hungry , and there's a take-out restaurant near here . We can have them deliver and then watch the news on TV while we eat . No , I'd rather go out . The Chinese food here is rather different from what I had at home . Maybe we can try some other food today ... What about that all-you-can-eat place we passed the other day , the one over in the shopping center ?
Some what ? Some Chinese food . I'm hungry , and there's a take-out restaurant near here . We can have them deliver and then watch the news on TV while we eat . No , I'd rather go out . The Chinese food here is rather different from what I had at home . Maybe we can try some other food today ... What about that all-you-can-eat place we passed the other day , the one over in the shopping center ? Okay . I could go for that . It's called Al's Steakhouse . They also have great fried fish , and I love their salad bar . You can go back to refill your plate as often as you like .
Some Chinese food . I'm hungry , and there's a take-out restaurant near here . We can have them deliver and then watch the news on TV while we eat . No , I'd rather go out . The Chinese food here is rather different from what I had at home . Maybe we can try some other food today ... What about that all-you-can-eat place we passed the other day , the one over in the shopping center ? Okay . I could go for that . It's called Al's Steakhouse . They also have great fried fish , and I love their salad bar . You can go back to refill your plate as often as you like . Is that the place that serves such large portions of meat ?
No , I'd rather go out . The Chinese food here is rather different from what I had at home . Maybe we can try some other food today ... What about that all-you-can-eat place we passed the other day , the one over in the shopping center ? Okay . I could go for that . It's called Al's Steakhouse . They also have great fried fish , and I love their salad bar . You can go back to refill your plate as often as you like . Is that the place that serves such large portions of meat ? Yes , their steaks are enormous . Sometimes I can't finish what I've ordered .
Okay . I could go for that . It's called Al's Steakhouse . They also have great fried fish , and I love their salad bar . You can go back to refill your plate as often as you like . Is that the place that serves such large portions of meat ? Yes , their steaks are enormous . Sometimes I can't finish what I've ordered . What if that happens to me ? I hate to let food go to waste .
Have you ever tried shopping online ? No , never . I prefer to actually see and touch what I'm buying before I pay for it , especially for clothes and shoes . That's right . Seeing is believing . I've heard some friends say when they get the article , it's quite different from what they see on the website advertisement .
No , never . I prefer to actually see and touch what I'm buying before I pay for it , especially for clothes and shoes . That's right . Seeing is believing . I've heard some friends say when they get the article , it's quite different from what they see on the website advertisement . That happens . Without close quality examination , we may encounter fraud , and the e-shop may suddenly disappear .
That's right . Seeing is believing . I've heard some friends say when they get the article , it's quite different from what they see on the website advertisement . That happens . Without close quality examination , we may encounter fraud , and the e-shop may suddenly disappear . What's more , it's not always so safe for us to pay online as hackers might steal the user name and password .
I've heard some friends say when they get the article , it's quite different from what they see on the website advertisement . That happens . Without close quality examination , we may encounter fraud , and the e-shop may suddenly disappear . What's more , it's not always so safe for us to pay online as hackers might steal the user name and password . It's said that some measures have been taken to deal with this problem . Paying online is much safer than before , but I still have the feeling that it's not safe enough .
That happens . Without close quality examination , we may encounter fraud , and the e-shop may suddenly disappear . What's more , it's not always so safe for us to pay online as hackers might steal the user name and password . It's said that some measures have been taken to deal with this problem . Paying online is much safer than before , but I still have the feeling that it's not safe enough . I can't agree more . that's why I only do street shopping .
What's more , it's not always so safe for us to pay online as hackers might steal the user name and password . It's said that some measures have been taken to deal with this problem . Paying online is much safer than before , but I still have the feeling that it's not safe enough . I can't agree more . that's why I only do street shopping . Me too . Sometimes I surf online shops to check some related information , and then go to a physical store to do the actual shopping .
I am so happy to know that the promotion campaign for our new product is very successful . We just made a record sale this season . That is very encouraging news . I heard that the marketing department has done a three months research , they sent the feedback information to the research and development center by the end of every month . That is to say , the R & D center redesigned the product twice before it was launched into the market . It is not an easy job . How do you like the advertisement for the new product ? That is the best one I have seen . I am sure our target customers , young people will love it .
This is the Bell Captain's Desk . May I help you ? Yes , I've been waiting for my bags to be sent up for the last half hour . Where are they ? I'm very sorry to hear that . May I have your name and room number , please ? Yes , it's Yao Lan . Room 406 .
Yes , I've been waiting for my bags to be sent up for the last half hour . Where are they ? I'm very sorry to hear that . May I have your name and room number , please ? Yes , it's Yao Lan . Room 406 . And how many pieces did you have ?
I'm very sorry to hear that . May I have your name and room number , please ? Yes , it's Yao Lan . Room 406 . And how many pieces did you have ? Two suitcases and a handbag . The suitcases are blue and the shoulder bag is red .
Yes , it's Yao Lan . Room 406 . And how many pieces did you have ? Two suitcases and a handbag . The suitcases are blue and the shoulder bag is red . Is there a name tag attached to them ?
And how many pieces did you have ? Two suitcases and a handbag . The suitcases are blue and the shoulder bag is red . Is there a name tag attached to them ? Yes , there is .
Do you think my briefcase is big enough to put in all these stuff ? Let me see . Laptop , flash disk , a ballpoint pen , a pencil , a notebook , a pair of glasses , cell phone , charger , moisture lotion , ... Oh , that is too much . You are not going to a business trip . I guess I need all of them . Actually , the company will provide you with all of these supplies . So , you can leave this very thick notebook at home .
Let me see . Laptop , flash disk , a ballpoint pen , a pencil , a notebook , a pair of glasses , cell phone , charger , moisture lotion , ... Oh , that is too much . You are not going to a business trip . I guess I need all of them . Actually , the company will provide you with all of these supplies . So , you can leave this very thick notebook at home . I know . But it is my lucky charm . I carry it all the time .
did you know that abortion is still illegal in many states in the USA ? why ? I thought Americans were supposed to be more open than that . well , for many religious people , they believe that people who abort their babies are murderers . do you think most people in America believe that abortion is wrong ?
why ? I thought Americans were supposed to be more open than that . well , for many religious people , they believe that people who abort their babies are murderers . do you think most people in America believe that abortion is wrong ? no , I think it's mostly the older generation who are against abortions .
well , for many religious people , they believe that people who abort their babies are murderers . do you think most people in America believe that abortion is wrong ? no , I think it's mostly the older generation who are against abortions . it's no wonder there are so many teenage pregnancies in America .
do you think most people in America believe that abortion is wrong ? no , I think it's mostly the older generation who are against abortions . it's no wonder there are so many teenage pregnancies in America . religious people blame it on pre-marital sex , not on abortion being illegal .
no , I think it's mostly the older generation who are against abortions . it's no wonder there are so many teenage pregnancies in America . religious people blame it on pre-marital sex , not on abortion being illegal . what do you think about abortion ?
it's no wonder there are so many teenage pregnancies in America . religious people blame it on pre-marital sex , not on abortion being illegal . what do you think about abortion ? I personally would never want to have one , but I think that since a pregnancy can affect a woman's entire life , she should have the right to decide for herself .
religious people blame it on pre-marital sex , not on abortion being illegal . what do you think about abortion ? I personally would never want to have one , but I think that since a pregnancy can affect a woman's entire life , she should have the right to decide for herself . do you think the fathers should have some kind of say in the matter ?
what do you think about abortion ? I personally would never want to have one , but I think that since a pregnancy can affect a woman's entire life , she should have the right to decide for herself . do you think the fathers should have some kind of say in the matter ? I know this is going to sound sexist , but I don't think that men should have to give their approval to the mothers of their children .
I personally would never want to have one , but I think that since a pregnancy can affect a woman's entire life , she should have the right to decide for herself . do you think the fathers should have some kind of say in the matter ? I know this is going to sound sexist , but I don't think that men should have to give their approval to the mothers of their children . why not ? It's their children , too .
do you think the fathers should have some kind of say in the matter ? I know this is going to sound sexist , but I don't think that men should have to give their approval to the mothers of their children . why not ? It's their children , too . that may be true , but when a woman gets pregnant , it changes her life completely . Men can still carry on with their lives after the birth exactly as they did beforehand .
Hi . I ' m here to catch flight 513 to New York . May I see your ticket please ? Here you are . Do you need to see my passport ? Any form of picture I . D . will do .
May I see your ticket please ? Here you are . Do you need to see my passport ? Any form of picture I . D . will do . Mmmm ... a photo I . D . I have my New Jersey driver ' s license . Is that ok ?
Here you are . Do you need to see my passport ? Any form of picture I . D . will do . Mmmm ... a photo I . D . I have my New Jersey driver ' s license . Is that ok ? That will do . What an interesting picture ! How old is it ?
Any form of picture I . D . will do . Mmmm ... a photo I . D . I have my New Jersey driver ' s license . Is that ok ? That will do . What an interesting picture ! How old is it ? Actually it wad taken just last year , but I had a shaved head and a beard . Can you still recognize me ?
Mmmm ... a photo I . D . I have my New Jersey driver ' s license . Is that ok ? That will do . What an interesting picture ! How old is it ? Actually it wad taken just last year , but I had a shaved head and a beard . Can you still recognize me ? Barely . Will you be checking any luggage today ?
That will do . What an interesting picture ! How old is it ? Actually it wad taken just last year , but I had a shaved head and a beard . Can you still recognize me ? Barely . Will you be checking any luggage today ? Yes , One suitcase . I also have a carry-on bag .
You're not looking happy . What's the matter ? Oh , nothing special . I'm just a bit tired . With the job ? With everything , with everybody , with all this !
Oh , nothing special . I'm just a bit tired . With the job ? With everything , with everybody , with all this ! A good suggestion for you . You need a holiday .
With the job ? With everything , with everybody , with all this ! A good suggestion for you . You need a holiday . It wasn't always like this , you know .
With everything , with everybody , with all this ! A good suggestion for you . You need a holiday . It wasn't always like this , you know . What do you mean ?
A good suggestion for you . You need a holiday . It wasn't always like this , you know . What do you mean ? Well , I mean . We always do the same thing . There's no variety in our lives .
It wasn't always like this , you know . What do you mean ? Well , I mean . We always do the same thing . There's no variety in our lives . You need a holiday . That's what's the matter .
Did you pack this bag yourself ? Has it been out of your possession at any time before checking-in ? Yes , I packed it myself , and it hasn ' t been out of my possession . Are you bringing in any plants or animal products ? No .
Yes , I packed it myself , and it hasn ' t been out of my possession . Are you bringing in any plants or animal products ? No . Our sniffer dog seems to disagree . Do you mind if we look in your suitcase ?
Are you bringing in any plants or animal products ? No . Our sniffer dog seems to disagree . Do you mind if we look in your suitcase ? Not at all . Go right ahead .
No . Our sniffer dog seems to disagree . Do you mind if we look in your suitcase ? Not at all . Go right ahead . What ' s this sir ?
Our sniffer dog seems to disagree . Do you mind if we look in your suitcase ? Not at all . Go right ahead . What ' s this sir ? It ' s traditional Chinese Medicine . I mix it with hot water like tea . Sorry . I forgot about it .
Not at all . Go right ahead . What ' s this sir ? It ' s traditional Chinese Medicine . I mix it with hot water like tea . Sorry . I forgot about it . What are these red things sir ?
What ' s this sir ? It ' s traditional Chinese Medicine . I mix it with hot water like tea . Sorry . I forgot about it . What are these red things sir ? Oh no ! I forgot about those too ! Those are Chinese sausages for my Aunt Lily .
May I help you with something ? I would like to return some books . I ' ll take them . Here you go .
I would like to return some books . I ' ll take them . Here you go . These books were due two weeks ago .
I ' ll take them . Here you go . These books were due two weeks ago . Yeah . I totally forgot they were due .
Here you go . These books were due two weeks ago . Yeah . I totally forgot they were due . You will need to pay late fees on these books .
These books were due two weeks ago . Yeah . I totally forgot they were due . You will need to pay late fees on these books . How much are the late fees ?
Yeah . I totally forgot they were due . You will need to pay late fees on these books . How much are the late fees ? The fee is 25 cents every day .
You will need to pay late fees on these books . How much are the late fees ? The fee is 25 cents every day . I have to pay 25 cents a day ?
How much are the late fees ? The fee is 25 cents every day . I have to pay 25 cents a day ? And that ' s for each book that is late .
Hello , Oriental Hotel . I'd like to speak to Michael Baker , please . I'm sorry , Mr . Baker is not in . May I take a message ? Yes . Tell him Mr . Cook called and ask him to return my call soon as he gets back .
Now please tell me something about your past work achievements . All right , madam . When I was sales manager at the Beijing Friendship Store . I succeeded in raising the yearly sales volume by 25 % and profit margins from 50 % to 80 % . That is quite an achievement ! Do you consider it your most rewarding work experience ? I don't think so . I'll create further achievement in the future .
All right , madam . When I was sales manager at the Beijing Friendship Store . I succeeded in raising the yearly sales volume by 25 % and profit margins from 50 % to 80 % . That is quite an achievement ! Do you consider it your most rewarding work experience ? I don't think so . I'll create further achievement in the future . Have you received any honors ?
That is quite an achievement ! Do you consider it your most rewarding work experience ? I don't think so . I'll create further achievement in the future . Have you received any honors ? Yes . I got the title of " Advance Worker " in 2006 .
I don't think so . I'll create further achievement in the future . Have you received any honors ? Yes . I got the title of " Advance Worker " in 2006 . Do you have any publications ?
Peter , how often do you exercise ? Well , I swim and run every day . Now , tell me , what do you eat ? Well , I don't eat any meat , but I do eat fish and eggs .
Well , I swim and run every day . Now , tell me , what do you eat ? Well , I don't eat any meat , but I do eat fish and eggs . Do you eat a lot of vegetables ?
Now , tell me , what do you eat ? Well , I don't eat any meat , but I do eat fish and eggs . Do you eat a lot of vegetables ? Oh yes , and fruit , I love fruit .
Well , I don't eat any meat , but I do eat fish and eggs . Do you eat a lot of vegetables ? Oh yes , and fruit , I love fruit . What do you drink ?
( A stranger stops to help ) Everything OK ? No ! My tour bus got a speeding ticket not ten minutes ago . Now my engine is on fire ! I think that's just steam . Your engine's overheated . Do you know a lot about cars ?
No ! My tour bus got a speeding ticket not ten minutes ago . Now my engine is on fire ! I think that's just steam . Your engine's overheated . Do you know a lot about cars ? A little bit . I'll take a look if you want me to .
I think that's just steam . Your engine's overheated . Do you know a lot about cars ? A little bit . I'll take a look if you want me to . Please . Thank you so much for stopping .
Do you know a lot about cars ? A little bit . I'll take a look if you want me to . Please . Thank you so much for stopping . Yeah , she's hot . Radiator's leaking . Looks like you were running her pretty hard .
A little bit . I'll take a look if you want me to . Please . Thank you so much for stopping . Yeah , she's hot . Radiator's leaking . Looks like you were running her pretty hard . That must have been just before I got the speeding ticket .
Please . Thank you so much for stopping . Yeah , she's hot . Radiator's leaking . Looks like you were running her pretty hard . That must have been just before I got the speeding ticket . Did you have an accident recently ... Hey , wait a second ! I know this car !
Yeah , she's hot . Radiator's leaking . Looks like you were running her pretty hard . That must have been just before I got the speeding ticket . Did you have an accident recently ... Hey , wait a second ! I know this car ! You do ?
That must have been just before I got the speeding ticket . Did you have an accident recently ... Hey , wait a second ! I know this car ! You do ? I ran into it a couple of weeks ago . What do you know ? Name's Hal .
Did you have an accident recently ... Hey , wait a second ! I know this car ! You do ? I ran into it a couple of weeks ago . What do you know ? Name's Hal . I'm Akimbo . Nice to meet you , I guess .
You do ? I ran into it a couple of weeks ago . What do you know ? Name's Hal . I'm Akimbo . Nice to meet you , I guess . Boy , I'm sure sorry about your car . Hey , Akimbo , I wonder if you'd like to make a deal ?
I ran into it a couple of weeks ago . What do you know ? Name's Hal . I'm Akimbo . Nice to meet you , I guess . Boy , I'm sure sorry about your car . Hey , Akimbo , I wonder if you'd like to make a deal ? What kind of deal ?
I'm Akimbo . Nice to meet you , I guess . Boy , I'm sure sorry about your car . Hey , Akimbo , I wonder if you'd like to make a deal ? What kind of deal ? I'd like to give you cash for the damage to your car .
Boy , I'm sure sorry about your car . Hey , Akimbo , I wonder if you'd like to make a deal ? What kind of deal ? I'd like to give you cash for the damage to your car . You don't want your insurance company to pay for it ?
What kind of deal ? I'd like to give you cash for the damage to your car . You don't want your insurance company to pay for it ? I'd rather not . They'll raise my rates . It'll cost me more in the long run .
I'd like to give you cash for the damage to your car . You don't want your insurance company to pay for it ? I'd rather not . They'll raise my rates . It'll cost me more in the long run . If you give me cash , do you care if I don't fix the car ?
You don't want your insurance company to pay for it ? I'd rather not . They'll raise my rates . It'll cost me more in the long run . If you give me cash , do you care if I don't fix the car ? Hell , I don't care . Just don'T submit a report to your insurancecompany .
Hey , Tom , did you enjoy your lunch ? Oh , don't mention it . It was terrible . What ' the matter ? The food station was as crowded as usual . I waited for 20 minutes for my sandwich , and when I finally got it the chicken was underdone .
Oh , don't mention it . It was terrible . What ' the matter ? The food station was as crowded as usual . I waited for 20 minutes for my sandwich , and when I finally got it the chicken was underdone . I see . You simply can't blame the server for this .
What ' the matter ? The food station was as crowded as usual . I waited for 20 minutes for my sandwich , and when I finally got it the chicken was underdone . I see . You simply can't blame the server for this . Yes , I know . Fast food is so popular in this district .
The food station was as crowded as usual . I waited for 20 minutes for my sandwich , and when I finally got it the chicken was underdone . I see . You simply can't blame the server for this . Yes , I know . Fast food is so popular in this district . That's true .
I see . You simply can't blame the server for this . Yes , I know . Fast food is so popular in this district . That's true . Anyway , how was your such , Catherine ?
Yes , I know . Fast food is so popular in this district . That's true . Anyway , how was your such , Catherine ? It was good . I brought lunch from home today .
That's true . Anyway , how was your such , Catherine ? It was good . I brought lunch from home today . You did ? I thought you must feel right at home here as we get as many fast food restaurants as you do in America .
Anyway , how was your such , Catherine ? It was good . I brought lunch from home today . You did ? I thought you must feel right at home here as we get as many fast food restaurants as you do in America . Well , I personally don't like them because I don't believe that they are healthy .
It was good . I brought lunch from home today . You did ? I thought you must feel right at home here as we get as many fast food restaurants as you do in America . Well , I personally don't like them because I don't believe that they are healthy . I guess you're right . More often than not , people go there only for convenience . The foods may taste good , but generally speaking , they are high in calories , salt and fat .
You did ? I thought you must feel right at home here as we get as many fast food restaurants as you do in America . Well , I personally don't like them because I don't believe that they are healthy . I guess you're right . More often than not , people go there only for convenience . The foods may taste good , but generally speaking , they are high in calories , salt and fat . Yes . I am wondering that you must believe fast food is our lifestyle , don't you ?
Well , I personally don't like them because I don't believe that they are healthy . I guess you're right . More often than not , people go there only for convenience . The foods may taste good , but generally speaking , they are high in calories , salt and fat . Yes . I am wondering that you must believe fast food is our lifestyle , don't you ? You bet . Almost all top brands such as McDonald's and KFC are from America .
I guess you're right . More often than not , people go there only for convenience . The foods may taste good , but generally speaking , they are high in calories , salt and fat . Yes . I am wondering that you must believe fast food is our lifestyle , don't you ? You bet . Almost all top brands such as McDonald's and KFC are from America . Well , actually two-thirds of Americans may avoid these places .
Yes . I am wondering that you must believe fast food is our lifestyle , don't you ? You bet . Almost all top brands such as McDonald's and KFC are from America . Well , actually two-thirds of Americans may avoid these places . Seriously ?
Hello , is that Cathy speaking ? Yes , is that you , Allen ? Yes , how are you doing ? Not bad .
Yes , is that you , Allen ? Yes , how are you doing ? Not bad . Say I've got two tickets for the concert this evening . Would you like to come with me ?
Yes , how are you doing ? Not bad . Say I've got two tickets for the concert this evening . Would you like to come with me ? Sure . Thank you very much .
Not bad . Say I've got two tickets for the concert this evening . Would you like to come with me ? Sure . Thank you very much . Then I ' ll pick you up at six thirty . OK ?
Say I've got two tickets for the concert this evening . Would you like to come with me ? Sure . Thank you very much . Then I ' ll pick you up at six thirty . OK ? Ok , see you .
Can we have a table for three , please ? Sorry , all the tables for three are reserved . Do you have a table for four , please ? Yes , smoking or non-smoking ?
Sorry , all the tables for three are reserved . Do you have a table for four , please ? Yes , smoking or non-smoking ? We'd like a non-smoking table , please .
The bartender just gave the last call . Let's order another round , okay ? Sure , but let's get a pitcher this time We should be able to down it before they close . That sounds good . You order the beer while I go to the bathroom . Where is the can in this place ? It's all the way to the back . See that yellow door ?
Sure , but let's get a pitcher this time We should be able to down it before they close . That sounds good . You order the beer while I go to the bathroom . Where is the can in this place ? It's all the way to the back . See that yellow door ? Yeah . I think I can find it .
That sounds good . You order the beer while I go to the bathroom . Where is the can in this place ? It's all the way to the back . See that yellow door ? Yeah . I think I can find it . You're back already . That sure was quick .
It's all the way to the back . See that yellow door ? Yeah . I think I can find it . You're back already . That sure was quick . That's because I just took one step inside and turned right around . That bathroom is too gross for me .
Yeah . I think I can find it . You're back already . That sure was quick . That's because I just took one step inside and turned right around . That bathroom is too gross for me . Well , the bartender wouldn't give me the pitcher of beer . Anyway . He said it was too close to closing time .
You're back already . That sure was quick . That's because I just took one step inside and turned right around . That bathroom is too gross for me . Well , the bartender wouldn't give me the pitcher of beer . Anyway . He said it was too close to closing time . Let's leave then . I could take some fresh air , anyway .
Have you heard of Paul ? No , what ? He's got a promotion . You're kidding .
No , what ? He's got a promotion . You're kidding . No , they made him vicepresident in charge of sells .
He's got a promotion . You're kidding . No , they made him vicepresident in charge of sells . Oh , I don't believe it . He is only being with the company for two years .
You're kidding . No , they made him vicepresident in charge of sells . Oh , I don't believe it . He is only being with the company for two years . Well , it's true . The board man last thirdly and they choice Paul .
Do you consider yourself a good mother ? Yes , I'm a very good mother and successful career woman . How can you manage to do both ? I mean , it is so hard to be a working mother . I think the most important thing is that you should be nice to yourself , like keeping housework simple , spending money on things that make life easier , buying yourself things you like , and so on . You can only be nice to others when you can be nice to yourself .
Yes , I'm a very good mother and successful career woman . How can you manage to do both ? I mean , it is so hard to be a working mother . I think the most important thing is that you should be nice to yourself , like keeping housework simple , spending money on things that make life easier , buying yourself things you like , and so on . You can only be nice to others when you can be nice to yourself . Does your husband feel the same ?
Tell me about yourself . I was born and raised in Beijing . I attended Peking University and received my bachelor's degree in Economics . I have worked for 2 years as a financial consultant in Beijing for China Pacific Insurance Co . Ltd . What type of position are you looking for ? I'm looking for a position in which I can utilize my experience .
I was born and raised in Beijing . I attended Peking University and received my bachelor's degree in Economics . I have worked for 2 years as a financial consultant in Beijing for China Pacific Insurance Co . Ltd . What type of position are you looking for ? I'm looking for a position in which I can utilize my experience . Are you interested in a full-time or part-time position ?
What type of position are you looking for ? I'm looking for a position in which I can utilize my experience . Are you interested in a full-time or part-time position ? I am more interested in a full-time position . However , I would also consider a part-time position .
I'm looking for a position in which I can utilize my experience . Are you interested in a full-time or part-time position ? I am more interested in a full-time position . However , I would also consider a part-time position . Can you tell me about your responsibilities at your last job ?
Are you interested in a full-time or part-time position ? I am more interested in a full-time position . However , I would also consider a part-time position . Can you tell me about your responsibilities at your last job ? I advised customers on financial matters . After I consulted the customer , I completed a customer inquiry form and catalogued the information in our database . I then collaborated with colleagues to prepare the best possible package for the client . The clients were then presented with a summarized report on their financial activities that I formulated on a quarterly basis .
I am more interested in a full-time position . However , I would also consider a part-time position . Can you tell me about your responsibilities at your last job ? I advised customers on financial matters . After I consulted the customer , I completed a customer inquiry form and catalogued the information in our database . I then collaborated with colleagues to prepare the best possible package for the client . The clients were then presented with a summarized report on their financial activities that I formulated on a quarterly basis . What is your greatest strength ?
Can you tell me about your responsibilities at your last job ? I advised customers on financial matters . After I consulted the customer , I completed a customer inquiry form and catalogued the information in our database . I then collaborated with colleagues to prepare the best possible package for the client . The clients were then presented with a summarized report on their financial activities that I formulated on a quarterly basis . What is your greatest strength ? I am an excellent communicator . People trust me and come to me for advice . One afternoon , my colleague was involved with a troublesome customer who felt he was not being served well . I made the customer a cup of coffee and invited both my colleague and the client to my desk where we solved the problem together .
I advised customers on financial matters . After I consulted the customer , I completed a customer inquiry form and catalogued the information in our database . I then collaborated with colleagues to prepare the best possible package for the client . The clients were then presented with a summarized report on their financial activities that I formulated on a quarterly basis . What is your greatest strength ? I am an excellent communicator . People trust me and come to me for advice . One afternoon , my colleague was involved with a troublesome customer who felt he was not being served well . I made the customer a cup of coffee and invited both my colleague and the client to my desk where we solved the problem together . What is your greatest weakness ?
What is your greatest strength ? I am an excellent communicator . People trust me and come to me for advice . One afternoon , my colleague was involved with a troublesome customer who felt he was not being served well . I made the customer a cup of coffee and invited both my colleague and the client to my desk where we solved the problem together . What is your greatest weakness ? I tend to spend too much time making sure the customer is satisfied . However , I began setting time-limits for myself .
I am an excellent communicator . People trust me and come to me for advice . One afternoon , my colleague was involved with a troublesome customer who felt he was not being served well . I made the customer a cup of coffee and invited both my colleague and the client to my desk where we solved the problem together . What is your greatest weakness ? I tend to spend too much time making sure the customer is satisfied . However , I began setting time-limits for myself . Why do you want to work for our company ?
What is your greatest weakness ? I tend to spend too much time making sure the customer is satisfied . However , I began setting time-limits for myself . Why do you want to work for our company ? After following your firm's progress for the last 3 years , I am convinced that your company is becoming one of the market leaders and I would like to be a part of that team .
I tend to spend too much time making sure the customer is satisfied . However , I began setting time-limits for myself . Why do you want to work for our company ? After following your firm's progress for the last 3 years , I am convinced that your company is becoming one of the market leaders and I would like to be a part of that team . When can you begin ?
My dear , what's for supper ? Red cooked carp and rape with fresh mushrooms . What about soup ? Sour-peppery soup .
Red cooked carp and rape with fresh mushrooms . What about soup ? Sour-peppery soup . Which condiment do you use for ?
What about soup ? Sour-peppery soup . Which condiment do you use for ? I'll use ginger , garlic scallion , hot pepper and vinegar .
Sour-peppery soup . Which condiment do you use for ? I'll use ginger , garlic scallion , hot pepper and vinegar . Very good , need I help you ?
Which condiment do you use for ? I'll use ginger , garlic scallion , hot pepper and vinegar . Very good , need I help you ? No , don't need , I can do myself .
I'll use ginger , garlic scallion , hot pepper and vinegar . Very good , need I help you ? No , don't need , I can do myself . Thanks . I can watch TV now .
Very good , need I help you ? No , don't need , I can do myself . Thanks . I can watch TV now . But you must cook that dinner next time .
How do you do ? How do you do ? Nice to meet you , Ms . Smith . I ' m Jack Stevens from the Marketing Department . Here is my card . It ' s nice to meet you , Mr . Stevens . Please call me Jack . Have a seat , please .
OK . Come back into the classroom , class . Does the class start again , Mam ? Yes , but to the heath , this break has long enough . Oh , breaktime flies .
Does the class start again , Mam ? Yes , but to the heath , this break has long enough . Oh , breaktime flies . Come on , baby . It ' s time now .
Yes , but to the heath , this break has long enough . Oh , breaktime flies . Come on , baby . It ' s time now . Mam , another minute , could I ?
I know you have a son . How old is he ? He's going to turn six next month . Who is looking after him ? My mother-in - law . She retired last year .
He's going to turn six next month . Who is looking after him ? My mother-in - law . She retired last year . You really are lucky !
Do you want to hang out tomorrow ? Oh , I can't . I have a date ! Really ? Wow with who ? This girl I've been chatting with for the past couple of months . She's really cool and she's driving over here this weekend .
Oh , I can't . I have a date ! Really ? Wow with who ? This girl I've been chatting with for the past couple of months . She's really cool and she's driving over here this weekend . Wait a minute , you mean you met her online ?
Really ? Wow with who ? This girl I've been chatting with for the past couple of months . She's really cool and she's driving over here this weekend . Wait a minute , you mean you met her online ? Yeah ! I signed up for a website called match @ . com and it is great ! You fill in all your details and preferences , like if you are a smoker or if you have any pets . Then you find people that have similar characteristics and you can email them or chat .
This girl I've been chatting with for the past couple of months . She's really cool and she's driving over here this weekend . Wait a minute , you mean you met her online ? Yeah ! I signed up for a website called match @ . com and it is great ! You fill in all your details and preferences , like if you are a smoker or if you have any pets . Then you find people that have similar characteristics and you can email them or chat . That is kind of weird ! What if she is a psycho or something like that ?
Wait a minute , you mean you met her online ? Yeah ! I signed up for a website called match @ . com and it is great ! You fill in all your details and preferences , like if you are a smoker or if you have any pets . Then you find people that have similar characteristics and you can email them or chat . That is kind of weird ! What if she is a psycho or something like that ? It's the same as meeting people anywhere and dating them ! I am just tired of going to bars or being set up for dates by my friends ! I think this is a really cool alternative , especially if you are a bit shy .
I am so glad I caught you at home . I need your help ! What's up , Robert ? Cafe au lait , cafe latte , cappuccino , cafe mocha ... I can't keep them all straight ! Slow down . What are you talking about ?
Mike ! Look at the floor ! What's wrong with it ? What's wrong with it ? It's filthy ! Oh ...
What's wrong with it ? What's wrong with it ? It's filthy ! Oh ... It's filthy because you never wipe your shoes .
What's wrong with it ? It's filthy ! Oh ... It's filthy because you never wipe your shoes . Sorry , love .
Oh ... It's filthy because you never wipe your shoes . Sorry , love . What are you looking for now ?
It's filthy because you never wipe your shoes . Sorry , love . What are you looking for now ? My cigarettes .
Sorry , love . What are you looking for now ? My cigarettes . Well , they ' re not here . They are in the dustbin .
I am calling to find out why I didn ' t receive an unemployment check this week . Did you send in your Continued Claim Form for the last period ? I think I forgot to send it in ! You need to be very careful to send that form in every two weeks if you want to get paid .
Did you send in your Continued Claim Form for the last period ? I think I forgot to send it in ! You need to be very careful to send that form in every two weeks if you want to get paid . Can I send it in now ?
I think I forgot to send it in ! You need to be very careful to send that form in every two weeks if you want to get paid . Can I send it in now ? You should look at your claim form and see if it has been more than fourteen days since it was due . If it hasn ' t been , we will still accept it .
You need to be very careful to send that form in every two weeks if you want to get paid . Can I send it in now ? You should look at your claim form and see if it has been more than fourteen days since it was due . If it hasn ' t been , we will still accept it . Can I mail it in early next time so it isn ' t late ?
Can I send it in now ? You should look at your claim form and see if it has been more than fourteen days since it was due . If it hasn ' t been , we will still accept it . Can I mail it in early next time so it isn ' t late ? Actually , you cannot mail it in early , as it needs to reflect all of the information up to the due date .
You should look at your claim form and see if it has been more than fourteen days since it was due . If it hasn ' t been , we will still accept it . Can I mail it in early next time so it isn ' t late ? Actually , you cannot mail it in early , as it needs to reflect all of the information up to the due date . Will my paycheck come right away now ?
911 emergency . What is the problem ? I would like to report a break-in . When was this break-in ? I believe it happened last night .
I would like to report a break-in . When was this break-in ? I believe it happened last night . Where was the break-in ?
When was this break-in ? I believe it happened last night . Where was the break-in ? It happened at my house .
I believe it happened last night . Where was the break-in ? It happened at my house . Was anything stolen ?
Where was the break-in ? It happened at my house . Was anything stolen ? I haven't checked yet .
It happened at my house . Was anything stolen ? I haven't checked yet . Why do you think there was a break-in ?
Was anything stolen ? I haven't checked yet . Why do you think there was a break-in ? My front window was broken .
I haven't checked yet . Why do you think there was a break-in ? My front window was broken . We'll send a squad car shortly .
How are you wedding plans going ? Very well . We started organizing everything early to avoid a last minute rush to get things done . The only thing that isn ' t ready yet is my wedding dress . When will that be ready ? The dressmakers said that is would be ready in two weeks .
Very well . We started organizing everything early to avoid a last minute rush to get things done . The only thing that isn ' t ready yet is my wedding dress . When will that be ready ? The dressmakers said that is would be ready in two weeks . You ' re getting married in three weeks . So that should be ok . So , you ' Ve prepared the church , catering , transport , hotel-everything .
When will that be ready ? The dressmakers said that is would be ready in two weeks . You ' re getting married in three weeks . So that should be ok . So , you ' Ve prepared the church , catering , transport , hotel-everything . Yes . We ' Ve taken care of all of that . We decided not to get married in a church though . Neither of us is very religious .
The dressmakers said that is would be ready in two weeks . You ' re getting married in three weeks . So that should be ok . So , you ' Ve prepared the church , catering , transport , hotel-everything . Yes . We ' Ve taken care of all of that . We decided not to get married in a church though . Neither of us is very religious . Which hotel will the reception be held at ?
You ' re getting married in three weeks . So that should be ok . So , you ' Ve prepared the church , catering , transport , hotel-everything . Yes . We ' Ve taken care of all of that . We decided not to get married in a church though . Neither of us is very religious . Which hotel will the reception be held at ? The palace hotel they ' re taking care of the catering , including the wedding cake . I ' m sure they ' ll do a good job .
Yes . We ' Ve taken care of all of that . We decided not to get married in a church though . Neither of us is very religious . Which hotel will the reception be held at ? The palace hotel they ' re taking care of the catering , including the wedding cake . I ' m sure they ' ll do a good job . Oh , yes . It ' s and excellent hotel . A friend of mine had her wedding reception there and said it was perfect , though very expensive .
Which hotel will the reception be held at ? The palace hotel they ' re taking care of the catering , including the wedding cake . I ' m sure they ' ll do a good job . Oh , yes . It ' s and excellent hotel . A friend of mine had her wedding reception there and said it was perfect , though very expensive . Yes . It will be expensive , but we think it will be worth it . It gives us great peace of mind to know that our reception is in the hands of experienced people .
I have just received your note which informs me that you have offered the accountant position to another candidate . May I ask why I was defeated ? We have thought of you carefully with discretion , but the other candidate has more experiences . Experience is important , but don't you think capability is more valuable than that ? Yes , I think so . But how do you prove to me that you are more capable ?
We have thought of you carefully with discretion , but the other candidate has more experiences . Experience is important , but don't you think capability is more valuable than that ? Yes , I think so . But how do you prove to me that you are more capable ? Maybe you can hire me on trial . If I'm not qualified for the job , you can let me go .
We are going to have a picnic tomorrow at the picnic center . That's great . Now let's get things ready . Don't worry . There are all kinds of things in the center .
I would like to buy a bottle of cleansing milk . Can you recommend me some kinds ? Sure . What kind of skin do you have ? My skin is oily . Then I advise you to buy the LAY cleansing milk .
Hi , Mary . I haven't seen you in ages ! I heard that you and Daniel are getting married on August 8th , the opening day of the 2008 Olympic Games . Is it true ? Yes , it is . We've been dating for over 7 years . We have decided to get married on a special day and we think August 8th , 2008 is a red-letter day . Good for you ! It sounds like you've done a lot of planning in a very short time . Yes , there is a lot of to be taken care of---wedding photos , wedding dress , catering , transport , hotel , etc ...
Yes , it is . We've been dating for over 7 years . We have decided to get married on a special day and we think August 8th , 2008 is a red-letter day . Good for you ! It sounds like you've done a lot of planning in a very short time . Yes , there is a lot of to be taken care of---wedding photos , wedding dress , catering , transport , hotel , etc ... Is everything ready now ?
Good for you ! It sounds like you've done a lot of planning in a very short time . Yes , there is a lot of to be taken care of---wedding photos , wedding dress , catering , transport , hotel , etc ... Is everything ready now ? Almost . The only thing that isn't ready is the hotel . As a lot of people have chosen that day to get married , it is hard to find a hotel that isn't too expensive .
Yes , there is a lot of to be taken care of---wedding photos , wedding dress , catering , transport , hotel , etc ... Is everything ready now ? Almost . The only thing that isn't ready is the hotel . As a lot of people have chosen that day to get married , it is hard to find a hotel that isn't too expensive . Have you tried The Peninsula Palace Beijing ? My wedding reception was held there and they did an excellent job .
Is everything ready now ? Almost . The only thing that isn't ready is the hotel . As a lot of people have chosen that day to get married , it is hard to find a hotel that isn't too expensive . Have you tried The Peninsula Palace Beijing ? My wedding reception was held there and they did an excellent job . Yes , we called , but it is booked up . The only choice is the Regent Beijing but we haven't made up our minds yet .
Almost . The only thing that isn't ready is the hotel . As a lot of people have chosen that day to get married , it is hard to find a hotel that isn't too expensive . Have you tried The Peninsula Palace Beijing ? My wedding reception was held there and they did an excellent job . Yes , we called , but it is booked up . The only choice is the Regent Beijing but we haven't made up our minds yet . It's an excellent hotel . A friend of mine had her wedding reception there and said it was perfect , though very expensive .
Have you tried The Peninsula Palace Beijing ? My wedding reception was held there and they did an excellent job . Yes , we called , but it is booked up . The only choice is the Regent Beijing but we haven't made up our minds yet . It's an excellent hotel . A friend of mine had her wedding reception there and said it was perfect , though very expensive . That's why we want to have a look at other hotels . We don ' t want to spend too much on an extravagant wedding reception .
Yes , we called , but it is booked up . The only choice is the Regent Beijing but we haven't made up our minds yet . It's an excellent hotel . A friend of mine had her wedding reception there and said it was perfect , though very expensive . That's why we want to have a look at other hotels . We don ' t want to spend too much on an extravagant wedding reception . I guess you're right . I can help you ask other hotels . I am sure there are probably some available .
It's an excellent hotel . A friend of mine had her wedding reception there and said it was perfect , though very expensive . That's why we want to have a look at other hotels . We don ' t want to spend too much on an extravagant wedding reception . I guess you're right . I can help you ask other hotels . I am sure there are probably some available . Thank you .
Do you have maps of downtown area ? Yes , here you are . How much is it ? It's free of charge .
Only one . But I wanted to make sure I'd get it . Yeah , I really wanted that Chanel bag , too . But just in case you should bid low . But there are only two more days until the bidding closes ! I bid on a Chanel watch at the last minute , and got it sixty percent off !
Yeah , I really wanted that Chanel bag , too . But just in case you should bid low . But there are only two more days until the bidding closes ! I bid on a Chanel watch at the last minute , and got it sixty percent off ! Oh ... I'm such a newbie . But at least I'm sure I'll get that tennis racket .
But there are only two more days until the bidding closes ! I bid on a Chanel watch at the last minute , and got it sixty percent off ! Oh ... I'm such a newbie . But at least I'm sure I'll get that tennis racket . Don't count on it , Babe . eBay is always full of surprises .
I ' m fed up with marriage . Why do you say so ? Everyone admires that you have a good wife . Oh , no . When we were poor , we often tried our best to make ends meet . It was a hard time . But now you are rich .
Why do you say so ? Everyone admires that you have a good wife . Oh , no . When we were poor , we often tried our best to make ends meet . It was a hard time . But now you are rich . And we have some squabbles on some boring things .
Can you help me do an internet search ? Sure . What do you want to find ? I want to find information on the American Civil War . Well , can you be more specific ? There are a lot of websites about that .
Sure . What do you want to find ? I want to find information on the American Civil War . Well , can you be more specific ? There are a lot of websites about that . Yes , I want to know about the battle of Gettysburg .
I want to find information on the American Civil War . Well , can you be more specific ? There are a lot of websites about that . Yes , I want to know about the battle of Gettysburg . O . K . Well , go to google . com , and type in " Battle of Gettysburg . "
Well , can you be more specific ? There are a lot of websites about that . Yes , I want to know about the battle of Gettysburg . O . K . Well , go to google . com , and type in " Battle of Gettysburg . " Oh wow , there are a lot of sites .
Yes , I want to know about the battle of Gettysburg . O . K . Well , go to google . com , and type in " Battle of Gettysburg . " Oh wow , there are a lot of sites . Here , try this one . It ' s a good site about Gettysburg .
O . K . Well , go to google . com , and type in " Battle of Gettysburg . " Oh wow , there are a lot of sites . Here , try this one . It ' s a good site about Gettysburg . Thanks .
Oh wow , there are a lot of sites . Here , try this one . It ' s a good site about Gettysburg . Thanks . For detailed information , however , you should read a history book .
Can you give me more details on what is included in the package ? Sure . The coach leaves at 6:30 a . m . , in front of our office . The drive takes eight hours , with two stops to see some sights . What about the hotel accommodations ? You'll be staying at Holiday Inn . It's a three-star hotel with two restaurants and a swimming pool .
Sure . The coach leaves at 6:30 a . m . , in front of our office . The drive takes eight hours , with two stops to see some sights . What about the hotel accommodations ? You'll be staying at Holiday Inn . It's a three-star hotel with two restaurants and a swimming pool . Great . What types of things will we do at Lushun Falls ?
I'm hungry . So am I . Where should we go eat today ? How about we go eat in the cafeteria ?
So am I . Where should we go eat today ? How about we go eat in the cafeteria ? I never bought food from the cafeteria .
Where should we go eat today ? How about we go eat in the cafeteria ? I never bought food from the cafeteria . You haven't ? They have a lot of good stuff .
How about we go eat in the cafeteria ? I never bought food from the cafeteria . You haven't ? They have a lot of good stuff . What do they have ?
I never bought food from the cafeteria . You haven't ? They have a lot of good stuff . What do they have ? They sell everything .
You haven't ? They have a lot of good stuff . What do they have ? They sell everything . Well , I want Chinese food .
What do they have ? They sell everything . Well , I want Chinese food . I've gotten chow mein from there before .
They sell everything . Well , I want Chinese food . I've gotten chow mein from there before . I guess we can eat there then .
Over here is our gym . We have all the latest equipment . But I haven't used exercising equipment before . Can you tell us some more details ? Certainly . We have here the race apparatus , stationary bike , muscle builder set , chest expander , bar bell , dumb bell and so on . Working in the gym is a very good way for losing weight . What else do you have ?
But I haven't used exercising equipment before . Can you tell us some more details ? Certainly . We have here the race apparatus , stationary bike , muscle builder set , chest expander , bar bell , dumb bell and so on . Working in the gym is a very good way for losing weight . What else do you have ? Here's the swimming pool . It's open from 10 a . m . to 11 p . m . There are also massage rooms here .
are you a blogger ? sure I am . I've been writing a blog for almost three years . oh , it seems that I'm the only one who never blogs . When did you get started ? I began blogging when I first went to the US for my graduate strides .
sure I am . I've been writing a blog for almost three years . oh , it seems that I'm the only one who never blogs . When did you get started ? I began blogging when I first went to the US for my graduate strides . what do you usually write about ?
oh , it seems that I'm the only one who never blogs . When did you get started ? I began blogging when I first went to the US for my graduate strides . what do you usually write about ? at first , I'll write about my life there . Like interesting things on the campus , travel stories , special English words that I come across . Sometimes , I'll post my pictures on my blog so my family an
I began blogging when I first went to the US for my graduate strides . what do you usually write about ? at first , I'll write about my life there . Like interesting things on the campus , travel stories , special English words that I come across . Sometimes , I'll post my pictures on my blog so my family an that's interesting . How often do you write a blog ?
what do you usually write about ? at first , I'll write about my life there . Like interesting things on the campus , travel stories , special English words that I come across . Sometimes , I'll post my pictures on my blog so my family an that's interesting . How often do you write a blog ? it's random . If there happen to be a lot of things going on , I may add several new entries in a week , and if I've got nothing to share , I may leave my blog untouched for weeks .
at first , I'll write about my life there . Like interesting things on the campus , travel stories , special English words that I come across . Sometimes , I'll post my pictures on my blog so my family an that's interesting . How often do you write a blog ? it's random . If there happen to be a lot of things going on , I may add several new entries in a week , and if I've got nothing to share , I may leave my blog untouched for weeks . got it . Are you still updating your blog ?
that's interesting . How often do you write a blog ? it's random . If there happen to be a lot of things going on , I may add several new entries in a week , and if I've got nothing to share , I may leave my blog untouched for weeks . got it . Are you still updating your blog ? sure , since I came back from the US , I've been keeping the habit of blogging , simply to share my personal insights on any topic I like .
Is this a duty-free shop ? Yes , sir . What can I do for you ? I want to buy some specialties . Can you recommend me some ? Sure . I strongly advise you to buy a bottle of perfume and a lighter .
Yes , sir . What can I do for you ? I want to buy some specialties . Can you recommend me some ? Sure . I strongly advise you to buy a bottle of perfume and a lighter . Fine . They look nice . I will take both of them .
I see Mike farmer has make it into the Olympic team . He beat the national record by 0 . 1 of a second . That ' s great . He ' s the best runner I ' Ve seen this season . I ' m sure he ' ll win a medal at the Olympics . I think you ' re right . I think we have a very good athletics team . They should do well in the Olympics . How many medals do you think we ' ll win ? I really don ' t know . I don ' t think we ' ll win many gold medals , but I think we should win several silver and bronze ones .
That ' s great . He ' s the best runner I ' Ve seen this season . I ' m sure he ' ll win a medal at the Olympics . I think you ' re right . I think we have a very good athletics team . They should do well in the Olympics . How many medals do you think we ' ll win ? I really don ' t know . I don ' t think we ' ll win many gold medals , but I think we should win several silver and bronze ones . What do you think our chance are in other events .
I think you ' re right . I think we have a very good athletics team . They should do well in the Olympics . How many medals do you think we ' ll win ? I really don ' t know . I don ' t think we ' ll win many gold medals , but I think we should win several silver and bronze ones . What do you think our chance are in other events . In the last Olympics , we did very well in swimming , cycling and ball sports . I think we ' ll do well in those same events .
I really don ' t know . I don ' t think we ' ll win many gold medals , but I think we should win several silver and bronze ones . What do you think our chance are in other events . In the last Olympics , we did very well in swimming , cycling and ball sports . I think we ' ll do well in those same events . We might get a gold medal in the sailing too . Our team put in a lot of practice .
What do you think our chance are in other events . In the last Olympics , we did very well in swimming , cycling and ball sports . I think we ' ll do well in those same events . We might get a gold medal in the sailing too . Our team put in a lot of practice . I think we can expect to get between 30 to 40 medals in total .
Do you believe in UFOs ? Of course , they are out there . But I never saw them . Are you stupid ? They are called UFOs , so not everybody can see them .
Of course , they are out there . But I never saw them . Are you stupid ? They are called UFOs , so not everybody can see them . You mean that you can them .
But I never saw them . Are you stupid ? They are called UFOs , so not everybody can see them . You mean that you can them . That's right . I can see them in my dreams .
Are you stupid ? They are called UFOs , so not everybody can see them . You mean that you can them . That's right . I can see them in my dreams . They come to the earth ?
You mean that you can them . That's right . I can see them in my dreams . They come to the earth ? No . Their task is to send the aliens here from the outer space .
That's right . I can see them in my dreams . They come to the earth ? No . Their task is to send the aliens here from the outer space . Aliens from the outer space ? Do you talk to them ? What do they look like ?
They come to the earth ? No . Their task is to send the aliens here from the outer space . Aliens from the outer space ? Do you talk to them ? What do they look like ? OK , OK , one by one , please ! They look like robots , but they can speak . Their mission is to make friends with human beings .
No . Their task is to send the aliens here from the outer space . Aliens from the outer space ? Do you talk to them ? What do they look like ? OK , OK , one by one , please ! They look like robots , but they can speak . Their mission is to make friends with human beings . That means that you talk to them ? In which language ?
Aliens from the outer space ? Do you talk to them ? What do they look like ? OK , OK , one by one , please ! They look like robots , but they can speak . Their mission is to make friends with human beings . That means that you talk to them ? In which language ? Of course in English , they learn English on Mars too .
What a beautiful watch . It goes very well with your ring . Thank you . Is that your wedding ring ? I'm not married yet . It's my engagement ring .
Thank you . Is that your wedding ring ? I'm not married yet . It's my engagement ring . Well , congratulations . When is the big date ?
Is that your wedding ring ? I'm not married yet . It's my engagement ring . Well , congratulations . When is the big date ? In June .
I'm not married yet . It's my engagement ring . Well , congratulations . When is the big date ? In June . Did you have the watch before getting the ring ?
Well , congratulations . When is the big date ? In June . Did you have the watch before getting the ring ? Actually , we bought the ring together after I got the watch .
In June . Did you have the watch before getting the ring ? Actually , we bought the ring together after I got the watch . You did a fabulous job with the selection . It's gorgeous .
Did you have the watch before getting the ring ? Actually , we bought the ring together after I got the watch . You did a fabulous job with the selection . It's gorgeous . Thank you so much .
Actually , we bought the ring together after I got the watch . You did a fabulous job with the selection . It's gorgeous . Thank you so much . What kind of watch is it ?
You did a fabulous job with the selection . It's gorgeous . Thank you so much . What kind of watch is it ? It's a Tag Heer .
Thank you so much . What kind of watch is it ? It's a Tag Heer . If you don't mind me asking , how much do they cost ?
What kind of watch is it ? It's a Tag Heer . If you don't mind me asking , how much do they cost ? This one is $ 1500 . But they range from $ 600 to $ 3000 .
It's a Tag Heer . If you don't mind me asking , how much do they cost ? This one is $ 1500 . But they range from $ 600 to $ 3000 . That's why it looks so nice . I should have figured . You always get what you pay for .
How are the children doing at sport ? I ' m very pleased with their performances . Timmy can cover the 100 meters in 12 seconds . That ' s very fast for a kid his age . He ' s not very good at the long jump though , is he ? He ' s not bad . He can jump a distance of over four meters . I think he just prefers running to jumping . Jimmy ' s very good at the high jump . He can jump over two meters . Again , that ' s fine for someone his age .
I ' m very pleased with their performances . Timmy can cover the 100 meters in 12 seconds . That ' s very fast for a kid his age . He ' s not very good at the long jump though , is he ? He ' s not bad . He can jump a distance of over four meters . I think he just prefers running to jumping . Jimmy ' s very good at the high jump . He can jump over two meters . Again , that ' s fine for someone his age . Two meters ? That means that the high jump bar is above his head ! Are any of them good at long-distance running ?
He ' s not very good at the long jump though , is he ? He ' s not bad . He can jump a distance of over four meters . I think he just prefers running to jumping . Jimmy ' s very good at the high jump . He can jump over two meters . Again , that ' s fine for someone his age . Two meters ? That means that the high jump bar is above his head ! Are any of them good at long-distance running ? The longest race we run is the 1500 meters . A few of the boys and one girls can do it in less than five minutes .
He ' s not bad . He can jump a distance of over four meters . I think he just prefers running to jumping . Jimmy ' s very good at the high jump . He can jump over two meters . Again , that ' s fine for someone his age . Two meters ? That means that the high jump bar is above his head ! Are any of them good at long-distance running ? The longest race we run is the 1500 meters . A few of the boys and one girls can do it in less than five minutes . How are they at swimming ?
Two meters ? That means that the high jump bar is above his head ! Are any of them good at long-distance running ? The longest race we run is the 1500 meters . A few of the boys and one girls can do it in less than five minutes . How are they at swimming ? They ' re ok . I ask them to swim 500 meters each day . That ' s 20 lengths of the swimming pool . They ' re not very fast , but that ' s ok . I just want them to build their strength up and keep in shape .
The longest race we run is the 1500 meters . A few of the boys and one girls can do it in less than five minutes . How are they at swimming ? They ' re ok . I ask them to swim 500 meters each day . That ' s 20 lengths of the swimming pool . They ' re not very fast , but that ' s ok . I just want them to build their strength up and keep in shape . Kate is very good at diving from a height of 10 meters .
How are they at swimming ? They ' re ok . I ask them to swim 500 meters each day . That ' s 20 lengths of the swimming pool . They ' re not very fast , but that ' s ok . I just want them to build their strength up and keep in shape . Kate is very good at diving from a height of 10 meters . I ' d be afraid to jump from that height !
They ' re ok . I ask them to swim 500 meters each day . That ' s 20 lengths of the swimming pool . They ' re not very fast , but that ' s ok . I just want them to build their strength up and keep in shape . Kate is very good at diving from a height of 10 meters . I ' d be afraid to jump from that height ! I think that these kinds haven ' t learnt to be afraid yet . She started diving from a lower height , but she soon wanted to go higher .
Hi , there . Look at these . I have collected some ads here . There is a special promotion for Mother's Day this weekend . Oh , yes . Mother's Day is coming . Do you plan to buy anything ? Of course . I want to buy some night cream for my mom , and some masques for myself . Hmm . In Carrefour , Clinique will be promoting their visible skin renewed cream .
Oh , yes . Mother's Day is coming . Do you plan to buy anything ? Of course . I want to buy some night cream for my mom , and some masques for myself . Hmm . In Carrefour , Clinique will be promoting their visible skin renewed cream . How much is it ?
Of course . I want to buy some night cream for my mom , and some masques for myself . Hmm . In Carrefour , Clinique will be promoting their visible skin renewed cream . How much is it ? 180 yuan , and you can get a free 8 piece gift package .
Hmm . In Carrefour , Clinique will be promoting their visible skin renewed cream . How much is it ? 180 yuan , and you can get a free 8 piece gift package . What's included in the gift package ?
How much is it ? 180 yuan , and you can get a free 8 piece gift package . What's included in the gift package ? Some black mascara , moisturizing orion , eye cream crystal lipstick , a two color eye shadow pack , styling hairspray , and a cosmetics bag .
Do you have a package tour to Hollywood ? Yes , here is the table , which plans do you like best ? The seven-days trip shall be fine . How much is this tour ? $ 300 .
Yes , here is the table , which plans do you like best ? The seven-days trip shall be fine . How much is this tour ? $ 300 . We will take the trip . Could you give us a pamphlet ?
Have you ever gotten a parking ticket ? I've never gotten one . Have you ? I got a ticket yesterday . Really ? What did you get one for ?
I've never gotten one . Have you ? I got a ticket yesterday . Really ? What did you get one for ? I parked in the red zone .
I got a ticket yesterday . Really ? What did you get one for ? I parked in the red zone . Why did you do that ?
Really ? What did you get one for ? I parked in the red zone . Why did you do that ? I needed to get something really quick .
I parked in the red zone . Why did you do that ? I needed to get something really quick . Where did you park at ?
Why did you do that ? I needed to get something really quick . Where did you park at ? At my apartment building .
I needed to get something really quick . Where did you park at ? At my apartment building . Don't you have your own parking spot ?
Where did you park at ? At my apartment building . Don't you have your own parking spot ? I needed to be fast .
Next , please . May I help you , sir ? Hello , yes , I ' d like to open a bank account . Certainly , I can can help you with that . What type of account would you like to open ? A chequing or a savings account ? What What features do they offer ?
Hello , yes , I ' d like to open a bank account . Certainly , I can can help you with that . What type of account would you like to open ? A chequing or a savings account ? What What features do they offer ? Well , if you just take a look here , see , with our chequing account , you can have unlimited daily transactions for a small monthly fee , and our savings account has a higher interest rate , but you must carry a minimum balance of $ 10,000 dollars .
Certainly , I can can help you with that . What type of account would you like to open ? A chequing or a savings account ? What What features do they offer ? Well , if you just take a look here , see , with our chequing account , you can have unlimited daily transactions for a small monthly fee , and our savings account has a higher interest rate , but you must carry a minimum balance of $ 10,000 dollars . I see , well , I think I ' m more interested in a chequing account . I like to have easy access to my money .
What What features do they offer ? Well , if you just take a look here , see , with our chequing account , you can have unlimited daily transactions for a small monthly fee , and our savings account has a higher interest rate , but you must carry a minimum balance of $ 10,000 dollars . I see , well , I think I ' m more interested in a chequing account . I like to have easy access to my money . Alright , then , with this chequing account you ' ll be issued a debit card and a cheque book . Will you require overdraft protection ? There is an extra fee for that .
Well , if you just take a look here , see , with our chequing account , you can have unlimited daily transactions for a small monthly fee , and our savings account has a higher interest rate , but you must carry a minimum balance of $ 10,000 dollars . I see , well , I think I ' m more interested in a chequing account . I like to have easy access to my money . Alright , then , with this chequing account you ' ll be issued a debit card and a cheque book . Will you require overdraft protection ? There is an extra fee for that . No , that won ' t be necessary .
I see , well , I think I ' m more interested in a chequing account . I like to have easy access to my money . Alright , then , with this chequing account you ' ll be issued a debit card and a cheque book . Will you require overdraft protection ? There is an extra fee for that . No , that won ' t be necessary . In that case , I ' ll get you to fill out this paperwork . I ' ll need your social insurance number , and two pieces of government ID . If you could just sign here , and here , and here . we ' ll be all set . Would you like to make a deposit today ?
Lili , let ' s take a vacation ! George , how can we ? Vacations cost money . And this month we don ' t have much money left after paying the rent . Well , Lili , we can visit different places in the state in our van 10 . We are not going to take a plane or stay at a hotel this time . Trust me , it won ' t cost much . Where will we sleep , then ?
George , how can we ? Vacations cost money . And this month we don ' t have much money left after paying the rent . Well , Lili , we can visit different places in the state in our van 10 . We are not going to take a plane or stay at a hotel this time . Trust me , it won ' t cost much . Where will we sleep , then ? In the van .
Well , Lili , we can visit different places in the state in our van 10 . We are not going to take a plane or stay at a hotel this time . Trust me , it won ' t cost much . Where will we sleep , then ? In the van . What about other expenses ?
Where will we sleep , then ? In the van . What about other expenses ? Let ' s see . Gas , food , recreation , we won ' t spend much . Come on . Don ' t hesitate . We need to get out of the house once in a while . We have been working hard , haven ' t we ?
In the van . What about other expenses ? Let ' s see . Gas , food , recreation , we won ' t spend much . Come on . Don ' t hesitate . We need to get out of the house once in a while . We have been working hard , haven ' t we ? Maybe you ' re right . When do you plan to go ?
What about other expenses ? Let ' s see . Gas , food , recreation , we won ' t spend much . Come on . Don ' t hesitate . We need to get out of the house once in a while . We have been working hard , haven ' t we ? Maybe you ' re right . When do you plan to go ? The sooner the better ! I can ' t wait !
Let ' s see . Gas , food , recreation , we won ' t spend much . Come on . Don ' t hesitate . We need to get out of the house once in a while . We have been working hard , haven ' t we ? Maybe you ' re right . When do you plan to go ? The sooner the better ! I can ' t wait ! Oh , I don ' t know where we ' re going yet .
Maybe you ' re right . When do you plan to go ? The sooner the better ! I can ' t wait ! Oh , I don ' t know where we ' re going yet . As long as we ' re going , you can decide where to go . I trust your judgments . I know you miss Chinese food , so we can eat at a Chinese restaurant this time .
The sooner the better ! I can ' t wait ! Oh , I don ' t know where we ' re going yet . As long as we ' re going , you can decide where to go . I trust your judgments . I know you miss Chinese food , so we can eat at a Chinese restaurant this time . Let ' s go to Chicago . We can have lunch in Chinatown . Then we can go to a ball game at Wrigley Field !
Good morning . Thank you for the interview . No problem . Now , do you prefer working with others or flying solo ? Actually , I enjoy both . So , what is most important to you in a job ? Do you need job security or professional growth and a chance to advance ?
No problem . Now , do you prefer working with others or flying solo ? Actually , I enjoy both . So , what is most important to you in a job ? Do you need job security or professional growth and a chance to advance ? I need job security .
Actually , I enjoy both . So , what is most important to you in a job ? Do you need job security or professional growth and a chance to advance ? I need job security . Would you be able to relocate ?
So , what is most important to you in a job ? Do you need job security or professional growth and a chance to advance ? I need job security . Would you be able to relocate ? I am open to relocating .
I need job security . Would you be able to relocate ? I am open to relocating . What are your annual salary requirements ?
Would you be able to relocate ? I am open to relocating . What are your annual salary requirements ? I need at least 75,000 per year .
Excuse me . can you tell me where Main Street is ? Turn left at the second light and then go straight for two blocks . Is it far ? No . it ' s only five minutes walk . you can ' t miss it .
Turn left at the second light and then go straight for two blocks . Is it far ? No . it ' s only five minutes walk . you can ' t miss it . Thanks a lot
Excuse me . Do you know where the Admiral Hotel is ? That's over on Callaway Street , isn't it ? Yes , but I can't find Callaway Street . Walk that way for about four blocks . The hotel's about two blocks north of there .
That's over on Callaway Street , isn't it ? Yes , but I can't find Callaway Street . Walk that way for about four blocks . The hotel's about two blocks north of there . Thanks a lot .
Good evening , Pizza House . This is Marty speaking . May I take your order ? Um yes . I'd like a medium pizza with pepperoni , olives , and extra cheese . We have a two-for-one special on large pizzas . Would you like a large pizza instead ? Sure , that sounds good .
Um yes . I'd like a medium pizza with pepperoni , olives , and extra cheese . We have a two-for-one special on large pizzas . Would you like a large pizza instead ? Sure , that sounds good . Great ! Would you like your second pizza to be the same as the first ?
We have a two-for-one special on large pizzas . Would you like a large pizza instead ? Sure , that sounds good . Great ! Would you like your second pizza to be the same as the first ? No , make the second one with ham , pineapple and green peppers . Oh , and make it thin crust .
Sure , that sounds good . Great ! Would you like your second pizza to be the same as the first ? No , make the second one with ham , pineapple and green peppers . Oh , and make it thin crust . Okay , thin crust . Your total is $ 21 . 50 and yourorder will arrive in thirty minutes or it ' s free !
Great ! Would you like your second pizza to be the same as the first ? No , make the second one with ham , pineapple and green peppers . Oh , and make it thin crust . Okay , thin crust . Your total is $ 21 . 50 and yourorder will arrive in thirty minutes or it ' s free ! Perfect . Thank you . Bye ..
Wow , Amy , look at that number . What's so great about it ? What do you mean ? It's a scrim . Not to me , I wouldn't be caught dead in that .
What's so great about it ? What do you mean ? It's a scrim . Not to me , I wouldn't be caught dead in that . I love that kind of stuff .
What do you mean ? It's a scrim . Not to me , I wouldn't be caught dead in that . I love that kind of stuff . Yeah , you seem to like those styles .
Not to me , I wouldn't be caught dead in that . I love that kind of stuff . Yeah , you seem to like those styles . Sure do . I get a kick out of looking punk .
I love that kind of stuff . Yeah , you seem to like those styles . Sure do . I get a kick out of looking punk . This one looks really expensive though .
Yeah , you seem to like those styles . Sure do . I get a kick out of looking punk . This one looks really expensive though . I don't care how much it costs . I'm rolling in it .
Sure do . I get a kick out of looking punk . This one looks really expensive though . I don't care how much it costs . I'm rolling in it . Lucky you ! I can't buy anything else . I'm flat broke .
This one looks really expensive though . I don't care how much it costs . I'm rolling in it . Lucky you ! I can't buy anything else . I'm flat broke . I got a replace my party outfit , I trashed it last week .
I don't care how much it costs . I'm rolling in it . Lucky you ! I can't buy anything else . I'm flat broke . I got a replace my party outfit , I trashed it last week . Why did you drag me into this ? I've spent a week salary .
Lucky you ! I can't buy anything else . I'm flat broke . I got a replace my party outfit , I trashed it last week . Why did you drag me into this ? I've spent a week salary . Are you on the level ? You're the one who called me , remember ?
What kind of place shall we rent ? It should be close to the university . Neither of us are good at getting up in the mornings and closer it is , the later we can get up . Absolutely . That's the most important thing to take into consideration . I'm not too worried about the size of the flat . Neither am I . So a small place is ok , but we'll get a bigger one if it's not expensive . Do you mind if it's in a noisy area ?
It should be close to the university . Neither of us are good at getting up in the mornings and closer it is , the later we can get up . Absolutely . That's the most important thing to take into consideration . I'm not too worried about the size of the flat . Neither am I . So a small place is ok , but we'll get a bigger one if it's not expensive . Do you mind if it's in a noisy area ? I don't mind . i'm not a light sleeper , but quieter is better for when we have to study at home .
Absolutely . That's the most important thing to take into consideration . I'm not too worried about the size of the flat . Neither am I . So a small place is ok , but we'll get a bigger one if it's not expensive . Do you mind if it's in a noisy area ? I don't mind . i'm not a light sleeper , but quieter is better for when we have to study at home . Good point . Ok , let's go to the estate agent and see what they can offer us .
Neither am I . So a small place is ok , but we'll get a bigger one if it's not expensive . Do you mind if it's in a noisy area ? I don't mind . i'm not a light sleeper , but quieter is better for when we have to study at home . Good point . Ok , let's go to the estate agent and see what they can offer us . Yes , if we're lucky we'll find something in the next few days . I think you had a good idea to start flat hunting early .
I don't mind . i'm not a light sleeper , but quieter is better for when we have to study at home . Good point . Ok , let's go to the estate agent and see what they can offer us . Yes , if we're lucky we'll find something in the next few days . I think you had a good idea to start flat hunting early . How much do you think the rent will be ?
How is your new dormitory ? It's very nice . There are only four people , and those girls are very kind and friendly . Well , do you all major in the same subject ? No , the other three girls major in a computer science , and they can help me a lot with the computer operating .
How long does it take to get to downtown from here ? It is 15 minutes ' drive . What companies do we have in our neighborhood ? Mitsubishi , HP , IBM and many other famous corporations .
It is 15 minutes ' drive . What companies do we have in our neighborhood ? Mitsubishi , HP , IBM and many other famous corporations . Does the 7th floor belong to our company too ?
What companies do we have in our neighborhood ? Mitsubishi , HP , IBM and many other famous corporations . Does the 7th floor belong to our company too ? Yes , our company has two floors , the 6th and 7th floor in this building .
Mitsubishi , HP , IBM and many other famous corporations . Does the 7th floor belong to our company too ? Yes , our company has two floors , the 6th and 7th floor in this building . It ' s such a large firm . Do we have our own staff restaurant ?
Where are you going , Jane ? I'm going to the hospital to see Susan . I saw her yesterday . She was a little better . Must I catch a number 7 bus to get there ?
I'm going to the hospital to see Susan . I saw her yesterday . She was a little better . Must I catch a number 7 bus to get there ? No , you needn't . A number 13 bus will also take you to the hospital .
I saw her yesterday . She was a little better . Must I catch a number 7 bus to get there ? No , you needn't . A number 13 bus will also take you to the hospital . Number 13 buses run much more frequently , don't they ?
Must I catch a number 7 bus to get there ? No , you needn't . A number 13 bus will also take you to the hospital . Number 13 buses run much more frequently , don't they ? Yes . I caught a number 7 bus yesterday , and they said I had taken a wrong bus .
No , you needn't . A number 13 bus will also take you to the hospital . Number 13 buses run much more frequently , don't they ? Yes . I caught a number 7 bus yesterday , and they said I had taken a wrong bus . Thank you , Henry . I'll get a number 13 .
Honey , do you have a second ? Sure ! Are you okay ? You seem a bit worried . What ' s on your mind ? We need to talk . Okay ...
Sure ! Are you okay ? You seem a bit worried . What ' s on your mind ? We need to talk . Okay ... I ' Ve been thinking , and well , I think we need to start seeing other people .
We need to talk . Okay ... I ' Ve been thinking , and well , I think we need to start seeing other people . What ? Why ? I mean , we ' Ve had our ups and downs , and we have the occasional disagreement , but we ' re happy together , aren ' t we ?
Okay ... I ' Ve been thinking , and well , I think we need to start seeing other people . What ? Why ? I mean , we ' Ve had our ups and downs , and we have the occasional disagreement , but we ' re happy together , aren ' t we ? That ' s just it , I ' m not happy anymore , Tim . It ' s not you , it ' s me . I know that I can be hard to deal with , and you are a great guy ! You are the type of guy that any woman would kill for !
I ' Ve been thinking , and well , I think we need to start seeing other people . What ? Why ? I mean , we ' Ve had our ups and downs , and we have the occasional disagreement , but we ' re happy together , aren ' t we ? That ' s just it , I ' m not happy anymore , Tim . It ' s not you , it ' s me . I know that I can be hard to deal with , and you are a great guy ! You are the type of guy that any woman would kill for ! So , what are you saying ? You ' re breaking up with me because I ' m perfect ?
What ? Why ? I mean , we ' Ve had our ups and downs , and we have the occasional disagreement , but we ' re happy together , aren ' t we ? That ' s just it , I ' m not happy anymore , Tim . It ' s not you , it ' s me . I know that I can be hard to deal with , and you are a great guy ! You are the type of guy that any woman would kill for ! So , what are you saying ? You ' re breaking up with me because I ' m perfect ? Tim , you are too good for me . You deserve someone who can make you smile and make you happy the way that you made me happy . Oh , I could say that I ' ll be all you need , but that would be a lie . I know I ' d only hurt you , I know I ' d only make you cry .
That ' s just it , I ' m not happy anymore , Tim . It ' s not you , it ' s me . I know that I can be hard to deal with , and you are a great guy ! You are the type of guy that any woman would kill for ! So , what are you saying ? You ' re breaking up with me because I ' m perfect ? Tim , you are too good for me . You deserve someone who can make you smile and make you happy the way that you made me happy . Oh , I could say that I ' ll be all you need , but that would be a lie . I know I ' d only hurt you , I know I ' d only make you cry . Baby , come on . Don ' t do this to me ! Whatever it is , we can work it out . Just give me another chance ! I know that we can get through this , but we gotta stick together ! Don ' t leave me .
So , what are you saying ? You ' re breaking up with me because I ' m perfect ? Tim , you are too good for me . You deserve someone who can make you smile and make you happy the way that you made me happy . Oh , I could say that I ' ll be all you need , but that would be a lie . I know I ' d only hurt you , I know I ' d only make you cry . Baby , come on . Don ' t do this to me ! Whatever it is , we can work it out . Just give me another chance ! I know that we can get through this , but we gotta stick together ! Don ' t leave me . I can ' t , Tim . I hope someday you can find some way to understand I ' m only doing this for you . I don ' t really wanna go but , deep in my heart I know this is the kindest thing to do .
Tim , you are too good for me . You deserve someone who can make you smile and make you happy the way that you made me happy . Oh , I could say that I ' ll be all you need , but that would be a lie . I know I ' d only hurt you , I know I ' d only make you cry . Baby , come on . Don ' t do this to me ! Whatever it is , we can work it out . Just give me another chance ! I know that we can get through this , but we gotta stick together ! Don ' t leave me . I can ' t , Tim . I hope someday you can find some way to understand I ' m only doing this for you . I don ' t really wanna go but , deep in my heart I know this is the kindest thing to do . Laura ...
I want to see the man responsible for selling typewriters . My name is Steven . I'm the Sales Manager of this company . Well , look here . Ten new typewriters were delivered to my company yesterday afternoon and only five of them work properly . Oh , I'm sorry about that .
My name is Steven . I'm the Sales Manager of this company . Well , look here . Ten new typewriters were delivered to my company yesterday afternoon and only five of them work properly . Oh , I'm sorry about that . Never mind being sorry , what are you going to do about it ?
Well , look here . Ten new typewriters were delivered to my company yesterday afternoon and only five of them work properly . Oh , I'm sorry about that . Never mind being sorry , what are you going to do about it ? Don't worry , we'll soon fix them .
Oh , I'm sorry about that . Never mind being sorry , what are you going to do about it ? Don't worry , we'll soon fix them . Good , I hope you'll make sure that it won't happen again .
Never mind being sorry , what are you going to do about it ? Don't worry , we'll soon fix them . Good , I hope you'll make sure that it won't happen again . I'll certainly look into that .
Cindy , how come nearly all the prime-time TV shows are comedies ? That's because Americans love sitcoms . Sitcoms ? Situation comedies . A sitcom is half an hour long and it airs weekly . Sitcom shows tend to be about ordinary people . If there is one thing that all the shows have in common , it is teaching wholesome values .
That's because Americans love sitcoms . Sitcoms ? Situation comedies . A sitcom is half an hour long and it airs weekly . Sitcom shows tend to be about ordinary people . If there is one thing that all the shows have in common , it is teaching wholesome values . In Taiwan , prime-time shows are an hour long and most of them aren't comedies .
Hello , Jack . I'm John . I'm glad to see you ! Sit down , please . Maybe you have read the contract , but I want to give you the details again before you sign the contract . You must have a three-month internship . Yes , I know .
I'm glad to see you ! Sit down , please . Maybe you have read the contract , but I want to give you the details again before you sign the contract . You must have a three-month internship . Yes , I know . When you become a permanent employee , you will have the insurances . You will get monthly pay and will be on eight-hour / day work shift .
Sit down , please . Maybe you have read the contract , but I want to give you the details again before you sign the contract . You must have a three-month internship . Yes , I know . When you become a permanent employee , you will have the insurances . You will get monthly pay and will be on eight-hour / day work shift . Wait , will I have five insurances and one fund ?
Yes , I know . When you become a permanent employee , you will have the insurances . You will get monthly pay and will be on eight-hour / day work shift . Wait , will I have five insurances and one fund ? Yes . You can also enjoy legal holidays and year-end bonus .
When you become a permanent employee , you will have the insurances . You will get monthly pay and will be on eight-hour / day work shift . Wait , will I have five insurances and one fund ? Yes . You can also enjoy legal holidays and year-end bonus . It sounds great !
Wait , will I have five insurances and one fund ? Yes . You can also enjoy legal holidays and year-end bonus . It sounds great ! If you need to work overtime , you will get twice the usual salary as overtime pay .
Yes . You can also enjoy legal holidays and year-end bonus . It sounds great ! If you need to work overtime , you will get twice the usual salary as overtime pay . OK .
It sounds great ! If you need to work overtime , you will get twice the usual salary as overtime pay . OK . You have read the relevant terms of the contract . Do you have other questions ?
If you need to work overtime , you will get twice the usual salary as overtime pay . OK . You have read the relevant terms of the contract . Do you have other questions ? How long will the induction training be ?
OK . You have read the relevant terms of the contract . Do you have other questions ? How long will the induction training be ? About two weeks .
You have read the relevant terms of the contract . Do you have other questions ? How long will the induction training be ? About two weeks . I see .
How long will the induction training be ? About two weeks . I see . If you don't have other questions , just sign here .
What do you think I should do , doctor ? Why don't you try Chinese herbal medicine ? Is it useful for me ? You have to try at least .
Why don't you try Chinese herbal medicine ? Is it useful for me ? You have to try at least . OK . Thanks a lot .
Mary , it's good to see you ! Josh and I were just on our way back home from the beach and thought we'd drop by . I am so glad that you decided to stop by ! Yes , it has been a long time since we have seen you .
Josh and I were just on our way back home from the beach and thought we'd drop by . I am so glad that you decided to stop by ! Yes , it has been a long time since we have seen you . Mary , can I get Josh or you something to drink ?
I am so glad that you decided to stop by ! Yes , it has been a long time since we have seen you . Mary , can I get Josh or you something to drink ? Oh no , thank you . We aren't all that thirsty .
Yes , it has been a long time since we have seen you . Mary , can I get Josh or you something to drink ? Oh no , thank you . We aren't all that thirsty . How about a little snack then ?
Mary , can I get Josh or you something to drink ? Oh no , thank you . We aren't all that thirsty . How about a little snack then ? No , thank you , we just ate lunch a little while ago .
Oh no , thank you . We aren't all that thirsty . How about a little snack then ? No , thank you , we just ate lunch a little while ago . Well then , how is your family ?
What's your favorite book ? It's Gone With the Wind . Why do you like it best ? I enjoy the various characters and the plot .
It's Gone With the Wind . Why do you like it best ? I enjoy the various characters and the plot . Well . I like the Thom Birds best .
Why do you like it best ? I enjoy the various characters and the plot . Well . I like the Thom Birds best . Is it very interesting ?
I enjoy the various characters and the plot . Well . I like the Thom Birds best . Is it very interesting ? Sure . I like the writer's language , too .
Well . I like the Thom Birds best . Is it very interesting ? Sure . I like the writer's language , too . If I have a chance , I'll enjoy the book .
Is it very interesting ? Sure . I like the writer's language , too . If I have a chance , I'll enjoy the book . Would you like to go to the bookshop with me ?
Have you seen the new James Bond movie ? Oh , yes . You ? Yes . What did you think of it ? I thought it was better than the others-I really liked it . What did you think of it ?
Oh , yes . You ? Yes . What did you think of it ? I thought it was better than the others-I really liked it . What did you think of it ? Yes , I liked it , too . It was exciting , but not over the top . Do you know what I mean ?
Yes . What did you think of it ? I thought it was better than the others-I really liked it . What did you think of it ? Yes , I liked it , too . It was exciting , but not over the top . Do you know what I mean ? Mmm . That's what I thought too . I really liked the car chase , and the opening credit sequence was very exciting . And I always enjoy watching Pierce Brosnan .
I thought it was better than the others-I really liked it . What did you think of it ? Yes , I liked it , too . It was exciting , but not over the top . Do you know what I mean ? Mmm . That's what I thought too . I really liked the car chase , and the opening credit sequence was very exciting . And I always enjoy watching Pierce Brosnan . Oh , yes . He's brilliant . Did you like the title song ?
Yes , I liked it , too . It was exciting , but not over the top . Do you know what I mean ? Mmm . That's what I thought too . I really liked the car chase , and the opening credit sequence was very exciting . And I always enjoy watching Pierce Brosnan . Oh , yes . He's brilliant . Did you like the title song ? Not as much as last time , actually . What's the name of the American actor who was in the supporting role ?
Mmm . That's what I thought too . I really liked the car chase , and the opening credit sequence was very exciting . And I always enjoy watching Pierce Brosnan . Oh , yes . He's brilliant . Did you like the title song ? Not as much as last time , actually . What's the name of the American actor who was in the supporting role ? Hum , Edward Norton , or something like that . Did you like him ?
Oh , yes . He's brilliant . Did you like the title song ? Not as much as last time , actually . What's the name of the American actor who was in the supporting role ? Hum , Edward Norton , or something like that . Did you like him ? Yes . He was excellent . They worked well together , don't you think ?
Not as much as last time , actually . What's the name of the American actor who was in the supporting role ? Hum , Edward Norton , or something like that . Did you like him ? Yes . He was excellent . They worked well together , don't you think ? I don't know . I think the woman was better . She provided a good love interest . Lucky James Bond !
Good morning , everyone . Let me introduce myself to you ... You don't need to introduce yourself , Yang . You're famous . Well , thank you very much but I thought l'd try and chair the meeting by the rule -- at least for a while . OK , OK !
You don't need to introduce yourself , Yang . You're famous . Well , thank you very much but I thought l'd try and chair the meeting by the rule -- at least for a while . OK , OK ! Now , I'd like to get things under way . The main topic on today's agenda is the development of a U . S . sales strategy for the new EBB . I'd like to hear all of your ideas , Mr . Wall , you seem in top form today . Could you start the ball rolling ?
Well , thank you very much but I thought l'd try and chair the meeting by the rule -- at least for a while . OK , OK ! Now , I'd like to get things under way . The main topic on today's agenda is the development of a U . S . sales strategy for the new EBB . I'd like to hear all of your ideas , Mr . Wall , you seem in top form today . Could you start the ball rolling ? Uh , oh , sure . Well , I think we should keep in mind that the key to good sales is advertising .
OK , OK ! Now , I'd like to get things under way . The main topic on today's agenda is the development of a U . S . sales strategy for the new EBB . I'd like to hear all of your ideas , Mr . Wall , you seem in top form today . Could you start the ball rolling ? Uh , oh , sure . Well , I think we should keep in mind that the key to good sales is advertising . Well , that's kind of obvious .
Now , I'd like to get things under way . The main topic on today's agenda is the development of a U . S . sales strategy for the new EBB . I'd like to hear all of your ideas , Mr . Wall , you seem in top form today . Could you start the ball rolling ? Uh , oh , sure . Well , I think we should keep in mind that the key to good sales is advertising . Well , that's kind of obvious . Give me a break , Mr Yang .
What are the most popular sports in your country ? Swimming in summer and skating in winter . What ' s your favorite sport ? Jogging and bowling . Do you know how to practise Bungfu ? No I don't But l do Taijiquan or Shadow boxing . People everywhere in China usually do Taijiquan early in the morning . It can help people keep fit . It has a history of over three hundred years .
Swimming in summer and skating in winter . What ' s your favorite sport ? Jogging and bowling . Do you know how to practise Bungfu ? No I don't But l do Taijiquan or Shadow boxing . People everywhere in China usually do Taijiquan early in the morning . It can help people keep fit . It has a history of over three hundred years . Is it easy to learn ?
Jogging and bowling . Do you know how to practise Bungfu ? No I don't But l do Taijiquan or Shadow boxing . People everywhere in China usually do Taijiquan early in the morning . It can help people keep fit . It has a history of over three hundred years . Is it easy to learn ? Yes . it is I can teach you if you like .
No I don't But l do Taijiquan or Shadow boxing . People everywhere in China usually do Taijiquan early in the morning . It can help people keep fit . It has a history of over three hundred years . Is it easy to learn ? Yes . it is I can teach you if you like . Thank you . I can teach you how to bowl .
how long will it take us to drive to London ? I think it ' s a distance of 180 kilometers from here to London , so it should be a two-hour drive on the motorway . that ' s unless there is a traffic jam . It could take three hours . you ' re right . We will be able to travel at high speeds at the beginning and end of the journey , because we will be in built-up areas .
I think it ' s a distance of 180 kilometers from here to London , so it should be a two-hour drive on the motorway . that ' s unless there is a traffic jam . It could take three hours . you ' re right . We will be able to travel at high speeds at the beginning and end of the journey , because we will be in built-up areas . so , shall we allow three hours to cover the distance ?
that ' s unless there is a traffic jam . It could take three hours . you ' re right . We will be able to travel at high speeds at the beginning and end of the journey , because we will be in built-up areas . so , shall we allow three hours to cover the distance ? ok . You haven ' t seen my company car , have you ?
you ' re right . We will be able to travel at high speeds at the beginning and end of the journey , because we will be in built-up areas . so , shall we allow three hours to cover the distance ? ok . You haven ' t seen my company car , have you ? no . let me take a look ... it ' s longer than my car .
so , shall we allow three hours to cover the distance ? ok . You haven ' t seen my company car , have you ? no . let me take a look ... it ' s longer than my car . I think it ' s over five meters long . I can ' t remember exactly . It has a maximum speed of over 200 kilometers an hour .
ok . You haven ' t seen my company car , have you ? no . let me take a look ... it ' s longer than my car . I think it ' s over five meters long . I can ' t remember exactly . It has a maximum speed of over 200 kilometers an hour . wow ! That ' s fast ! I don ' t think we will be traveling that fast on the motorway .
We have another traditional holiday-the Dragon Boat Festival . When is it ? It falls on the fifth day of the fifth lunar month . Could you tell me the origin of the two festivals ?
When is it ? It falls on the fifth day of the fifth lunar month . Could you tell me the origin of the two festivals ? OK . The Dragon Boat Festival is a way to commemorate a great ancient poet named Quyuan . On that day , people will hold a boat race as a symbol of the attempt to save him who threw himself into the river .
It falls on the fifth day of the fifth lunar month . Could you tell me the origin of the two festivals ? OK . The Dragon Boat Festival is a way to commemorate a great ancient poet named Quyuan . On that day , people will hold a boat race as a symbol of the attempt to save him who threw himself into the river . Why do people eat rice cakes on that day ?
Could you tell me the origin of the two festivals ? OK . The Dragon Boat Festival is a way to commemorate a great ancient poet named Quyuan . On that day , people will hold a boat race as a symbol of the attempt to save him who threw himself into the river . Why do people eat rice cakes on that day ? In order to prevent the fish from eating the poet's body .
Excuse me , could you please show me the way to the human resource department ? Yeah , but have you made an appointment ahead ? Yes , of course . I am Monica . I have made an appointment with your HR manager . Just a minute please . I ' ll make a call to the HR office . Yes , they confirm your appointment . Please come in . it is on the 3rd floor , room 3106 . You can take the right elevator as the left on is in maintenance today .
Yeah , but have you made an appointment ahead ? Yes , of course . I am Monica . I have made an appointment with your HR manager . Just a minute please . I ' ll make a call to the HR office . Yes , they confirm your appointment . Please come in . it is on the 3rd floor , room 3106 . You can take the right elevator as the left on is in maintenance today . Thank you very much .
What's that book you have under your arm ? It's the best seller everyone's been talking about for the last six months . How in the world did you get a copy ? I've put a hold on it at the public library for weeks and I'm still waiting my turn . I checked it out of the rental library . It only costs five cents a day .
It's the best seller everyone's been talking about for the last six months . How in the world did you get a copy ? I've put a hold on it at the public library for weeks and I'm still waiting my turn . I checked it out of the rental library . It only costs five cents a day . Is it really worth paying for ?
How in the world did you get a copy ? I've put a hold on it at the public library for weeks and I'm still waiting my turn . I checked it out of the rental library . It only costs five cents a day . Is it really worth paying for ? I can't tell yet . I haven't got beyond the first chapter .
Good evening , ma'am . Table for one ? Yes , please . Will this table be all right ? Actually , I'd like a booth by the window if that's possible .
Yes , please . Will this table be all right ? Actually , I'd like a booth by the window if that's possible . Certainly . How about this one ?
Will this table be all right ? Actually , I'd like a booth by the window if that's possible . Certainly . How about this one ? This will be fine , thanks .
Actually , I'd like a booth by the window if that's possible . Certainly . How about this one ? This will be fine , thanks . ( Handing her a menu ) Your waiter will be here in a minute to take your order .
Hey , you look great ! how's everything ? Yeah , you know what ? I've been going to the club regularly . The training really pays off . Now I am in a good shape and I know more about how to keep fit . Really ? tell me about it . I haven't gone to the club for a long time . I am too busy with work . It's important to do proper exercises .
Yeah , you know what ? I've been going to the club regularly . The training really pays off . Now I am in a good shape and I know more about how to keep fit . Really ? tell me about it . I haven't gone to the club for a long time . I am too busy with work . It's important to do proper exercises . You're right . Too much or too little won't do any good .
Really ? tell me about it . I haven't gone to the club for a long time . I am too busy with work . It's important to do proper exercises . You're right . Too much or too little won't do any good . The trainer tells me , besides regular sports activities , I should also have a healthy and balanced diet .
It's important to do proper exercises . You're right . Too much or too little won't do any good . The trainer tells me , besides regular sports activities , I should also have a healthy and balanced diet . Sounds reasonable .
You're right . Too much or too little won't do any good . The trainer tells me , besides regular sports activities , I should also have a healthy and balanced diet . Sounds reasonable . We should eat more vegetables instead of junk food to stay energetic .
The trainer tells me , besides regular sports activities , I should also have a healthy and balanced diet . Sounds reasonable . We should eat more vegetables instead of junk food to stay energetic . And fruits !
Sounds reasonable . We should eat more vegetables instead of junk food to stay energetic . And fruits ! Surely it is . Getting enough sleep is also crucial for fitness .
We should eat more vegetables instead of junk food to stay energetic . And fruits ! Surely it is . Getting enough sleep is also crucial for fitness . I've heard that . Does your trainer tell you anything about keeping fit ?
And fruits ! Surely it is . Getting enough sleep is also crucial for fitness . I've heard that . Does your trainer tell you anything about keeping fit ? Yeah , he advises me to stay in a good mood . That can also help one to keep sound physical health .
Surely it is . Getting enough sleep is also crucial for fitness . I've heard that . Does your trainer tell you anything about keeping fit ? Yeah , he advises me to stay in a good mood . That can also help one to keep sound physical health . I think if you follow your trainer's advice , you'll be on the right track .
Excuse me , I have something to trouble you . Yes ? I'll be very glad if I could be of any help to you . An hour ago , I bought this vase with my tourist . Oh , yes . I remember it clearly . Is there anything wrong with it ?
Yes ? I'll be very glad if I could be of any help to you . An hour ago , I bought this vase with my tourist . Oh , yes . I remember it clearly . Is there anything wrong with it ? I'm afraid so . We found this crack on the bottom when I went back to my hotel .
An hour ago , I bought this vase with my tourist . Oh , yes . I remember it clearly . Is there anything wrong with it ? I'm afraid so . We found this crack on the bottom when I went back to my hotel . Oh , how awful ! Let me have a look , I'm terribly sorry . It was most thoughtless of me . Would you excuse me , please ?
Oh , yes . I remember it clearly . Is there anything wrong with it ? I'm afraid so . We found this crack on the bottom when I went back to my hotel . Oh , how awful ! Let me have a look , I'm terribly sorry . It was most thoughtless of me . Would you excuse me , please ? Oh , It's quite all right , I suppose . It can't be helped sometimes .
I'm afraid so . We found this crack on the bottom when I went back to my hotel . Oh , how awful ! Let me have a look , I'm terribly sorry . It was most thoughtless of me . Would you excuse me , please ? Oh , It's quite all right , I suppose . It can't be helped sometimes . It's very kind of you to say so . How about changing another one for you ?
Oh , how awful ! Let me have a look , I'm terribly sorry . It was most thoughtless of me . Would you excuse me , please ? Oh , It's quite all right , I suppose . It can't be helped sometimes . It's very kind of you to say so . How about changing another one for you ? All right . Thank you .
Oh , It's quite all right , I suppose . It can't be helped sometimes . It's very kind of you to say so . How about changing another one for you ? All right . Thank you . Just a minute , please . I won't be long . I'm sure this one is perfect . You may examine it carefully .
It's very kind of you to say so . How about changing another one for you ? All right . Thank you . Just a minute , please . I won't be long . I'm sure this one is perfect . You may examine it carefully . Oh , yes , it is . I'll take this one .
All right . Thank you . Just a minute , please . I won't be long . I'm sure this one is perfect . You may examine it carefully . Oh , yes , it is . I'll take this one . I'm very sorry for any inconvenience I've caused you .
Hi Jim . Do you have a minute ? Sure , what ' s up ? Some of us are going to start a soccer team . Would you like to join us ? I don ' t know anything about it . Soccer isn ' t as popular in my country as it is here .
Sure , what ' s up ? Some of us are going to start a soccer team . Would you like to join us ? I don ' t know anything about it . Soccer isn ' t as popular in my country as it is here . That ' s all right . We ' ll teach you .
Some of us are going to start a soccer team . Would you like to join us ? I don ' t know anything about it . Soccer isn ' t as popular in my country as it is here . That ' s all right . We ' ll teach you . Is it anything like American football ?
I don ' t know anything about it . Soccer isn ' t as popular in my country as it is here . That ' s all right . We ' ll teach you . Is it anything like American football ? Not very much . It ' s something like hockey , except that you use a big ball and no stick .
That ' s all right . We ' ll teach you . Is it anything like American football ? Not very much . It ' s something like hockey , except that you use a big ball and no stick . I ' ll come down and watch you play some day , and see what it ' s like .
How do you celebrate national day in your country ? There are parades in many cities and people fly the national flags from almost every public building . What kinds of parades are there ? The parades are usually military ones , but sometimes there are procession of people carrying flags and singing patriotic songs . What do you do on national day in your country ?
There are parades in many cities and people fly the national flags from almost every public building . What kinds of parades are there ? The parades are usually military ones , but sometimes there are procession of people carrying flags and singing patriotic songs . What do you do on national day in your country ? We don ' t have a national day .
What kinds of parades are there ? The parades are usually military ones , but sometimes there are procession of people carrying flags and singing patriotic songs . What do you do on national day in your country ? We don ' t have a national day . Really ? That ' s unusual .
The parades are usually military ones , but sometimes there are procession of people carrying flags and singing patriotic songs . What do you do on national day in your country ? We don ' t have a national day . Really ? That ' s unusual . I guess it is . Most countries have on , but we don ' t .
Hello . Hi . It ' s Tony calling from the dentist ' s office . Is Lily there ? No , Lily is not here at the moment . Could you ask her to call me back when she gets in ?
Hi . It ' s Tony calling from the dentist ' s office . Is Lily there ? No , Lily is not here at the moment . Could you ask her to call me back when she gets in ? Sure . What ' s your number , please .
No , Lily is not here at the moment . Could you ask her to call me back when she gets in ? Sure . What ' s your number , please . 519 367 8901 .
Could you ask her to call me back when she gets in ? Sure . What ' s your number , please . 519 367 8901 . Thanks . And your name is Tony , right ?
Sure . What ' s your number , please . 519 367 8901 . Thanks . And your name is Tony , right ? Yes . I ' m Tony . Thank you very much .
519 367 8901 . Thanks . And your name is Tony , right ? Yes . I ' m Tony . Thank you very much . You ' re welcome . Bye .
Have you declared your income and are you prepared to pay tax ? Not yet . I don't know how to fill out the form . What is the tax-free allowance for supporting a dependent ? I don't really know . Why not ask the accountant or the lawyer of the law firm ? They will tell you which is subject or not subject to taxation . He can even help you avoid paying tax legally . If I don't pay my taxes , would the tax officials discover it ?
Hello ? Hey Tina . What are you doing ? I was just watching TV . What's going on with you ? I just watched a movie and I'm scared .
Hey Tina . What are you doing ? I was just watching TV . What's going on with you ? I just watched a movie and I'm scared . What did you watch ?
I was just watching TV . What's going on with you ? I just watched a movie and I'm scared . What did you watch ? I saw the Sixth Sense . I didn't know it was going to be so scary .
I just watched a movie and I'm scared . What did you watch ? I saw the Sixth Sense . I didn't know it was going to be so scary . I remember that . It was a great movie . But it was definitely scary .
What did you watch ? I saw the Sixth Sense . I didn't know it was going to be so scary . I remember that . It was a great movie . But it was definitely scary . If you're not busy , do you want to come over ? I'm afraid to be alone .
I saw the Sixth Sense . I didn't know it was going to be so scary . I remember that . It was a great movie . But it was definitely scary . If you're not busy , do you want to come over ? I'm afraid to be alone . Sure . I can come over . What should we do ?
I remember that . It was a great movie . But it was definitely scary . If you're not busy , do you want to come over ? I'm afraid to be alone . Sure . I can come over . What should we do ? How about if we watch a comedy . I need something to get my mind off the frightening images I have from the Sixth Sense .
If you're not busy , do you want to come over ? I'm afraid to be alone . Sure . I can come over . What should we do ? How about if we watch a comedy . I need something to get my mind off the frightening images I have from the Sixth Sense . Ok . I'll get ready and leave . I'll see you in about 20 minutes .
Sure . I can come over . What should we do ? How about if we watch a comedy . I need something to get my mind off the frightening images I have from the Sixth Sense . Ok . I'll get ready and leave . I'll see you in about 20 minutes . Hurry , ok . It's dark out .
How about if we watch a comedy . I need something to get my mind off the frightening images I have from the Sixth Sense . Ok . I'll get ready and leave . I'll see you in about 20 minutes . Hurry , ok . It's dark out . Don't worry , nothings going to happen . I'll be there real soon .
I need something to wash this down . Is there any juice in the fridge ? What is that ? It looks like something from a swamp ! It's a green drink . It's supposed to be full of vitamins and minerals . You know , healthy eating doesn't have to make you gag .
What is that ? It looks like something from a swamp ! It's a green drink . It's supposed to be full of vitamins and minerals . You know , healthy eating doesn't have to make you gag . The sales lady said that even if I eat right , I wouldn't get enough vitamins .
It's a green drink . It's supposed to be full of vitamins and minerals . You know , healthy eating doesn't have to make you gag . The sales lady said that even if I eat right , I wouldn't get enough vitamins . Have you ever tried it ? Or are you just going to believe the sales lady ?
You know , healthy eating doesn't have to make you gag . The sales lady said that even if I eat right , I wouldn't get enough vitamins . Have you ever tried it ? Or are you just going to believe the sales lady ? It's easier to drink this once a day than eat fruit and vegetables all day .
It's your turn now , Helen . OK . I'm coming . This is your song . I picked it for you . Thank you . You are so considerate .
OK . I'm coming . This is your song . I picked it for you . Thank you . You are so considerate . Push the red button on the mike to turn it on .
This is your song . I picked it for you . Thank you . You are so considerate . Push the red button on the mike to turn it on . OK . This key is too high for me .
Thank you . You are so considerate . Push the red button on the mike to turn it on . OK . This key is too high for me . I think it's a piece of cake for you .
Push the red button on the mike to turn it on . OK . This key is too high for me . I think it's a piece of cake for you . OK . Let me have a try ...
OK . This key is too high for me . I think it's a piece of cake for you . OK . Let me have a try ... Well done ! I hope I can sing as well as you one day .
I think it's a piece of cake for you . OK . Let me have a try ... Well done ! I hope I can sing as well as you one day . Thank you . I'm sure you will .
Hello sir , how may I help you ? I would like to buy some flowers , please . Something really nice . I see , may I ask what the occasion is ? It ' s not really an occasion , it ' s more like I ' m sorry .
I would like to buy some flowers , please . Something really nice . I see , may I ask what the occasion is ? It ' s not really an occasion , it ' s more like I ' m sorry . Very well . This arrangement here is very popular among regretful husbands and boyfriends . It has a dozen long stem red roses with a couple of sunflowers and a single orchid that stands out . It includes a small teddy bear to achieve the effect of immediate forgiveness .
I see , may I ask what the occasion is ? It ' s not really an occasion , it ' s more like I ' m sorry . Very well . This arrangement here is very popular among regretful husbands and boyfriends . It has a dozen long stem red roses with a couple of sunflowers and a single orchid that stands out . It includes a small teddy bear to achieve the effect of immediate forgiveness . I think I ' m gonna need more than just a dozen red roses and a bear . What else do you recommend ?
It ' s not really an occasion , it ' s more like I ' m sorry . Very well . This arrangement here is very popular among regretful husbands and boyfriends . It has a dozen long stem red roses with a couple of sunflowers and a single orchid that stands out . It includes a small teddy bear to achieve the effect of immediate forgiveness . I think I ' m gonna need more than just a dozen red roses and a bear . What else do you recommend ? Mmm , well this is our I ' m sorry I cheated on you package . Two dozen red roses lined with tulips , carnations and lilies . The fragrance and beauty of this flower arrangement is sure to make her forgive you .
Very well . This arrangement here is very popular among regretful husbands and boyfriends . It has a dozen long stem red roses with a couple of sunflowers and a single orchid that stands out . It includes a small teddy bear to achieve the effect of immediate forgiveness . I think I ' m gonna need more than just a dozen red roses and a bear . What else do you recommend ? Mmm , well this is our I ' m sorry I cheated on you package . Two dozen red roses lined with tulips , carnations and lilies . The fragrance and beauty of this flower arrangement is sure to make her forgive you . I don ' t think that ' s gonna cut it . I need something bigger and better !
I think I ' m gonna need more than just a dozen red roses and a bear . What else do you recommend ? Mmm , well this is our I ' m sorry I cheated on you package . Two dozen red roses lined with tulips , carnations and lilies . The fragrance and beauty of this flower arrangement is sure to make her forgive you . I don ' t think that ' s gonna cut it . I need something bigger and better ! I ' m sorry sir but , what exactly did you do ?
Mmm , well this is our I ' m sorry I cheated on you package . Two dozen red roses lined with tulips , carnations and lilies . The fragrance and beauty of this flower arrangement is sure to make her forgive you . I don ' t think that ' s gonna cut it . I need something bigger and better ! I ' m sorry sir but , what exactly did you do ? Well , I may have accidentally insinuated that she is getting chubbier .
Mum , can I finish my homework later ? Sorry . You know the rules . But I want to watch TV now . That ' s out of the question .
Sorry . You know the rules . But I want to watch TV now . That ' s out of the question . Please .
But I want to watch TV now . That ' s out of the question . Please . Not a chance .
That ' s out of the question . Please . Not a chance . Not even for an hour ?
Excuse me sir . May I come in ? Mike , you're late again . I'm sorry , but my sister was ill , so I Do you think I believe the story like that ?
Mike , you're late again . I'm sorry , but my sister was ill , so I Do you think I believe the story like that ? But it's true .
I'm sorry , but my sister was ill , so I Do you think I believe the story like that ? But it's true . How can believe it if the same excuse was used twice within a week ?
Do you think I believe the story like that ? But it's true . How can believe it if the same excuse was used twice within a week ? That's coincident .
But it's true . How can believe it if the same excuse was used twice within a week ? That's coincident . Ok , hold it . Remember to be punctual next time .
How can believe it if the same excuse was used twice within a week ? That's coincident . Ok , hold it . Remember to be punctual next time . I promise I will .
Where do you want to go ? I'm going to the hospital . Get in . I'll take you . About how much will it cost ?
I'm going to the hospital . Get in . I'll take you . About how much will it cost ? It will cost you $ 10 .
Get in . I'll take you . About how much will it cost ? It will cost you $ 10 . By the way , what's the time ?
About how much will it cost ? It will cost you $ 10 . By the way , what's the time ? You can see the time on the meter . I have radio time , you know .
It will cost you $ 10 . By the way , what's the time ? You can see the time on the meter . I have radio time , you know . It's a quarter to 12 . Could you please drive a little faster ?
I've come to hear about your offer . We have the offer ready for you . Let me check . 10 boxes with 50 brooches per box , at 20,000 yuan ; 20 boxes with 50 waistbands per box , at 30,000 yuan ; 15 boxes with other ornaments per box , at 7 , 500 yuan , for shipment in June . The offer is valid for five days . I can tell you right now that your prices are a little higher than we expected . You know that the prices of the ornaments have been rising in recent years . The prices we offer this time compare favorably with quotations you can get else where .
We have the offer ready for you . Let me check . 10 boxes with 50 brooches per box , at 20,000 yuan ; 20 boxes with 50 waistbands per box , at 30,000 yuan ; 15 boxes with other ornaments per box , at 7 , 500 yuan , for shipment in June . The offer is valid for five days . I can tell you right now that your prices are a little higher than we expected . You know that the prices of the ornaments have been rising in recent years . The prices we offer this time compare favorably with quotations you can get else where . I am afraid I can't agree with you there . I must point out your prices are higher than the quotations we've received from other companies .
I can tell you right now that your prices are a little higher than we expected . You know that the prices of the ornaments have been rising in recent years . The prices we offer this time compare favorably with quotations you can get else where . I am afraid I can't agree with you there . I must point out your prices are higher than the quotations we've received from other companies . But you must take the design and quality into consideration . You know we are superior to others in design and quality . We have various styles , which the other companies cannot catch up with .
You know that the prices of the ornaments have been rising in recent years . The prices we offer this time compare favorably with quotations you can get else where . I am afraid I can't agree with you there . I must point out your prices are higher than the quotations we've received from other companies . But you must take the design and quality into consideration . You know we are superior to others in design and quality . We have various styles , which the other companies cannot catch up with . I agree that yours are of the top .
I am afraid I can't agree with you there . I must point out your prices are higher than the quotations we've received from other companies . But you must take the design and quality into consideration . You know we are superior to others in design and quality . We have various styles , which the other companies cannot catch up with . I agree that yours are of the top . Well , since your order is large enough , can you give me a rough idea ?
But you must take the design and quality into consideration . You know we are superior to others in design and quality . We have various styles , which the other companies cannot catch up with . I agree that yours are of the top . Well , since your order is large enough , can you give me a rough idea ? To have this business concluded , I should say a reduction of least 10 % would help .
I agree that yours are of the top . Well , since your order is large enough , can you give me a rough idea ? To have this business concluded , I should say a reduction of least 10 % would help . Impossible . How about 5 % off ?
I have a terrible toothache . Which tooth is it ? This one here . Ar , Yes . There ' s a big cavity .
Which tooth is it ? This one here . Ar , Yes . There ' s a big cavity . Can you fill it ?
This one here . Ar , Yes . There ' s a big cavity . Can you fill it ? I ' m afraid not . The tooth is too far gone . it'll have to be taken out .
Ar , Yes . There ' s a big cavity . Can you fill it ? I ' m afraid not . The tooth is too far gone . it'll have to be taken out . Then I might as well have it done now .
we really were lucky . We got the last available table for two---and we didn't even have a reservation ! Did you see the long lines behind us ? yeah , I'm glad that we didn't have to wait long . I'm starving ! let's take a look at the menu so we can order . Do you want to choose an appetizer for us to share ? what would you rather have , samosas or poppadoms ?
yeah , I'm glad that we didn't have to wait long . I'm starving ! let's take a look at the menu so we can order . Do you want to choose an appetizer for us to share ? what would you rather have , samosas or poppadoms ? I heard that one of their specialities is the samosa .
let's take a look at the menu so we can order . Do you want to choose an appetizer for us to share ? what would you rather have , samosas or poppadoms ? I heard that one of their specialities is the samosa . well , let's get a plate of those then .
what would you rather have , samosas or poppadoms ? I heard that one of their specialities is the samosa . well , let's get a plate of those then . sounds good . What are you going to have for your main course ?
I heard that one of their specialities is the samosa . well , let's get a plate of those then . sounds good . What are you going to have for your main course ? I think I might have a dahl .
well , let's get a plate of those then . sounds good . What are you going to have for your main course ? I think I might have a dahl . what's in a dahl ?
sounds good . What are you going to have for your main course ? I think I might have a dahl . what's in a dahl ? it's got chickpeas and vegetables in a spicy curry sauce with rice .
I think I might have a dahl . what's in a dahl ? it's got chickpeas and vegetables in a spicy curry sauce with rice . that sounds nice . Do you want to share some kebabs as well ?
what's in a dahl ? it's got chickpeas and vegetables in a spicy curry sauce with rice . that sounds nice . Do you want to share some kebabs as well ? ok . How about some lamb kebabs ?
it's got chickpeas and vegetables in a spicy curry sauce with rice . that sounds nice . Do you want to share some kebabs as well ? ok . How about some lamb kebabs ? that's my favourite . Do you want to have some wine or beer ?
that sounds nice . Do you want to share some kebabs as well ? ok . How about some lamb kebabs ? that's my favourite . Do you want to have some wine or beer ? I think I'll have a beer .
ok . How about some lamb kebabs ? that's my favourite . Do you want to have some wine or beer ? I think I'll have a beer . ok , shall I flag down the waitress ?
that's my favourite . Do you want to have some wine or beer ? I think I'll have a beer . ok , shall I flag down the waitress ? I wouldn't recommend it . I think we should wait until she comes round .
I think I'll have a beer . ok , shall I flag down the waitress ? I wouldn't recommend it . I think we should wait until she comes round . you're right . That might seem a bit rude . It's a good thing I've got you with me !
May I help you ? Yes . Do you exchange foreign money here ? Yes . Our bank is authorized to deal with foreign exchange . What kinds of currency do you change ?
Yes . Do you exchange foreign money here ? Yes . Our bank is authorized to deal with foreign exchange . What kinds of currency do you change ? We can change only three kinds of currency , USD , Japanese Yen and HK Dollar in our savings office .
Yes . Our bank is authorized to deal with foreign exchange . What kinds of currency do you change ? We can change only three kinds of currency , USD , Japanese Yen and HK Dollar in our savings office . Could you tell me what the exchange rate for USD is today ?
What kinds of currency do you change ? We can change only three kinds of currency , USD , Japanese Yen and HK Dollar in our savings office . Could you tell me what the exchange rate for USD is today ? The buying rate is 826 . 44 yuan for 100 dollars .
We can change only three kinds of currency , USD , Japanese Yen and HK Dollar in our savings office . Could you tell me what the exchange rate for USD is today ? The buying rate is 826 . 44 yuan for 100 dollars . I want to change some Us dollars to cover my expense here .
Could you tell me what the exchange rate for USD is today ? The buying rate is 826 . 44 yuan for 100 dollars . I want to change some Us dollars to cover my expense here . Please go to Counter No . 2 , the foreign exchange counter . It's over there .
Like a cat on hot bricks , as you might say . I don ' t believe you are listening at all . Sorry , I just worried about him . You know , he should be here an hour ago . Don ' t worry him , he has been grown up and I think he can take himself very well . But he still does not come back .
Happy birthday , Jim ! Thank you , Lisa . Here is a present for you . I hope you like it . Oh , great ! I love it ! You know I've been expecting this for a long time .
Thank you , Lisa . Here is a present for you . I hope you like it . Oh , great ! I love it ! You know I've been expecting this for a long time . I'm very glad to hear that .
Oh , it's getting late . I've got to run . It was nice talking to you , karren . Thanks , Tim . Nice meeting you , too . I guess we'll see just around . Ye , I hope so . well . Take it easy .
Where to , ma'am ? The Grand Hotel . The Grand Hotel ? Yes . Do you know where it is ?
The Grand Hotel . The Grand Hotel ? Yes . Do you know where it is ? No , Madam . I don't think I do .
The Grand Hotel ? Yes . Do you know where it is ? No , Madam . I don't think I do . It's the 11th Avenue , Park Street .
I'd like to withdraw some money from my account . Can I see your passbook and the withdrawal slip , please ? Sure . Let me just make sure . You want to withdraw one thousand dollars ?
I wish the politicians would quit digging up dirt about each other's past . I know . It really makes a mess of the whole election process . And it takes up all the news . The problem is that there always a large number of people who eat that kind of stuff up .
I know . It really makes a mess of the whole election process . And it takes up all the news . The problem is that there always a large number of people who eat that kind of stuff up . It's so small . The fact that there is public interest , doesn't say much for us as the public .
And it takes up all the news . The problem is that there always a large number of people who eat that kind of stuff up . It's so small . The fact that there is public interest , doesn't say much for us as the public . Have you ever listened to AM radio ? It's quite a different experience than the traditional news stations on TV and FM radio .
The problem is that there always a large number of people who eat that kind of stuff up . It's so small . The fact that there is public interest , doesn't say much for us as the public . Have you ever listened to AM radio ? It's quite a different experience than the traditional news stations on TV and FM radio . I don't remember the last time I listened to AM radio .
Come to think of it , you should get out your English books and catch up on your reading assignments . But I don't have any reading assignments . Then review for your test . You'll do even better . And maybe reading will help you get to sleep . Aw , Mom-you're such a drag .
What seems to the trouble Mr Brown ? I ' m in pretty bad shape , Doctor Ford . Oh , In what way . No appetite , always unaged and I can ' t sleep well .
I ' m in pretty bad shape , Doctor Ford . Oh , In what way . No appetite , always unaged and I can ' t sleep well . Did you lose any weight ?
Oh , In what way . No appetite , always unaged and I can ' t sleep well . Did you lose any weight ? YES . I ' Ve lost quite a few pounds since last month .
No appetite , always unaged and I can ' t sleep well . Did you lose any weight ? YES . I ' Ve lost quite a few pounds since last month . when was the last time you have track up ?
Did you lose any weight ? YES . I ' Ve lost quite a few pounds since last month . when was the last time you have track up ? About two month ago .
YES . I ' Ve lost quite a few pounds since last month . when was the last time you have track up ? About two month ago . Let me take your blood pressure . You look anilic . Well , Mr . Brown . I ' m happy to say it ' s nothing serious . You just a little run down from overwork .
when was the last time you have track up ? About two month ago . Let me take your blood pressure . You look anilic . Well , Mr . Brown . I ' m happy to say it ' s nothing serious . You just a little run down from overwork . What am I suppose to do ?
About two month ago . Let me take your blood pressure . You look anilic . Well , Mr . Brown . I ' m happy to say it ' s nothing serious . You just a little run down from overwork . What am I suppose to do ? I think you ' ll needs just vacation . Try to get out doors more . I ' ll be sure if you get more rest .
The restaurant across the street hired a new Chinese chef , so I ordered some Chinese food there for this evening . Good . I love Chinese food . What did you order ? Something hot and spicy . They look very inviting on the menu . You are going to love them . Maybe we can find a place to learn some Chinese cooking . I hear there's a place in Chinatown where you can take some courses . Are you interested ?
Good . I love Chinese food . What did you order ? Something hot and spicy . They look very inviting on the menu . You are going to love them . Maybe we can find a place to learn some Chinese cooking . I hear there's a place in Chinatown where you can take some courses . Are you interested ? I'm not sure . I don't enjoy cooking that much . As long as we can order it from a restaurant , we don't have to learn to do it by ourselves .
I'm a little rushed . Is there any quicker way to get there ? Yeah , of course . You can take a taxi . How much will that run me ? It depends on traffic and distance , but it is reasonable .
Yeah , of course . You can take a taxi . How much will that run me ? It depends on traffic and distance , but it is reasonable . Do the drivers speak English ?
How much will that run me ? It depends on traffic and distance , but it is reasonable . Do the drivers speak English ? Some are better than others . But , you shouldn't have a problem .
It depends on traffic and distance , but it is reasonable . Do the drivers speak English ? Some are better than others . But , you shouldn't have a problem . Are they safe ?
How can we develop a new brand image with no direction whatsoever ? With the fifty forwards he sent out today , maybe we'll inadvertently get inspired . I guess this is a good excuse to surf the Net on someone else's dime . Who'd have thought Bean would be this kind of e-mail fanatic ?
Look at this newspaper article about this famous local medium . It says that she is really gifted and so popular now , that she is booked solid with appointments for the next twelve months ! You don't really believe in all that hocus pocus mumbo jumbo , do you ? Well , I have had many friends that went to a psychic and got their palms read and most of the things the psychic told her came true ! Of course it does ! They tell you general and obvious things like that you will be successful or have a big house . I think most of the times they are just scam artists .
You don't really believe in all that hocus pocus mumbo jumbo , do you ? Well , I have had many friends that went to a psychic and got their palms read and most of the things the psychic told her came true ! Of course it does ! They tell you general and obvious things like that you will be successful or have a big house . I think most of the times they are just scam artists . Well , historically it is a practice that many cultures share . Reading the tarot cards , in the east they would even read tea leaves ! I even heard that there are people that make you smoke a cigar , and then read your ashes .
Are you ready to go shopping ? Not yet . I'm not finished with my research yet . What research ? Reading my fashion magazines ! How do you think I know so much about all the latest trends ?
Not yet . I'm not finished with my research yet . What research ? Reading my fashion magazines ! How do you think I know so much about all the latest trends ? But they're just ads .
Could you please wait for a minute ? I'll buy the tickets All right . Here is your ticket . Thank you .
All right . Here is your ticket . Thank you . The park will close soon . We Should better go in right now .
Here is your ticket . Thank you . The park will close soon . We Should better go in right now . Really ?
Thank you . The park will close soon . We Should better go in right now . Really ? Yes , let's go in .
The park will close soon . We Should better go in right now . Really ? Yes , let's go in . It is a new park , isn't it ?
Really ? Yes , let's go in . It is a new park , isn't it ? Yes , how do you know ?
Yes , let's go in . It is a new park , isn't it ? Yes , how do you know ? I guessed it .
It is a new park , isn't it ? Yes , how do you know ? I guessed it . Well , generally speaking , the park is a window on the world history , a window on the world civilization and a window on the world's tourist attractions as well .
Hi there , I want to reserve a hotel room . No problem at all . Could I have your full name , please ? Sure , John Sandals . Hi , Mr . Sandals . I'm Michelle , at your service . When do you need the room ?
No problem at all . Could I have your full name , please ? Sure , John Sandals . Hi , Mr . Sandals . I'm Michelle , at your service . When do you need the room ? My plans are to be there April 14th to the 17th .
Sure , John Sandals . Hi , Mr . Sandals . I'm Michelle , at your service . When do you need the room ? My plans are to be there April 14th to the 17th . We have new room rates , sir . Will that be acceptable to you ?
Hi , Mr . Sandals . I'm Michelle , at your service . When do you need the room ? My plans are to be there April 14th to the 17th . We have new room rates , sir . Will that be acceptable to you ? Well , it depends on the price , of course . What is it ?
My plans are to be there April 14th to the 17th . We have new room rates , sir . Will that be acceptable to you ? Well , it depends on the price , of course . What is it ? It's $ 308 a night .
We have new room rates , sir . Will that be acceptable to you ? Well , it depends on the price , of course . What is it ? It's $ 308 a night . I have no problem with that .
Well , it depends on the price , of course . What is it ? It's $ 308 a night . I have no problem with that . Great ! Would you prefer smoking or nonsmoking ?
It's $ 308 a night . I have no problem with that . Great ! Would you prefer smoking or nonsmoking ? Definitely nonsmoking . I can't handle that smell .
I have no problem with that . Great ! Would you prefer smoking or nonsmoking ? Definitely nonsmoking . I can't handle that smell . Nonsmoking . Now , is a queen-size bed okay ?
Great ! Would you prefer smoking or nonsmoking ? Definitely nonsmoking . I can't handle that smell . Nonsmoking . Now , is a queen-size bed okay ? No problem .
Definitely nonsmoking . I can't handle that smell . Nonsmoking . Now , is a queen-size bed okay ? No problem . Great , Mr . Sandals . Your reservation is confirmed . Now all I need is your phone number .
Nonsmoking . Now , is a queen-size bed okay ? No problem . Great , Mr . Sandals . Your reservation is confirmed . Now all I need is your phone number . Of course ! It's area code 626-555-1739 .
Did you watch the final last night ? My favorite singer won ! Oh , I love him too . He not only sings well but also shows perseverance when he encounters difficulties in the contest . Yeah , he got booted after his initial performance in the audition , but he did not give up . He then tried at another two auditions . He had barely survived the third audition and finally got a chance to advance in the contest . Fortunately , in the third audition , he has won popularity among the audience . And that's when I started to notice him .
Oh , I love him too . He not only sings well but also shows perseverance when he encounters difficulties in the contest . Yeah , he got booted after his initial performance in the audition , but he did not give up . He then tried at another two auditions . He had barely survived the third audition and finally got a chance to advance in the contest . Fortunately , in the third audition , he has won popularity among the audience . And that's when I started to notice him . Me too .
Yeah , he got booted after his initial performance in the audition , but he did not give up . He then tried at another two auditions . He had barely survived the third audition and finally got a chance to advance in the contest . Fortunately , in the third audition , he has won popularity among the audience . And that's when I started to notice him . Me too . Before he made the top three , I was so nervous . I just fear that he might be knocked out .
He had barely survived the third audition and finally got a chance to advance in the contest . Fortunately , in the third audition , he has won popularity among the audience . And that's when I started to notice him . Me too . Before he made the top three , I was so nervous . I just fear that he might be knocked out . Yeah , there're so many excellent candidates out there . Who knows which one will make it to the final ?
Me too . Before he made the top three , I was so nervous . I just fear that he might be knocked out . Yeah , there're so many excellent candidates out there . Who knows which one will make it to the final ? Absolutely . That's why when he entered the final , I was so excited .
Before he made the top three , I was so nervous . I just fear that he might be knocked out . Yeah , there're so many excellent candidates out there . Who knows which one will make it to the final ? Absolutely . That's why when he entered the final , I was so excited . He really did a great job in the finale , especially in the PK round . He performed so well that the majority of the audience cast their votes for him .
Would you like to take a look at the menu , sir ? Yes . Thank you . Would you care for a drink before you order ? A glass of Qingdao beer .
Yes . Thank you . Would you care for a drink before you order ? A glass of Qingdao beer . Yes , sir . I'll bring it over . Have you decided what you'd like , sir ?
Good morning . Are you Mr . Liu ? My name is Liu Lichi . How do you do ? How do you do ? Please be seated , How is your trip here ? Quite good , I think . I came here by bus , and it took me about 15 minutes .
My name is Liu Lichi . How do you do ? How do you do ? Please be seated , How is your trip here ? Quite good , I think . I came here by bus , and it took me about 15 minutes . Oh , yes . How old are you ?
How do you do ? Please be seated , How is your trip here ? Quite good , I think . I came here by bus , and it took me about 15 minutes . Oh , yes . How old are you ? Twenty .
Quite good , I think . I came here by bus , and it took me about 15 minutes . Oh , yes . How old are you ? Twenty . Hum , still a student ?
Oh , yes . How old are you ? Twenty . Hum , still a student ? Yes , I'm student of grade 3 in the university majoring in economics .
Twenty . Hum , still a student ? Yes , I'm student of grade 3 in the university majoring in economics . What subjects are you studying ?
Hum , still a student ? Yes , I'm student of grade 3 in the university majoring in economics . What subjects are you studying ? English , math , commercial and legal studies , and accountancy .
Yes , I'm student of grade 3 in the university majoring in economics . What subjects are you studying ? English , math , commercial and legal studies , and accountancy . Have you had any working experience .
What subjects are you studying ? English , math , commercial and legal studies , and accountancy . Have you had any working experience . Well , I worked at a supermarket during last summer holidays .
English , math , commercial and legal studies , and accountancy . Have you had any working experience . Well , I worked at a supermarket during last summer holidays . What do you like to do in your spare time ?
Have you had any working experience . Well , I worked at a supermarket during last summer holidays . What do you like to do in your spare time ? I like sports very much . Besides that , I also like working on a computer in my spare time .
Well , I worked at a supermarket during last summer holidays . What do you like to do in your spare time ? I like sports very much . Besides that , I also like working on a computer in my spare time . How are your English and computer skills ?
What do you like to do in your spare time ? I like sports very much . Besides that , I also like working on a computer in my spare time . How are your English and computer skills ? I have passed the CET - 4 and 6 . As far as computer is concerned I can use the computer for word processing .
This looks like a very nice house . You know , I fell in love with this house the first moment I laid eyes on it . The style of the exterior is just what I ' Ve been looking for ! The exterior is only half of the story . The interior is incredible .
You know , I fell in love with this house the first moment I laid eyes on it . The style of the exterior is just what I ' Ve been looking for ! The exterior is only half of the story . The interior is incredible . This home is gorgeous on the inside !
The style of the exterior is just what I ' Ve been looking for ! The exterior is only half of the story . The interior is incredible . This home is gorgeous on the inside ! Everything that you see on the walls , floors , and windows is brand new .
The exterior is only half of the story . The interior is incredible . This home is gorgeous on the inside ! Everything that you see on the walls , floors , and windows is brand new . The wall colors totally suit the style of this house .
This home is gorgeous on the inside ! Everything that you see on the walls , floors , and windows is brand new . The wall colors totally suit the style of this house . Straight ahead is the gourmet kitchen .
Everything that you see on the walls , floors , and windows is brand new . The wall colors totally suit the style of this house . Straight ahead is the gourmet kitchen . I love the bamboo flooring and granite countertops .
The wall colors totally suit the style of this house . Straight ahead is the gourmet kitchen . I love the bamboo flooring and granite countertops . The master suite is the best . Let ' s go look at that next .
Straight ahead is the gourmet kitchen . I love the bamboo flooring and granite countertops . The master suite is the best . Let ' s go look at that next . There is plenty of room for our king-sized bed , and I love the light in this room .
Leo ! I wanted to tell you thanks for all your hard work on the budget . We ' re having a get-together after work tonight at Carl ' s Karaoke Club to celebrate having finished it . We ' d love to see What fun ! Normally I ' d love to , but I ' m afraid I have to work late tonight . We ' Ve got to get the contract ready for Miss King . Oh , right . You ' re busy with that contract . Maybe you could join us later ? Unfortunately , I just can ' t make it this time . I have to go straight home . It ' s my second wedding anniversary , and we ' re supposed to be having a big dinner Susan would kill me if I missed it .
What fun ! Normally I ' d love to , but I ' m afraid I have to work late tonight . We ' Ve got to get the contract ready for Miss King . Oh , right . You ' re busy with that contract . Maybe you could join us later ? Unfortunately , I just can ' t make it this time . I have to go straight home . It ' s my second wedding anniversary , and we ' re supposed to be having a big dinner Susan would kill me if I missed it . Happy anniversary ! Sorry you won ' t be there . Maybe some other time ?
Tom , is Jenny crying ? Can you take he away from me ? I ' m just coming for that . She kept bothering me .
Can you take he away from me ? I ' m just coming for that . She kept bothering me . She ' s your sister . What she asked was only duck soup for you . Why can ' t you be good to her ?
Welcome to the company . We are conducting a survey of new employees to find out what influenced them to choose our company . That's easy . It was your office ergonomics that decided me . You're kidding ! Something as simple as that ? Yes . It is very important to me . My mother worked in offices for twenty years , and she finally had carpal tunnel syndrome . I have been reading about repetitive stress injuries , and I know that t
That's easy . It was your office ergonomics that decided me . You're kidding ! Something as simple as that ? Yes . It is very important to me . My mother worked in offices for twenty years , and she finally had carpal tunnel syndrome . I have been reading about repetitive stress injuries , and I know that t Yes , there has been a lot of research into RSI's . Something so simple as proper chair height can prevent injuries . Tell me , did anything else influence your decision ?
You're kidding ! Something as simple as that ? Yes . It is very important to me . My mother worked in offices for twenty years , and she finally had carpal tunnel syndrome . I have been reading about repetitive stress injuries , and I know that t Yes , there has been a lot of research into RSI's . Something so simple as proper chair height can prevent injuries . Tell me , did anything else influence your decision ? Yes , I noticed that you have professional training and team-building days . I like the idea of working for a company that invests in its staff .
Whew ! I had to wait for almost an hour to get to the front of the line . You have much patience . Wow ! Your calligraphy is very beautiful . It was worth the wait ! Thank you . Today I'm writing a kind of poem called a Chinese couplet .
You have much patience . Wow ! Your calligraphy is very beautiful . It was worth the wait ! Thank you . Today I'm writing a kind of poem called a Chinese couplet . What does it say ?
Wow ! Your calligraphy is very beautiful . It was worth the wait ! Thank you . Today I'm writing a kind of poem called a Chinese couplet . What does it say ? This is an especially famous one . It says " May the passing days bring you health and longevity . May this season of renewal find you basked in riches . "
Thank you . Today I'm writing a kind of poem called a Chinese couplet . What does it say ? This is an especially famous one . It says " May the passing days bring you health and longevity . May this season of renewal find you basked in riches . " That's very nice . Is it for sale ?
What does it say ? This is an especially famous one . It says " May the passing days bring you health and longevity . May this season of renewal find you basked in riches . " That's very nice . Is it for sale ? No . I never sell my artwork .
This is an especially famous one . It says " May the passing days bring you health and longevity . May this season of renewal find you basked in riches . " That's very nice . Is it for sale ? No . I never sell my artwork . Really ? Then what do you do with it ?
That's very nice . Is it for sale ? No . I never sell my artwork . Really ? Then what do you do with it ? I give it away . Here , this one is for you .
No . I never sell my artwork . Really ? Then what do you do with it ? I give it away . Here , this one is for you . Wow ! Really ? Are you sure ? Now I'll have a lucky year !
How many pieces of luggage would you like to check in , sir ? Three bags and a suitcase . This is my luggage to check . Do you have any carry-on luggage ? No .
Three bags and a suitcase . This is my luggage to check . Do you have any carry-on luggage ? No . Put your luggage on the scale , please . Oh , your luggage is overweight .
Do you have any carry-on luggage ? No . Put your luggage on the scale , please . Oh , your luggage is overweight . How much is the excess baggage part charge ?
No . Put your luggage on the scale , please . Oh , your luggage is overweight . How much is the excess baggage part charge ? Twenty-two dollars
Put your luggage on the scale , please . Oh , your luggage is overweight . How much is the excess baggage part charge ? Twenty-two dollars Here you are .
How much is the excess baggage part charge ? Twenty-two dollars Here you are . This is your voucher , and you can get your luggage back on this . Have a good trip !
So , Monica , how do you like your new office ? Well , I love it . The room is spacious and clean with big windows and a lot of sunshine . There are plants along the corridor . Especially , I got my own desk with computer and telephone . Such a great place ! That ' s very good . I once turn down a job offer just because the office is awful . What was so bad about it ?
Well , I love it . The room is spacious and clean with big windows and a lot of sunshine . There are plants along the corridor . Especially , I got my own desk with computer and telephone . Such a great place ! That ' s very good . I once turn down a job offer just because the office is awful . What was so bad about it ? Small rooms , small window , a small desk shared by three people . I would have been interrupted all the time and for sure not be able to deliver good work .
That ' s very good . I once turn down a job offer just because the office is awful . What was so bad about it ? Small rooms , small window , a small desk shared by three people . I would have been interrupted all the time and for sure not be able to deliver good work . Sounds bad ! Lucky you ! You didn ' t take that job . I think a good office environment is also important to work efficiently .
Room service , is there anything I can do for you ? Yes , I am afraid there are not enough outlets . Well , we have 6 for each room . Yes , but 4 of them are broken . Can you send someone here ?
I wonder what he looks like . Oh , I can't wait to see him ! His email said he'd be wearing a white hat . oh , there he is . hey , Isabelle ... Logan ! Why on earth are you hiding here ? White hat ! Come on ! Don't tell me you're the guy ! It can't be true . yes , I am the guy ...
hey , Isabelle ... Logan ! Why on earth are you hiding here ? White hat ! Come on ! Don't tell me you're the guy ! It can't be true . yes , I am the guy ... what a bummer ! You set me up ?
Hello , Miao Li , Where are you going ? Hello , I am going to the store to buy some fruit . Oh , Would you do me a favor ? Yes ?
Hello , I am going to the store to buy some fruit . Oh , Would you do me a favor ? Yes ? Please mail this letter for me on your way to the store .
Oh , Would you do me a favor ? Yes ? Please mail this letter for me on your way to the store . Sure . Do you want it to be registered ?
Yes ? Please mail this letter for me on your way to the store . Sure . Do you want it to be registered ? Yes , I think so . There are some pictures in it . It would be a great pity if they were lost .
Please mail this letter for me on your way to the store . Sure . Do you want it to be registered ? Yes , I think so . There are some pictures in it . It would be a great pity if they were lost . Yes , I will be glad to mail your letter .
Sure . Do you want it to be registered ? Yes , I think so . There are some pictures in it . It would be a great pity if they were lost . Yes , I will be glad to mail your letter . Thanks .
Have you any round-neck sweater ? Yes . Actually our range of sweaters is the most comprehensive available . Can I try this one on ? Sure , go ahead .
I'm sorry I'm so late . I had a really bad day . It's ten after six . We ' re late . But dinner is at six thirty . I know . I know . I'm really sorry . I lost my bag . I'll call the lost and found office .
Wow ! Your fruit looks really fresh ! How much are these apples ? The apples are 30NT each . How many would you like ? Let's see , 30NT is about ... almost a dollar US . What ? ! How about these pineapples ? They're 250NT each , but they're not edible . They're only used for worship .
The apples are 30NT each . How many would you like ? Let's see , 30NT is about ... almost a dollar US . What ? ! How about these pineapples ? They're 250NT each , but they're not edible . They're only used for worship . Hmm , 250NT is ... 8 dollars ? ! ! And you can't even eat them ? You're crazy !
Let's see , 30NT is about ... almost a dollar US . What ? ! How about these pineapples ? They're 250NT each , but they're not edible . They're only used for worship . Hmm , 250NT is ... 8 dollars ? ! ! And you can't even eat them ? You're crazy ! Wait ! Don't go just yet . These bananas are pretty cheap--only 35NT for this bunch .
They're 250NT each , but they're not edible . They're only used for worship . Hmm , 250NT is ... 8 dollars ? ! ! And you can't even eat them ? You're crazy ! Wait ! Don't go just yet . These bananas are pretty cheap--only 35NT for this bunch . Now that's more like it ! Bananas have lots of potassium , too !
Hmm , 250NT is ... 8 dollars ? ! ! And you can't even eat them ? You're crazy ! Wait ! Don't go just yet . These bananas are pretty cheap--only 35NT for this bunch . Now that's more like it ! Bananas have lots of potassium , too ! They're also good for your digestion ! Would you like some kiwis , too ?
Wait ! Don't go just yet . These bananas are pretty cheap--only 35NT for this bunch . Now that's more like it ! Bananas have lots of potassium , too ! They're also good for your digestion ! Would you like some kiwis , too ? Are they from Taiwan ?
Now that's more like it ! Bananas have lots of potassium , too ! They're also good for your digestion ! Would you like some kiwis , too ? Are they from Taiwan ? They're imported from New Zealand . Four for 50NT . Nine for a hundred .
Jeff , look at this listing ! It says there is a cozy studio apartment for rent , and it's only $ 700 per month . What do you think ? Well I think I can afford that apartment . But are pets allowed ? Hmm ... let me look . Yes , it says it's a pet-friendly building . That's great . That means I can bring my cat , Mr . Twinkles . Where is the apartment located ?
Good morning , can I help you ? I want to American breakfast with fried eggs sunny side up . What kind of juice do you prefer , sir ? Breakfast juice and please make my coffee very strong .
I want to American breakfast with fried eggs sunny side up . What kind of juice do you prefer , sir ? Breakfast juice and please make my coffee very strong . Yes , sir . American breakfast with fried eggs sunny side up . Breakfast juice and black coffee . And my correct , sir ?
What kind of juice do you prefer , sir ? Breakfast juice and please make my coffee very strong . Yes , sir . American breakfast with fried eggs sunny side up . Breakfast juice and black coffee . And my correct , sir ? Yes , that ' s right .
Breakfast juice and please make my coffee very strong . Yes , sir . American breakfast with fried eggs sunny side up . Breakfast juice and black coffee . And my correct , sir ? Yes , that ' s right . Is there anything else , sir ?
Yes , sir . American breakfast with fried eggs sunny side up . Breakfast juice and black coffee . And my correct , sir ? Yes , that ' s right . Is there anything else , sir ? No , that ' s all .
Yes , that ' s right . Is there anything else , sir ? No , that ' s all . Good morning , sir . I ' Ve got breakfast your ordered .
Is there anything else , sir ? No , that ' s all . Good morning , sir . I ' Ve got breakfast your ordered . Just put it on the table please .
No , that ' s all . Good morning , sir . I ' Ve got breakfast your ordered . Just put it on the table please . Do you need anything else , sir ?
Good morning , sir . I ' Ve got breakfast your ordered . Just put it on the table please . Do you need anything else , sir ? No , thanks . Oh , yes , could I have some juice for the mini bar ?
Just put it on the table please . Do you need anything else , sir ? No , thanks . Oh , yes , could I have some juice for the mini bar ? What kind of juice do you like sir ?
Do you need anything else , sir ? No , thanks . Oh , yes , could I have some juice for the mini bar ? What kind of juice do you like sir ? Tomato or orange juice , please .
Boy , it looks like everyone in your family is here , from young to old . Easter's a good day for reunions . The family goes to church together . And after church they come here for lunch ? Yup , a big potluck buffet . And then-notice there are no children around ?
Easter's a good day for reunions . The family goes to church together . And after church they come here for lunch ? Yup , a big potluck buffet . And then-notice there are no children around ? Yeah , what's up with that ?
How far do we have to go ? About 50 miles . The traffic is not very heavy on this high way , is it ? So I ' m sure we ' ll make it . No , but we ' Ve got a hurry . It will be the rush hour soon .
About 50 miles . The traffic is not very heavy on this high way , is it ? So I ' m sure we ' ll make it . No , but we ' Ve got a hurry . It will be the rush hour soon . Don ' t worry . There ' s plenty of time yet .
The traffic is not very heavy on this high way , is it ? So I ' m sure we ' ll make it . No , but we ' Ve got a hurry . It will be the rush hour soon . Don ' t worry . There ' s plenty of time yet . But it ' s Friday today . This road is always jam packed during the weekend , isn ' t it ?
What's wrong with you ? I have a sore throat and headache . Do you feel tired ? Yes , my whole body feels weak . And I really feel terrible .
I have a sore throat and headache . Do you feel tired ? Yes , my whole body feels weak . And I really feel terrible . I'm sorry to hear that . I'll have to examine you .
Do you feel tired ? Yes , my whole body feels weak . And I really feel terrible . I'm sorry to hear that . I'll have to examine you . Ok , go ahead .
Can you speak Japanese ? Yes , I can , but not very well . Where did you learn it ? At school . And I'm still learning it now .
Yes , I can , but not very well . Where did you learn it ? At school . And I'm still learning it now . How long have you been learning it ?
Where did you learn it ? At school . And I'm still learning it now . How long have you been learning it ? About three years .
At school . And I'm still learning it now . How long have you been learning it ? About three years . Can you speak any other languages ?
What can I help you with ? May I ask you something ? What's your question ? How many hours behind the wheel do I need ?
May I ask you something ? What's your question ? How many hours behind the wheel do I need ? What do you need to take it for ?
What's your question ? How many hours behind the wheel do I need ? What do you need to take it for ? I'm trying to get my license .
How many hours behind the wheel do I need ? What do you need to take it for ? I'm trying to get my license . You need six hours .
What do you need to take it for ? I'm trying to get my license . You need six hours . Can I do all six hours in one day ?
I'm trying to get my license . You need six hours . Can I do all six hours in one day ? You have to do it in three days .
You need six hours . Can I do all six hours in one day ? You have to do it in three days . That's all I have to do ?
Can I do all six hours in one day ? You have to do it in three days . That's all I have to do ? That's everything .
Hello Mr Waterstone , what can I do for you today ? Hello , Becky . Well , you see , I have this thing here , called a Fixed Deposit Certificate , and I've just noticed the date on it . Oh , I see . You have two choices here you can either redeem or renew . I think I'll redeem , if that's not a problem .
Hello , Becky . Well , you see , I have this thing here , called a Fixed Deposit Certificate , and I've just noticed the date on it . Oh , I see . You have two choices here you can either redeem or renew . I think I'll redeem , if that's not a problem . No problem at all , Mr Waterstone . Any preference as to how you want the money ?
Oh , I see . You have two choices here you can either redeem or renew . I think I'll redeem , if that's not a problem . No problem at all , Mr Waterstone . Any preference as to how you want the money ? Anything you like , but not too many large notes . It's useful to have smaller notes .
I think I'll redeem , if that's not a problem . No problem at all , Mr Waterstone . Any preference as to how you want the money ? Anything you like , but not too many large notes . It's useful to have smaller notes . Here we go , Mr Waterstone . Here's your money and your interest note .
What can I show you ? Do you have this shirt in a small ? Let me check . Yes , we have . May I try it on ?
Hello . this is Susan . Hello , I ' m Mark . I ' m just wondering if you are free this weekend Yes , I think So . Good . I was thinking that I ' d like to invite you to watch a movie . I can meet you at the cinema gate .
Hello , I ' m Mark . I ' m just wondering if you are free this weekend Yes , I think So . Good . I was thinking that I ' d like to invite you to watch a movie . I can meet you at the cinema gate . What ' s the time ?
Yes , I think So . Good . I was thinking that I ' d like to invite you to watch a movie . I can meet you at the cinema gate . What ' s the time ? Six thirty , tonight .
Good . I was thinking that I ' d like to invite you to watch a movie . I can meet you at the cinema gate . What ' s the time ? Six thirty , tonight . Oh , I ' m sorry I can ' t because I have to do some housework . You can ask Jenny to go with you
What ' s the time ? Six thirty , tonight . Oh , I ' m sorry I can ' t because I have to do some housework . You can ask Jenny to go with you All right . Maybe next time I can go with you . Bye !
Good day ! Welcome to Lincoln Bank , how may we assist you ? Hello . I need to find out if a Receipt of Proceeds has arrived . I'm from Felix Wasserman Associates . Thanks . Have you got the L / C number ? It's NX567822100007 .
Hello . I need to find out if a Receipt of Proceeds has arrived . I'm from Felix Wasserman Associates . Thanks . Have you got the L / C number ? It's NX567822100007 . Hang on a tick and I'll check for you . I'm sorry ; we have no record of that arriving .
Thanks . Have you got the L / C number ? It's NX567822100007 . Hang on a tick and I'll check for you . I'm sorry ; we have no record of that arriving . OK , thanks for checking . Could you give me a ring when it arrives , please ?
Do you remember what the ratings of movies stand for ? Yes , G stands for General Audiences , PG means Parental Guidance suggested , R is restricted to audiences under 18 and X means explicit content . Does anyone pay any attention to those ratings anymore ? Remember when we were kids ? Theaters wouldn't let kids in to PG moves without a parent .
Yes , G stands for General Audiences , PG means Parental Guidance suggested , R is restricted to audiences under 18 and X means explicit content . Does anyone pay any attention to those ratings anymore ? Remember when we were kids ? Theaters wouldn't let kids in to PG moves without a parent . I remember that I never saw an X moves even displayed .
Does anyone pay any attention to those ratings anymore ? Remember when we were kids ? Theaters wouldn't let kids in to PG moves without a parent . I remember that I never saw an X moves even displayed . Now with video rentals it's all a personal matter .
Remember when we were kids ? Theaters wouldn't let kids in to PG moves without a parent . I remember that I never saw an X moves even displayed . Now with video rentals it's all a personal matter . Yea , I never see theaters turn people away for their age anymore either .
Oh , so many kinds of winter hats . What is your favorite color , miss ? Red . Here you are . It ' s very attractive .
What is your favorite color , miss ? Red . Here you are . It ' s very attractive . May I try it on ?
Red . Here you are . It ' s very attractive . May I try it on ? Go ahead .
Here you are . It ' s very attractive . May I try it on ? Go ahead . Is there a mirror around here ?
May I try it on ? Go ahead . Is there a mirror around here ? Right over there .
Go ahead . Is there a mirror around here ? Right over there . Does it suit me ?
Is there a mirror around here ? Right over there . Does it suit me ? Yes , you look very nice .
Right over there . Does it suit me ? Yes , you look very nice . How much is it ?
Does it suit me ? Yes , you look very nice . How much is it ? We're having a clearance sale . $ 4 plus tax .
How old is Keith ? He's 21 . How old is James ? He's a year older than Keith , but he looks younger . How's your father ?
He's 21 . How old is James ? He's a year older than Keith , but he looks younger . How's your father ? He's fine . He retired last week . It's a turning point in his life . Now he can relax and enjoy his retirement .
He's a year older than Keith , but he looks younger . How's your father ? He's fine . He retired last week . It's a turning point in his life . Now he can relax and enjoy his retirement . He can spend more time with his grandchildren .
How's your father ? He's fine . He retired last week . It's a turning point in his life . Now he can relax and enjoy his retirement . He can spend more time with his grandchildren . Oh , I don't think he wants to . He wants to travel to several different countries around the world .
He's fine . He retired last week . It's a turning point in his life . Now he can relax and enjoy his retirement . He can spend more time with his grandchildren . Oh , I don't think he wants to . He wants to travel to several different countries around the world . So , he wants to have a more active retirement . Good idea !
He can spend more time with his grandchildren . Oh , I don't think he wants to . He wants to travel to several different countries around the world . So , he wants to have a more active retirement . Good idea ! How do you want to spend your old age ?
John , I ' d like you to meet Charles Brown , our new manager at the airport . Yes , certainly . How can I recognize him ? He is short , well-built , and he ' s got light blond hair . Is there anything else ?
Yes , certainly . How can I recognize him ? He is short , well-built , and he ' s got light blond hair . Is there anything else ? He has a mustache , if I remember correctly , and a light complexion .
He is short , well-built , and he ' s got light blond hair . Is there anything else ? He has a mustache , if I remember correctly , and a light complexion . How old is he ?
Is there anything else ? He has a mustache , if I remember correctly , and a light complexion . How old is he ? He is in his late thirties .
He has a mustache , if I remember correctly , and a light complexion . How old is he ? He is in his late thirties . Well . I shouldn ' t have any trouble recognizing him . What time does his flight arrive ?
What can I do for you today ? I would like to use a computer . Do you have your library card ? I sure do .
I would like to use a computer . Do you have your library card ? I sure do . There is a wait for the computers .
Do you have your library card ? I sure do . There is a wait for the computers . That ' s all right .
I sure do . There is a wait for the computers . That ' s all right . You need to print your name on this list .
There is a wait for the computers . That ' s all right . You need to print your name on this list . Okay . Now what ?
That ' s all right . You need to print your name on this list . Okay . Now what ? Once a computer is available , I will let you know .
You need to print your name on this list . Okay . Now what ? Once a computer is available , I will let you know . How am I supposed to log on to the computer ?
Okay . Now what ? Once a computer is available , I will let you know . How am I supposed to log on to the computer ? All you do is type in the number on the back of your card .
How are you today ? Great , thanks . Can I help you ? I would actually like to view the apartment for rent today .
Great , thanks . Can I help you ? I would actually like to view the apartment for rent today . I ' m sorry , but you won ' t be able to view it today .
Can I help you ? I would actually like to view the apartment for rent today . I ' m sorry , but you won ' t be able to view it today . Why not ?
I would actually like to view the apartment for rent today . I ' m sorry , but you won ' t be able to view it today . Why not ? You have to make an appointment first .
I ' m sorry , but you won ' t be able to view it today . Why not ? You have to make an appointment first . Oh , okay . Can I do that right now ?
Why not ? You have to make an appointment first . Oh , okay . Can I do that right now ? Is this Friday okay ?
You have to make an appointment first . Oh , okay . Can I do that right now ? Is this Friday okay ? Is 6 o ' clock Friday evening okay ?
Oh , okay . Can I do that right now ? Is this Friday okay ? Is 6 o ' clock Friday evening okay ? Yes , I will schedule you for that time .
What can I get for you today ? Could I get a hamburger , please ? Would you like cheese on that ? No , thank you .
Could I get a hamburger , please ? Would you like cheese on that ? No , thank you . Would you like a drink ?
Would you like cheese on that ? No , thank you . Would you like a drink ? Let me have a soda .
No , thank you . Would you like a drink ? Let me have a soda . What kind of soda would you like ?
Would you like a drink ? Let me have a soda . What kind of soda would you like ? May I have a Sprite , please ?
Let me have a soda . What kind of soda would you like ? May I have a Sprite , please ? Sure , no problem .
What kind of soda would you like ? May I have a Sprite , please ? Sure , no problem . I would also like a bag of chips .
May I have a Sprite , please ? Sure , no problem . I would also like a bag of chips . Will that be all ?
How are you ? I ' m doing well . How may I help you ? Could you cancel a check for me ?
I ' m doing well . How may I help you ? Could you cancel a check for me ? What ' s the problem ?
How may I help you ? Could you cancel a check for me ? What ' s the problem ? I wrote the check out for way too much .
Could you cancel a check for me ? What ' s the problem ? I wrote the check out for way too much . How much ?
What ' s the problem ? I wrote the check out for way too much . How much ? I wrote the check out for $ 150 .
I wrote the check out for way too much . How much ? I wrote the check out for $ 150 . What were you supposed to write it out for ?
How much ? I wrote the check out for $ 150 . What were you supposed to write it out for ? I was supposed to write the check out for $ 100 .
I wrote the check out for $ 150 . What were you supposed to write it out for ? I was supposed to write the check out for $ 100 . I ' ll just cancel it for you right now .
Have you decided what you ' re going to do during your holiday ? Yes . I ' m going to travel around Europe . Wow , that sounds great ! Where are you going ? I think I will start off in Paris . Then I ' m going to take the train to Nice and then go on to Milan .
Yes . I ' m going to travel around Europe . Wow , that sounds great ! Where are you going ? I think I will start off in Paris . Then I ' m going to take the train to Nice and then go on to Milan . Oh that will be lovely . You ' ll be able to do lots of shopping I expect .
Wow , that sounds great ! Where are you going ? I think I will start off in Paris . Then I ' m going to take the train to Nice and then go on to Milan . Oh that will be lovely . You ' ll be able to do lots of shopping I expect . Oh yes and try lots of new food too .
I think I will start off in Paris . Then I ' m going to take the train to Nice and then go on to Milan . Oh that will be lovely . You ' ll be able to do lots of shopping I expect . Oh yes and try lots of new food too . Great . Make sure you buy me a souvenir !
Please help yourself to whatever you like , don't be shy . Yes , thank you . I've already been helping myself . This dish taste terrific . Would you like to try a little ? It is a little hot , but very good . I like hot food , especially Sichuan cuisine .
Yes , thank you . I've already been helping myself . This dish taste terrific . Would you like to try a little ? It is a little hot , but very good . I like hot food , especially Sichuan cuisine . Would you like another beer ?
This dish taste terrific . Would you like to try a little ? It is a little hot , but very good . I like hot food , especially Sichuan cuisine . Would you like another beer ? I'll have another cup of beer insist . I know I don't like to drink alone , especially there are someone sitting there next to me .
I like hot food , especially Sichuan cuisine . Would you like another beer ? I'll have another cup of beer insist . I know I don't like to drink alone , especially there are someone sitting there next to me . Come on , it's the weekend . Let's taste and enjoy this meal . Cheers !
What's wrong with you ? You look pale . I'm not sure , I feel hot and cold . When did the trouble start ? I was sick most of the night .
I'm not sure , I feel hot and cold . When did the trouble start ? I was sick most of the night . It sounds like you are coming down with the flu . Let me take your temperature .
When did the trouble start ? I was sick most of the night . It sounds like you are coming down with the flu . Let me take your temperature . Have I got a high fever ?
I was sick most of the night . It sounds like you are coming down with the flu . Let me take your temperature . Have I got a high fever ? Yes , thirty-eight point seven . Do you have a headache , chest or throat pain ?
It sounds like you are coming down with the flu . Let me take your temperature . Have I got a high fever ? Yes , thirty-eight point seven . Do you have a headache , chest or throat pain ? Yes , I have .
Have I got a high fever ? Yes , thirty-eight point seven . Do you have a headache , chest or throat pain ? Yes , I have . Now , let me have a look at you . I'd like to listen to your chest . Now breathe in , a deep breath , that's it Cough , now again . I want to examine your throat , too . Open wide , say ' Ah - - '
Yes , thirty-eight point seven . Do you have a headache , chest or throat pain ? Yes , I have . Now , let me have a look at you . I'd like to listen to your chest . Now breathe in , a deep breath , that's it Cough , now again . I want to examine your throat , too . Open wide , say ' Ah - - ' Aaaaahh , aaaaahh .
Yes , I have . Now , let me have a look at you . I'd like to listen to your chest . Now breathe in , a deep breath , that's it Cough , now again . I want to examine your throat , too . Open wide , say ' Ah - - ' Aaaaahh , aaaaahh . Yes , it does look a bit sore . Let's take an X-ray of your chest and give you a few tests .
Now , let me have a look at you . I'd like to listen to your chest . Now breathe in , a deep breath , that's it Cough , now again . I want to examine your throat , too . Open wide , say ' Ah - - ' Aaaaahh , aaaaahh . Yes , it does look a bit sore . Let's take an X-ray of your chest and give you a few tests . All right , thanks .
Aaaaahh , aaaaahh . Yes , it does look a bit sore . Let's take an X-ray of your chest and give you a few tests . All right , thanks . The tests showed nothing wrong . A slight viral infection .
Yes , it does look a bit sore . Let's take an X-ray of your chest and give you a few tests . All right , thanks . The tests showed nothing wrong . A slight viral infection . What shall I do today ?
Good morning . what can I do for you ? I'm looking for some earrings for my wife as a wedding anniversary gift . You've come to the right store . We've got a beautiful and wide selection of earrings for you to choose from . I saw a pair of earrings outside your window . Can you show them to me ?
I'm looking for some earrings for my wife as a wedding anniversary gift . You've come to the right store . We've got a beautiful and wide selection of earrings for you to choose from . I saw a pair of earrings outside your window . Can you show them to me ? Do you mean the exquisite pearl earrings ?
You've come to the right store . We've got a beautiful and wide selection of earrings for you to choose from . I saw a pair of earrings outside your window . Can you show them to me ? Do you mean the exquisite pearl earrings ? Exactly . How much do you want for them ?
I saw a pair of earrings outside your window . Can you show them to me ? Do you mean the exquisite pearl earrings ? Exactly . How much do you want for them ? They're only three thousand yuan .
Do you mean the exquisite pearl earrings ? Exactly . How much do you want for them ? They're only three thousand yuan . What is this setting made of ?
Exactly . How much do you want for them ? They're only three thousand yuan . What is this setting made of ? Well , it's specially made of a platinum alloy , sir , and the lustre will never fade out .
They're only three thousand yuan . What is this setting made of ? Well , it's specially made of a platinum alloy , sir , and the lustre will never fade out . I'II take them . Please wrap them up tor me and give me the receipt .
You've heard of Bruce Jenner , haven't you ? He won the decathlon in the 1976 Olympics , right ? I read that he trained so much that he used to dream about jumping hurdles . I can think of better things to dream about ...
He won the decathlon in the 1976 Olympics , right ? I read that he trained so much that he used to dream about jumping hurdles . I can think of better things to dream about ... Sometimes he would wake up covered in sweat , with his legs pumping away .
hi , Bob , I am so glad that you came . of course I'd come . I couldn't think of a better chance to see all my old friends . yeah . It's hard to believe that it's been ten years since graduation . It feels just yesterday we collected our diplomas . how time flies . But hey , how are things going with you ?
of course I'd come . I couldn't think of a better chance to see all my old friends . yeah . It's hard to believe that it's been ten years since graduation . It feels just yesterday we collected our diplomas . how time flies . But hey , how are things going with you ? oh , where to start ? There have been ups and downs . I'm still trying to find my place in this world . It's only recently that I've been able to start settling down . How about you ? You still with Jenn
yeah . It's hard to believe that it's been ten years since graduation . It feels just yesterday we collected our diplomas . how time flies . But hey , how are things going with you ? oh , where to start ? There have been ups and downs . I'm still trying to find my place in this world . It's only recently that I've been able to start settling down . How about you ? You still with Jenn yeah , Jenny and I got married right after graduation . It was tough the first years trying to make ends meet . I was supporting us both while she continued her studies . But now things are getting better
how time flies . But hey , how are things going with you ? oh , where to start ? There have been ups and downs . I'm still trying to find my place in this world . It's only recently that I've been able to start settling down . How about you ? You still with Jenn yeah , Jenny and I got married right after graduation . It was tough the first years trying to make ends meet . I was supporting us both while she continued her studies . But now things are getting better oh , that sounds wonderful . I have always known you two would make it . I hope I can keep in better contact with you guys . I don't want us to drift apart again .
oh , where to start ? There have been ups and downs . I'm still trying to find my place in this world . It's only recently that I've been able to start settling down . How about you ? You still with Jenn yeah , Jenny and I got married right after graduation . It was tough the first years trying to make ends meet . I was supporting us both while she continued her studies . But now things are getting better oh , that sounds wonderful . I have always known you two would make it . I hope I can keep in better contact with you guys . I don't want us to drift apart again . definitely ! Actually , we just moved into a new place . There's a house-warming party this Saturday , if you are free ? I know Jenny would love to see you again and it should be a good party .
Hello . Good morning , Ruth . Did I wake you up ? No , I was just about to get up . What's up , Carl ? Listen , I am calling to confirm what you said yesterday . Are we supposed to meet at the Chinatown terminal of the Avenue B bus or D bus ?
Good morning , Ruth . Did I wake you up ? No , I was just about to get up . What's up , Carl ? Listen , I am calling to confirm what you said yesterday . Are we supposed to meet at the Chinatown terminal of the Avenue B bus or D bus ? B as in boy . You should get off at the last stop in Chinatown .
No , I was just about to get up . What's up , Carl ? Listen , I am calling to confirm what you said yesterday . Are we supposed to meet at the Chinatown terminal of the Avenue B bus or D bus ? B as in boy . You should get off at the last stop in Chinatown . Oh , you mean Canal Street ?
Listen , I am calling to confirm what you said yesterday . Are we supposed to meet at the Chinatown terminal of the Avenue B bus or D bus ? B as in boy . You should get off at the last stop in Chinatown . Oh , you mean Canal Street ? That's the wrong direction . Canal Street is on the other side of Chinatown .
B as in boy . You should get off at the last stop in Chinatown . Oh , you mean Canal Street ? That's the wrong direction . Canal Street is on the other side of Chinatown . Oh , I get it . When did we decide to meet ?
Oh , you mean Canal Street ? That's the wrong direction . Canal Street is on the other side of Chinatown . Oh , I get it . When did we decide to meet ? At 10,45 . Is Ann coming along ?
That's the wrong direction . Canal Street is on the other side of Chinatown . Oh , I get it . When did we decide to meet ? At 10,45 . Is Ann coming along ? I cannot get hold of her yet .
Oh , I get it . When did we decide to meet ? At 10,45 . Is Ann coming along ? I cannot get hold of her yet . See you around , Carl .
I'm too tired now . I've already worked for 12 hours overtime ! God ! Don't you think they should get you an assistant ? Yes , they were supposed to , but so far nobody's turned up , and I have to do the work alone . This is the first break I've had all day . They're really running you into the ground . Why don't you ask for some time off ? You could take a long weekend and have a good rest .
God ! Don't you think they should get you an assistant ? Yes , they were supposed to , but so far nobody's turned up , and I have to do the work alone . This is the first break I've had all day . They're really running you into the ground . Why don't you ask for some time off ? You could take a long weekend and have a good rest . I'm afraid I can't before I finish this project .
Yes , they were supposed to , but so far nobody's turned up , and I have to do the work alone . This is the first break I've had all day . They're really running you into the ground . Why don't you ask for some time off ? You could take a long weekend and have a good rest . I'm afraid I can't before I finish this project . You'd better pay more attention to your health .
They're really running you into the ground . Why don't you ask for some time off ? You could take a long weekend and have a good rest . I'm afraid I can't before I finish this project . You'd better pay more attention to your health . I will , thanks for your concern .
I think it's time for me to meet my admirer and make him face the music . You do ? How are you going to contact him ? I'm leaving him a message taped to my computer screen . What does it say ? Do you think he'll see it ?
You do ? How are you going to contact him ? I'm leaving him a message taped to my computer screen . What does it say ? Do you think he'll see it ? He'll see it . It says , I like sweets . Meet me at two thirty in the parking lot .
I'm leaving him a message taped to my computer screen . What does it say ? Do you think he'll see it ? He'll see it . It says , I like sweets . Meet me at two thirty in the parking lot . Can I spy on you guys from the window ?
I find it really hard to express myself in class . I have lots of ideas , but they never seem to come out of my mouth . let me give you a little advice . You know what the topics are going to be , so prepares what you would like to say in advance . I often do , but I ' m worried about the responses from other people . you have to be realistic . Not everyone is going to agree with you , but people will respect your opinion and they will respect the fact that you have contributed something to the discussion .
let me give you a little advice . You know what the topics are going to be , so prepares what you would like to say in advance . I often do , but I ' m worried about the responses from other people . you have to be realistic . Not everyone is going to agree with you , but people will respect your opinion and they will respect the fact that you have contributed something to the discussion . I ' m worried that what I say will not make sense .
I often do , but I ' m worried about the responses from other people . you have to be realistic . Not everyone is going to agree with you , but people will respect your opinion and they will respect the fact that you have contributed something to the discussion . I ' m worried that what I say will not make sense . we could chat about the topic before class . I could check that what you want to say is logical and it would also give you a chance to practice speaking .
you have to be realistic . Not everyone is going to agree with you , but people will respect your opinion and they will respect the fact that you have contributed something to the discussion . I ' m worried that what I say will not make sense . we could chat about the topic before class . I could check that what you want to say is logical and it would also give you a chance to practice speaking . that ' s a good idea . What should I do if I am in two minds about a topic ?
I ' m worried that what I say will not make sense . we could chat about the topic before class . I could check that what you want to say is logical and it would also give you a chance to practice speaking . that ' s a good idea . What should I do if I am in two minds about a topic ? that ' s easy . Express possibilities . People will think that you are pretty smart to be able to look at the topic from more than one angle .
we could chat about the topic before class . I could check that what you want to say is logical and it would also give you a chance to practice speaking . that ' s a good idea . What should I do if I am in two minds about a topic ? that ' s easy . Express possibilities . People will think that you are pretty smart to be able to look at the topic from more than one angle . I didn ' t realize that speaking in class could be so easy .
I have to get to Chicago by tomorrow and you're telling me that there are no flights ? I'm very sorry , sir . I could put you on a waiting list , but you would be wise to check out other means of travel . You mean like a bus ? Have you ever traveled for ten hours on a bus before ? I have not sir . But I do have a number for a very comfortable bus that goes to Chicago every hour from here .
I'm very sorry , sir . I could put you on a waiting list , but you would be wise to check out other means of travel . You mean like a bus ? Have you ever traveled for ten hours on a bus before ? I have not sir . But I do have a number for a very comfortable bus that goes to Chicago every hour from here . Alright , give me the number . But put me on that waiting list as well .
You mean like a bus ? Have you ever traveled for ten hours on a bus before ? I have not sir . But I do have a number for a very comfortable bus that goes to Chicago every hour from here . Alright , give me the number . But put me on that waiting list as well . Here is the number , and your name is on the waiting list .
I have not sir . But I do have a number for a very comfortable bus that goes to Chicago every hour from here . Alright , give me the number . But put me on that waiting list as well . Here is the number , and your name is on the waiting list . How many people are on the waiting list right now ?
Good afternoon ! Good afternoon ! Sit down , please . How are you ? I'm very well , thank you . How are you ? Very well too , thank you very much . Isn ' t it a lovely day ?
Good afternoon ! Sit down , please . How are you ? I'm very well , thank you . How are you ? Very well too , thank you very much . Isn ' t it a lovely day ? Yes , it's beautiful , but it's also very hot .
I'm very well , thank you . How are you ? Very well too , thank you very much . Isn ' t it a lovely day ? Yes , it's beautiful , but it's also very hot . Yes .
Very well too , thank you very much . Isn ' t it a lovely day ? Yes , it's beautiful , but it's also very hot . Yes . What's the weather like in your country ?
Yes , it's beautiful , but it's also very hot . Yes . What's the weather like in your country ? Mm ... It's quite warm now .
Yes . What's the weather like in your country ? Mm ... It's quite warm now . Where do you live ?
What's the weather like in your country ? Mm ... It's quite warm now . Where do you live ? In London . Where do you live ?
Shall we visit the Summer Palace tomorrow ? Good . I don't want to leave Beijing without visiting it . How far is it from our hotel ? It's about 5 kilometers .
Good . I don't want to leave Beijing without visiting it . How far is it from our hotel ? It's about 5 kilometers . If we start early , do we have some time for Yuanmingyuan ?
Hi , could we have two orange juice smoothies ? Would you like those with yogurt ? Sure , why not ? What else would you like to add ? We highly recommend caterpillar fungus .
Would you like those with yogurt ? Sure , why not ? What else would you like to add ? We highly recommend caterpillar fungus . Caterpillar fungus ? ! What the heck is that ?
Did you get Bean's ten different good luck forwards , like that one from the Dalai Lama ? Yeah , I deleted all that superstitious crap . What a waste of bandwidth ! I figured I might as well send one or two of them out . Maybe my luck will get better . Do you really think the Dalai Lama sent that ? I'm tired of all these forwards .
It's time for bed . But I'm not sleepy , Mum . Can I stay and watch more TV ? It's already half past eleven . You have school tomorrow . You'll sleepy all tomorrow , if you don't sleep well tonight . I know . But I promise I won't be sleepy tomorrow . I work really hard .
But I'm not sleepy , Mum . Can I stay and watch more TV ? It's already half past eleven . You have school tomorrow . You'll sleepy all tomorrow , if you don't sleep well tonight . I know . But I promise I won't be sleepy tomorrow . I work really hard . Don't you have the exams coming up soon ? I'm sure you could spend more time preparing for those .
It's already half past eleven . You have school tomorrow . You'll sleepy all tomorrow , if you don't sleep well tonight . I know . But I promise I won't be sleepy tomorrow . I work really hard . Don't you have the exams coming up soon ? I'm sure you could spend more time preparing for those . Oh , I nearly forgot the exams .
I know . But I promise I won't be sleepy tomorrow . I work really hard . Don't you have the exams coming up soon ? I'm sure you could spend more time preparing for those . Oh , I nearly forgot the exams . You do well in maths , but your history is not good enough . Am I right ?
Don't you have the exams coming up soon ? I'm sure you could spend more time preparing for those . Oh , I nearly forgot the exams . You do well in maths , but your history is not good enough . Am I right ? Yeah , I guess so . Maybe I can go to sleep now and get up early to review the lessons tomorrow .
Oh , I nearly forgot the exams . You do well in maths , but your history is not good enough . Am I right ? Yeah , I guess so . Maybe I can go to sleep now and get up early to review the lessons tomorrow . An excellent idea . Work now and play later .
You do well in maths , but your history is not good enough . Am I right ? Yeah , I guess so . Maybe I can go to sleep now and get up early to review the lessons tomorrow . An excellent idea . Work now and play later . I know you're right . School is more important than TV . Can I watch one more show , then go to bed .
Excuse me , is this the baggage claim area from KL17 ? Yes , can I help you ? Well , this is my baggage claim tag . Can you get my baggage now ? OK , here you are .
Now , what seems to be the trouble ? It's nothing serious . But I always have a headache , and I haven't slept properly for several weeks . I've also lost appetite and my eyes are burning . Mm , you do look rather pale . Let me take your temperature . Would you put the thermometer under your arm , please ? Now , let me listen to your pulse . Mm , do you feel weak ? Yes , I never seem to have any energy .
It's nothing serious . But I always have a headache , and I haven't slept properly for several weeks . I've also lost appetite and my eyes are burning . Mm , you do look rather pale . Let me take your temperature . Would you put the thermometer under your arm , please ? Now , let me listen to your pulse . Mm , do you feel weak ? Yes , I never seem to have any energy . I'll give you a blood test . Would you roll up your sleeve ? Just as I thought . You're anemic . You'd better pay more attention to your diet . Eat plenty of fresh fruit and vegetables and food high in protein . And don't stay up late working . Try to get more rest .
Hello , thank you for calling Bradford and Sons . This is Tracy speaking , How may I help you ? Hello . I would like to speak to your director of human resources , Ms . Jenkins , Please . Just a moment . I'll check to see if she is at her desk . May I tell her who is calling ? This is Bill Burton from Milford Insurance , I'm calling in regards to our meeting next Tuesday .
Hello . I would like to speak to your director of human resources , Ms . Jenkins , Please . Just a moment . I'll check to see if she is at her desk . May I tell her who is calling ? This is Bill Burton from Milford Insurance , I'm calling in regards to our meeting next Tuesday . Thank you , Mr . Burton . Can you please hold for a moment ? I'll check to see if she is available .
Just a moment . I'll check to see if she is at her desk . May I tell her who is calling ? This is Bill Burton from Milford Insurance , I'm calling in regards to our meeting next Tuesday . Thank you , Mr . Burton . Can you please hold for a moment ? I'll check to see if she is available . No problem .
We've managed to reduce our energy consumption in our factory by about 15 per cent in the last two years . That's excellent . How have you managed that ? Mainly because we've invested in a heat recovery system . What does that mean exactly ?
That's excellent . How have you managed that ? Mainly because we've invested in a heat recovery system . What does that mean exactly ? Well , we use the exhaust gases from our printing presses to provide energy to heat our dryers .
Mainly because we've invested in a heat recovery system . What does that mean exactly ? Well , we use the exhaust gases from our printing presses to provide energy to heat our dryers . What other sources of energy do you use ?
Are you going to vote ? Of course ! Are you ? I plan to , but what day is the election ? You should know that .
Of course ! Are you ? I plan to , but what day is the election ? You should know that . Can you just tell me ?
I plan to , but what day is the election ? You should know that . Can you just tell me ? The election is this Tuesday .
You should know that . Can you just tell me ? The election is this Tuesday . Are you serious ?
Can you just tell me ? The election is this Tuesday . Are you serious ? I ' m not kidding .
The election is this Tuesday . Are you serious ? I ' m not kidding . It ' s a good thing I asked you .
Are you serious ? I ' m not kidding . It ' s a good thing I asked you . That should ' Ve been something you knew already .
I ' m not kidding . It ' s a good thing I asked you . That should ' Ve been something you knew already . I couldn ' t remember .
hi , Lander . What's wrong ? I can hardly make ends meet these days . same here . I have't brought any new clothes for three months . my income remains the same but prices just continue to rise .
I can hardly make ends meet these days . same here . I have't brought any new clothes for three months . my income remains the same but prices just continue to rise . true . The news says that there is a general increase in the price of daily necessities .
same here . I have't brought any new clothes for three months . my income remains the same but prices just continue to rise . true . The news says that there is a general increase in the price of daily necessities . definitely . I have to spend 300 yuan more on food every month .
my income remains the same but prices just continue to rise . true . The news says that there is a general increase in the price of daily necessities . definitely . I have to spend 300 yuan more on food every month . the biggest price jump is for pork , so most people have to turn to chicken .
true . The news says that there is a general increase in the price of daily necessities . definitely . I have to spend 300 yuan more on food every month . the biggest price jump is for pork , so most people have to turn to chicken . is that inflation ?
definitely . I have to spend 300 yuan more on food every month . the biggest price jump is for pork , so most people have to turn to chicken . is that inflation ? inflation is more than just the rising prices , I guess . But the central bank is warning about the risk of inflation .
the biggest price jump is for pork , so most people have to turn to chicken . is that inflation ? inflation is more than just the rising prices , I guess . But the central bank is warning about the risk of inflation . has the government taken some measures to curb it ?
is that inflation ? inflation is more than just the rising prices , I guess . But the central bank is warning about the risk of inflation . has the government taken some measures to curb it ? yes . The government has banned price hikes in some key industries like energy .
inflation is more than just the rising prices , I guess . But the central bank is warning about the risk of inflation . has the government taken some measures to curb it ? yes . The government has banned price hikes in some key industries like energy . but I'm afraid the price hikes will spill over from food into other areas of the economy .
has the government taken some measures to curb it ? yes . The government has banned price hikes in some key industries like energy . but I'm afraid the price hikes will spill over from food into other areas of the economy . you said it . I think we should tighten our budget and cut our spending .
yes . The government has banned price hikes in some key industries like energy . but I'm afraid the price hikes will spill over from food into other areas of the economy . you said it . I think we should tighten our budget and cut our spending . how ?
but I'm afraid the price hikes will spill over from food into other areas of the economy . you said it . I think we should tighten our budget and cut our spending . how ? for a start , we can take the public transport to work . You know , running a car is a big expense .
Dave , there's something I want to talk to you about . Zina , why are you whispering ? I've been talking to WebTracker . I'm thinking of jumping ship . What ? Are you serious ? You'd defect to our archrival ! ?
Zina , why are you whispering ? I've been talking to WebTracker . I'm thinking of jumping ship . What ? Are you serious ? You'd defect to our archrival ! ? Keep your voice down . We'll talk more later . Right now I need to see Vince .
I've been talking to WebTracker . I'm thinking of jumping ship . What ? Are you serious ? You'd defect to our archrival ! ? Keep your voice down . We'll talk more later . Right now I need to see Vince . We definitely have to talk , Zina . And watch your back . Elvin is still mad about his nose .
Are there any beds vacant ? Yes , what kind of room do you want ? I prefer one facing the sea . Besides , it should have a shower . Sorry , right now we can only have you a room without shower .
Hey . Why did you take that money ? You are such a cheater ! I should send you to jail ! I am not cheating . When you pass go , you collect $ 200 , Everyone knows that ! Well you can ' t just take the money . You have to ask the bank for money . And I ' m the banker . Banker ?
I am not cheating . When you pass go , you collect $ 200 , Everyone knows that ! Well you can ' t just take the money . You have to ask the bank for money . And I ' m the banker . Banker ? Yes ...
Well you can ' t just take the money . You have to ask the bank for money . And I ' m the banker . Banker ? Yes ... Can I have my $ 200 please ?
Please tell me something about your insurance background . I majored in international banking at college so I took many insurance courses . And I worked at an insurance company for my graduation field work . Why do you want to be an insurance agent ? I care about people and I know the importance of insurance .
I majored in international banking at college so I took many insurance courses . And I worked at an insurance company for my graduation field work . Why do you want to be an insurance agent ? I care about people and I know the importance of insurance . Do you have any work experience in promotion ?
Why do you want to be an insurance agent ? I care about people and I know the importance of insurance . Do you have any work experience in promotion ? Yes , I do . I have worked as a salesman for P & G Company Ltd .
I care about people and I know the importance of insurance . Do you have any work experience in promotion ? Yes , I do . I have worked as a salesman for P & G Company Ltd . Do people respond well to you ?
Excuse me , sir . Is there a barber near here ? Yes , the nearest one is at the third cross of this road . I'm a stranger here . How can I get there , please ? Just walk down the road for a few minutes , and you'll find it on your right .
You look upset , anything wrong ? I'm going to quit the job . Why ? The task is tough .
I'm going to quit the job . Why ? The task is tough . You'd look before you leap .
Do you sometimes feel overwhelmed by your work ? Of course ! It is the No . 1 stressor in my life . You know job stress has become a very common problem these days . So we must learn to cope with it . Totally agree . What is your solution ? Well , there are two causes of job stress . One is employee characteristic and the other is company condition . So if we want to manage job stress , both we and the companies should do something . For me , I am trying to balance work and leisure time . You know , all work and no play make Jack a dull boy .
Of course ! It is the No . 1 stressor in my life . You know job stress has become a very common problem these days . So we must learn to cope with it . Totally agree . What is your solution ? Well , there are two causes of job stress . One is employee characteristic and the other is company condition . So if we want to manage job stress , both we and the companies should do something . For me , I am trying to balance work and leisure time . You know , all work and no play make Jack a dull boy . You seem to have a very relaxed outlook .
Totally agree . What is your solution ? Well , there are two causes of job stress . One is employee characteristic and the other is company condition . So if we want to manage job stress , both we and the companies should do something . For me , I am trying to balance work and leisure time . You know , all work and no play make Jack a dull boy . You seem to have a very relaxed outlook . It is necessary . Positive attitude helps to prevent stress .
Well , there are two causes of job stress . One is employee characteristic and the other is company condition . So if we want to manage job stress , both we and the companies should do something . For me , I am trying to balance work and leisure time . You know , all work and no play make Jack a dull boy . You seem to have a very relaxed outlook . It is necessary . Positive attitude helps to prevent stress . But I don ' t think we can change our working condition . Anyway , we are not the bosses .
Good afternoon ! Can I help you ? Could you show me where the Chinesc-style clothing is located ? I want to buy a silk coat . This way , please . Here they are . They're all handmade . Oh , they look nice . May I try that black one on ?
Could you show me where the Chinesc-style clothing is located ? I want to buy a silk coat . This way , please . Here they are . They're all handmade . Oh , they look nice . May I try that black one on ? Of course . The fitting room is right over there .
This way , please . Here they are . They're all handmade . Oh , they look nice . May I try that black one on ? Of course . The fitting room is right over there . Do you have a medium in the same color ? This one is a little tight .
Oh , they look nice . May I try that black one on ? Of course . The fitting room is right over there . Do you have a medium in the same color ? This one is a little tight . l'm sorry . All the black of that size are sold out . Would you like a red one ?
Of course . The fitting room is right over there . Do you have a medium in the same color ? This one is a little tight . l'm sorry . All the black of that size are sold out . Would you like a red one ? OK . Let me try it on . What do you think ?
Do you have a medium in the same color ? This one is a little tight . l'm sorry . All the black of that size are sold out . Would you like a red one ? OK . Let me try it on . What do you think ? Oh , that suits you very well . Besides it is believed in China that the red color brings happiness and good luck .
l'm sorry . All the black of that size are sold out . Would you like a red one ? OK . Let me try it on . What do you think ? Oh , that suits you very well . Besides it is believed in China that the red color brings happiness and good luck . Really ? I'II take it and I'm leaving here tomorrow . Is it possible for you to send one in black to me by mail when you get it in ?
OK . Let me try it on . What do you think ? Oh , that suits you very well . Besides it is believed in China that the red color brings happiness and good luck . Really ? I'II take it and I'm leaving here tomorrow . Is it possible for you to send one in black to me by mail when you get it in ? Our pleasure . Please fill out this form , leaving your address and telephone number .
Oh , that suits you very well . Besides it is believed in China that the red color brings happiness and good luck . Really ? I'II take it and I'm leaving here tomorrow . Is it possible for you to send one in black to me by mail when you get it in ? Our pleasure . Please fill out this form , leaving your address and telephone number . Thanks . How much would that come to ?
Sun-set hotel . May I help you ? Yes , I have booked a room for 24th . It's a double room . Hold on , please . Let me check it for you . Yes , you're right . You will keep it for 3 days . Well , now I want to change the date from 24th to 28th .
I need help using the washer and dryer . Tell me what the problem is . I can't figure out how to turn them on . Do you have some quarters ?
Tell me what the problem is . I can't figure out how to turn them on . Do you have some quarters ? I didn't know I needed change .
I can't figure out how to turn them on . Do you have some quarters ? I didn't know I needed change . The washer costs 50 cents and the dryer costs a dollar .
Do you have some quarters ? I didn't know I needed change . The washer costs 50 cents and the dryer costs a dollar . Where do I put the change ?
I didn't know I needed change . The washer costs 50 cents and the dryer costs a dollar . Where do I put the change ? The quarters go into the slot . You have to push the slot in , and the machine will turn on .
The washer costs 50 cents and the dryer costs a dollar . Where do I put the change ? The quarters go into the slot . You have to push the slot in , and the machine will turn on . Is that everything that I have to do ?
Where do I put the change ? The quarters go into the slot . You have to push the slot in , and the machine will turn on . Is that everything that I have to do ? That's all there is .
The quarters go into the slot . You have to push the slot in , and the machine will turn on . Is that everything that I have to do ? That's all there is . I appreciate you helping me with this .
Hello ? This is John Smith . Can I speak to Mr . White , please ? This is Mr . White speaking . Hi . I understand that you have a house for sale , haven ' t you ? Yes .
This is Mr . White speaking . Hi . I understand that you have a house for sale , haven ' t you ? Yes . I ' d like to know more about it .
Hi . I understand that you have a house for sale , haven ' t you ? Yes . I ' d like to know more about it . Can you come to my office this afternoon at 3 o ' clock ?
Yes . I ' d like to know more about it . Can you come to my office this afternoon at 3 o ' clock ? OK . I will be there .
I ' d like to know more about it . Can you come to my office this afternoon at 3 o ' clock ? OK . I will be there . Thank you for calling . Goodbye .
Can I help you ? Yes . I want to buy a pair of shoes . Have you a pattern in your mind ? Well , maybe sneakers or rubber shoes .
Yes . I want to buy a pair of shoes . Have you a pattern in your mind ? Well , maybe sneakers or rubber shoes . Is there any special brand you would like ?
I think Yoga might be suitable for me . Why ? Because it doesn't require a lot of energy and thus easy to keep up . But I see people sweat a lot doing Yoga too .
Why ? Because it doesn't require a lot of energy and thus easy to keep up . But I see people sweat a lot doing Yoga too . I don't know . I just need to try it once . I'm in urgent need of some exercise to lose some weight .
Hello , Daisy , how are you doing ? Fine , thank you . I haven ' t seen you for quite some time . What have you been up to recently ? I have been spending a lot of time watching movies at home , so you wouldn't have seen me . Recently , I've been obsessed with horror films . Oh , how can you be infatuated with horror films ? They're so scary .
Fine , thank you . I haven ' t seen you for quite some time . What have you been up to recently ? I have been spending a lot of time watching movies at home , so you wouldn't have seen me . Recently , I've been obsessed with horror films . Oh , how can you be infatuated with horror films ? They're so scary . Yeah , you are right I used to not watch horror films , but after seeing Silence of the Lamb with Mike last month , I fell in love with them .
I have been spending a lot of time watching movies at home , so you wouldn't have seen me . Recently , I've been obsessed with horror films . Oh , how can you be infatuated with horror films ? They're so scary . Yeah , you are right I used to not watch horror films , but after seeing Silence of the Lamb with Mike last month , I fell in love with them . It's amazing . But if I were you , I wouldn't have the courage to watch the first one .
Oh , how can you be infatuated with horror films ? They're so scary . Yeah , you are right I used to not watch horror films , but after seeing Silence of the Lamb with Mike last month , I fell in love with them . It's amazing . But if I were you , I wouldn't have the courage to watch the first one . But it's really exciting .
Yeah , you are right I used to not watch horror films , but after seeing Silence of the Lamb with Mike last month , I fell in love with them . It's amazing . But if I were you , I wouldn't have the courage to watch the first one . But it's really exciting . Maybe , but I would rather watch romance , science fiction , crime or even disaster movie instead of a horror picture . I wouldn't dare sleep at night after watching one .
It's amazing . But if I were you , I wouldn't have the courage to watch the first one . But it's really exciting . Maybe , but I would rather watch romance , science fiction , crime or even disaster movie instead of a horror picture . I wouldn't dare sleep at night after watching one . Basically . you'll watch any type of movie except horror .
But it's really exciting . Maybe , but I would rather watch romance , science fiction , crime or even disaster movie instead of a horror picture . I wouldn't dare sleep at night after watching one . Basically . you'll watch any type of movie except horror . Yep .
Maybe , but I would rather watch romance , science fiction , crime or even disaster movie instead of a horror picture . I wouldn't dare sleep at night after watching one . Basically . you'll watch any type of movie except horror . Yep . I think you should have a try someday . Maybe you'll change your mind .
They ' ll do the operation for you this Friday . But Saturday is my birthday . I think it ' s important to do now . We can have a birthday party for you when you come out of the hospital . But it won ' t be on my birthday .
Wei ! This is a first-you didn't bargain ! Bargain ? I'd feel way too guilty . But you could have saved money . From a sweet ma ? ! It's not worth it . Plus , I'd happily pay more for these things I bought !
Bargain ? I'd feel way too guilty . But you could have saved money . From a sweet ma ? ! It's not worth it . Plus , I'd happily pay more for these things I bought ! F . Y . I . , there is a flea market nearby , but maybe you're done ...
How long will you stay in New York ? Just tor three days . I won't need these luggages . CouId I put them here ? I am sorry . If you have here more than 24 hours between connecting flights , we can't check your luggage through London . Well , maybe I can put them in the airport storage there .
What can I do for you ? I'd like to buy some milk powder . What would you recommend ? We have many kinds of different purpose . I wonder whom you are buying for ? My son . He is two years old .
I'd like to buy some milk powder . What would you recommend ? We have many kinds of different purpose . I wonder whom you are buying for ? My son . He is two years old . I see , sir . This one is very good .
We have many kinds of different purpose . I wonder whom you are buying for ? My son . He is two years old . I see , sir . This one is very good . Is it ?
My son . He is two years old . I see , sir . This one is very good . Is it ? You may rest assured . It sells well .
I see , sir . This one is very good . Is it ? You may rest assured . It sells well . May I have a look at the introduction ?
Good morning , may I speak with Professor Clark , please ? You are speaking with Professor Clark . Professor , I am Kalina from your morning literature class . Yes , how can I help you ?
You are speaking with Professor Clark . Professor , I am Kalina from your morning literature class . Yes , how can I help you ? I ran my car into a tree yesterday and need to miss a few days of school .
Professor , I am Kalina from your morning literature class . Yes , how can I help you ? I ran my car into a tree yesterday and need to miss a few days of school . Oh , my God ! I hope you are all right .
Yes , how can I help you ? I ran my car into a tree yesterday and need to miss a few days of school . Oh , my God ! I hope you are all right . I have a concussion , but I will be OK .
I ran my car into a tree yesterday and need to miss a few days of school . Oh , my God ! I hope you are all right . I have a concussion , but I will be OK . How much school will you miss ?
Oh , my God ! I hope you are all right . I have a concussion , but I will be OK . How much school will you miss ? I only need to take this week off .
What a nice day ! yes . How about going out and enjoying the sunshine on the grass ? great , let's go ! hey , darling , I think I might have a little heatstroke from being in the sun all day . I was so relaxed . It felt as if I were in another world .
yes . How about going out and enjoying the sunshine on the grass ? great , let's go ! hey , darling , I think I might have a little heatstroke from being in the sun all day . I was so relaxed . It felt as if I were in another world . exactly . You know , the sunshine and wind remind me of our honeymoon . You remember ? The island , the sound of the waves , the salty sea air and the sunshine ...
great , let's go ! hey , darling , I think I might have a little heatstroke from being in the sun all day . I was so relaxed . It felt as if I were in another world . exactly . You know , the sunshine and wind remind me of our honeymoon . You remember ? The island , the sound of the waves , the salty sea air and the sunshine ... yes , it was wonderful but it's already been a year . How time flies !
hey , darling , I think I might have a little heatstroke from being in the sun all day . I was so relaxed . It felt as if I were in another world . exactly . You know , the sunshine and wind remind me of our honeymoon . You remember ? The island , the sound of the waves , the salty sea air and the sunshine ... yes , it was wonderful but it's already been a year . How time flies ! why not go again to celebrate out one-year anniversary ? We can go to the same beach , stay in the same hotel and enjoy a dinner in the same restaurant .
exactly . You know , the sunshine and wind remind me of our honeymoon . You remember ? The island , the sound of the waves , the salty sea air and the sunshine ... yes , it was wonderful but it's already been a year . How time flies ! why not go again to celebrate out one-year anniversary ? We can go to the same beach , stay in the same hotel and enjoy a dinner in the same restaurant . are you kidding ? Can you afford it ? Do you think we can get a room on such short notice ?
yes , it was wonderful but it's already been a year . How time flies ! why not go again to celebrate out one-year anniversary ? We can go to the same beach , stay in the same hotel and enjoy a dinner in the same restaurant . are you kidding ? Can you afford it ? Do you think we can get a room on such short notice ? never mind that , I'll take care of it . Are you available next week ?
why not go again to celebrate out one-year anniversary ? We can go to the same beach , stay in the same hotel and enjoy a dinner in the same restaurant . are you kidding ? Can you afford it ? Do you think we can get a room on such short notice ? never mind that , I'll take care of it . Are you available next week ? yeah , I think so .
are you kidding ? Can you afford it ? Do you think we can get a room on such short notice ? never mind that , I'll take care of it . Are you available next week ? yeah , I think so . ok . I'll make the arrangements . It will be great .
Ok , honey , time to take down the Christmas tree . Do we have to ? Come on , it ' s losing needles all the time and the branches are sagging . It ' s not that bad , besides it really looks nice in that corner . It gives the room a good atmosphere .
Do we have to ? Come on , it ' s losing needles all the time and the branches are sagging . It ' s not that bad , besides it really looks nice in that corner . It gives the room a good atmosphere . A good atmosphere ? The tree is falling apart , and it ' s messing up the room .
Come on , it ' s losing needles all the time and the branches are sagging . It ' s not that bad , besides it really looks nice in that corner . It gives the room a good atmosphere . A good atmosphere ? The tree is falling apart , and it ' s messing up the room . But it makes the place feel so much like Christmas . I ' d really hate to have to take it down .
It ' s not that bad , besides it really looks nice in that corner . It gives the room a good atmosphere . A good atmosphere ? The tree is falling apart , and it ' s messing up the room . But it makes the place feel so much like Christmas . I ' d really hate to have to take it down . But Christmas was two weeks ago ! It ' s been there only because we ' Ve been too busy to get rid of it .
A good atmosphere ? The tree is falling apart , and it ' s messing up the room . But it makes the place feel so much like Christmas . I ' d really hate to have to take it down . But Christmas was two weeks ago ! It ' s been there only because we ' Ve been too busy to get rid of it . I know , but it seems like such a shame to have to take it away .
But it makes the place feel so much like Christmas . I ' d really hate to have to take it down . But Christmas was two weeks ago ! It ' s been there only because we ' Ve been too busy to get rid of it . I know , but it seems like such a shame to have to take it away . But it ' s falling apart , and the cat keeps playing with the lower branches .
But Christmas was two weeks ago ! It ' s been there only because we ' Ve been too busy to get rid of it . I know , but it seems like such a shame to have to take it away . But it ' s falling apart , and the cat keeps playing with the lower branches . I know , I know . But it reminds me of the great Christmas we just had . All of us were here - - my parents , your parents , the kids , and the cousins - - the food was good , and everybody got what they wanted .
I know , but it seems like such a shame to have to take it away . But it ' s falling apart , and the cat keeps playing with the lower branches . I know , I know . But it reminds me of the great Christmas we just had . All of us were here - - my parents , your parents , the kids , and the cousins - - the food was good , and everybody got what they wanted . Yeah , it was a good Christmas . It won ' t always be this good , but we can ' t make it last longer than it should .
But it ' s falling apart , and the cat keeps playing with the lower branches . I know , I know . But it reminds me of the great Christmas we just had . All of us were here - - my parents , your parents , the kids , and the cousins - - the food was good , and everybody got what they wanted . Yeah , it was a good Christmas . It won ' t always be this good , but we can ' t make it last longer than it should . Ok , fine . We need to take down the tree .
You guys are charging me $ 10 for a movie that I never ordered or saw . Let's see , sir . According to your file , you watched ' Titanic ' Monday evening . Well , the wrong information is in my file . I was at a concert Monday night . Well , your word overrules the file , sir . One moment , please .
Let's see , sir . According to your file , you watched ' Titanic ' Monday evening . Well , the wrong information is in my file . I was at a concert Monday night . Well , your word overrules the file , sir . One moment , please . I knew you'd see it my way .
Well , the wrong information is in my file . I was at a concert Monday night . Well , your word overrules the file , sir . One moment , please . I knew you'd see it my way . Sir , I deleted the $ 10 , but I had to add a $ 2 service charge to your bill .
Well , your word overrules the file , sir . One moment , please . I knew you'd see it my way . Sir , I deleted the $ 10 , but I had to add a $ 2 service charge to your bill . Am I in the Twilight Zone ? You're charging me for a movie I never saw ?
I knew you'd see it my way . Sir , I deleted the $ 10 , but I had to add a $ 2 service charge to your bill . Am I in the Twilight Zone ? You're charging me for a movie I never saw ? Please don't blame me , sir . Blame the computer programmer .
Sir , I deleted the $ 10 , but I had to add a $ 2 service charge to your bill . Am I in the Twilight Zone ? You're charging me for a movie I never saw ? Please don't blame me , sir . Blame the computer programmer . This is highway robbery . I've got a good mind to call the police !
Hi , I'm George . I'll be your waiter this evening . Are you ready to order or do you need a few more minutes ? I'm ready now . I'd like the roast chicken and a side order of corn . And would you like an appetizer before your meal ? The soup of the day is our delicious tomato soup . I'll pass on the soup , but I'd like a garden salad .
I'm ready now . I'd like the roast chicken and a side order of corn . And would you like an appetizer before your meal ? The soup of the day is our delicious tomato soup . I'll pass on the soup , but I'd like a garden salad . Can I get you anything to drink ? :
And would you like an appetizer before your meal ? The soup of the day is our delicious tomato soup . I'll pass on the soup , but I'd like a garden salad . Can I get you anything to drink ? : Yes , I'd like a glass of iced tea .
I'll pass on the soup , but I'd like a garden salad . Can I get you anything to drink ? : Yes , I'd like a glass of iced tea . Okay . I'll be back in a minute with your drink and salad .
It's beautiful here . Yes . I feel refreshed . How long will we dock ? In half an hour . The surface of the lake is calm .
Here's the course description guide . What do I do with it ? Do you want me to help you ? Please .
What do I do with it ? Do you want me to help you ? Please . Look . Here are the core classes . Everyone has to take them .
Do you want me to help you ? Please . Look . Here are the core classes . Everyone has to take them . So I don't have to worry about them .
Please . Look . Here are the core classes . Everyone has to take them . So I don't have to worry about them . You're catching on ! However , there are elective courses like wood shop , metal shop , home economics ...
Look . Here are the core classes . Everyone has to take them . So I don't have to worry about them . You're catching on ! However , there are elective courses like wood shop , metal shop , home economics ... I'll take home economics .
Hi , Becky , what's up ? Not much , except that my mother-in-law is driving me up the wall . What's the problem ? She loves to nit-pick and criticizes everything that I do . I can never do anything right when she ' s around .
Not much , except that my mother-in-law is driving me up the wall . What's the problem ? She loves to nit-pick and criticizes everything that I do . I can never do anything right when she ' s around . For example ?
What's the problem ? She loves to nit-pick and criticizes everything that I do . I can never do anything right when she ' s around . For example ? Well , last week I invited her over to dinner . My husband and I had no problem with the food , but if you listened to her , then it would seem like I fed her old meat and rotten vegetables . There's just nothing can please her .
She loves to nit-pick and criticizes everything that I do . I can never do anything right when she ' s around . For example ? Well , last week I invited her over to dinner . My husband and I had no problem with the food , but if you listened to her , then it would seem like I fed her old meat and rotten vegetables . There's just nothing can please her . No , I can't see that happening . I know you're a good cook and nothing like that would ever happen .
For example ? Well , last week I invited her over to dinner . My husband and I had no problem with the food , but if you listened to her , then it would seem like I fed her old meat and rotten vegetables . There's just nothing can please her . No , I can't see that happening . I know you're a good cook and nothing like that would ever happen . It's not just that . She also criticizes how we raise the kids .
Can you help me plan the office party ? Sure . What do you need the most help with , the food or entertainment ? I need help with food . OK , well , let's coordinate our efforts . Should this party be formal or casual ?
Sure . What do you need the most help with , the food or entertainment ? I need help with food . OK , well , let's coordinate our efforts . Should this party be formal or casual ? I think it should be casual .
I need help with food . OK , well , let's coordinate our efforts . Should this party be formal or casual ? I think it should be casual . I agree . Next , we have to decide on food . We have a choice of Chinese or Continental Cuisine . Which one should we have ?
OK , well , let's coordinate our efforts . Should this party be formal or casual ? I think it should be casual . I agree . Next , we have to decide on food . We have a choice of Chinese or Continental Cuisine . Which one should we have ? I would prefer Chinese food for this party .
I think it should be casual . I agree . Next , we have to decide on food . We have a choice of Chinese or Continental Cuisine . Which one should we have ? I would prefer Chinese food for this party . Perfect choice . For music , should we have a live band or a DJ ?
I agree . Next , we have to decide on food . We have a choice of Chinese or Continental Cuisine . Which one should we have ? I would prefer Chinese food for this party . Perfect choice . For music , should we have a live band or a DJ ? I think we should hire a live band .
Good morning . My name is Mr . Brown . I ' m from Australia . Here is my card . Thank you . I ' m pleased to meet you , Mr . Brown . My name is Kathy Pewless , the representative of Green Textile Import and Export Corporation . Pleased to meet you too , Ms . Pewless . I travel a lot every year on business , but this is my first visit to your country . I must say I have been much impressed by your friendly people . Thank you for saying so . Have you seen the exhibition halls ? On display are most of our products , such as silk , woolen knitwear , cotton piece goods , and garments .
Thank you . I ' m pleased to meet you , Mr . Brown . My name is Kathy Pewless , the representative of Green Textile Import and Export Corporation . Pleased to meet you too , Ms . Pewless . I travel a lot every year on business , but this is my first visit to your country . I must say I have been much impressed by your friendly people . Thank you for saying so . Have you seen the exhibition halls ? On display are most of our products , such as silk , woolen knitwear , cotton piece goods , and garments . Oh , yes . I had a look yesterday . I found some of the exhibits to be fine in quality and beautiful in design . The exhibition has successfully displayed to me what your corporation handles . I ' Ve gone over the catalogue and the pamphlets enclosed in your last letter . I ' Ve got some idea of your exports . I ' m interested in your silk blouses .
How was the movie last night ? I didn't really like it . Mary said that she was really pleased with the photography . I found it very disappointing .
I didn't really like it . Mary said that she was really pleased with the photography . I found it very disappointing . She liked the acting , too , because that's what she wanted to see .
Mary said that she was really pleased with the photography . I found it very disappointing . She liked the acting , too , because that's what she wanted to see . I wasn't happy with it .
Hello ! Tomorrow I'm going to need a wake-up call . Not a problem . What time shall we call you ? I always hit the snooze button , so give me two calls , one at 7 and another at 7 fifteen . It'll be our pleasure . We'll call you at 7 and then at 7 fifteen .
Not a problem . What time shall we call you ? I always hit the snooze button , so give me two calls , one at 7 and another at 7 fifteen . It'll be our pleasure . We'll call you at 7 and then at 7 fifteen . Oops , cancel that . Change the second call to 7 thirty will you , please ?
I always hit the snooze button , so give me two calls , one at 7 and another at 7 fifteen . It'll be our pleasure . We'll call you at 7 and then at 7 fifteen . Oops , cancel that . Change the second call to 7 thirty will you , please ? No sooner said than done . Can I help you with anything else ?
It'll be our pleasure . We'll call you at 7 and then at 7 fifteen . Oops , cancel that . Change the second call to 7 thirty will you , please ? No sooner said than done . Can I help you with anything else ? No , that's about it for now . Thanks .
did you watch the Oscars on Sunday night ? no , but I heard about that Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt didn't attend . yes , that was surprising . I heard that they got into a fight and then decided not to go . they must be the most famous celebrity couple in Hollywood .
no , but I heard about that Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt didn't attend . yes , that was surprising . I heard that they got into a fight and then decided not to go . they must be the most famous celebrity couple in Hollywood . they're also one of the richest couples . They have so many money and they can buy almost anything they want .
yes , that was surprising . I heard that they got into a fight and then decided not to go . they must be the most famous celebrity couple in Hollywood . they're also one of the richest couples . They have so many money and they can buy almost anything they want . I also heard that Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes made an appearance at the Oscars .
they must be the most famous celebrity couple in Hollywood . they're also one of the richest couples . They have so many money and they can buy almost anything they want . I also heard that Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes made an appearance at the Oscars . did either one of them win an Oscar this year ?
they're also one of the richest couples . They have so many money and they can buy almost anything they want . I also heard that Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes made an appearance at the Oscars . did either one of them win an Oscar this year ? I think Tom might have been nominated for one of his films , but I don't think he won anything .
I also heard that Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes made an appearance at the Oscars . did either one of them win an Oscar this year ? I think Tom might have been nominated for one of his films , but I don't think he won anything . Tom Cruise may be handsome , but I think he's a bit crazy , don't you ?
did either one of them win an Oscar this year ? I think Tom might have been nominated for one of his films , but I don't think he won anything . Tom Cruise may be handsome , but I think he's a bit crazy , don't you ? yes , his marriage to Katie is actually quite scandalous .
I think Tom might have been nominated for one of his films , but I don't think he won anything . Tom Cruise may be handsome , but I think he's a bit crazy , don't you ? yes , his marriage to Katie is actually quite scandalous . I still think that they only got married to get more publicity for their movies and themselves .
Tom Cruise may be handsome , but I think he's a bit crazy , don't you ? yes , his marriage to Katie is actually quite scandalous . I still think that they only got married to get more publicity for their movies and themselves . people in show biz can have such an easy life ; I don't know why they have to make it so complicated .
yes , his marriage to Katie is actually quite scandalous . I still think that they only got married to get more publicity for their movies and themselves . people in show biz can have such an easy life ; I don't know why they have to make it so complicated . I would never want to be a celebrity because the paparazzi would also be after you .
I still think that they only got married to get more publicity for their movies and themselves . people in show biz can have such an easy life ; I don't know why they have to make it so complicated . I would never want to be a celebrity because the paparazzi would also be after you . that's true . I guess it would be difficult to have people taking pictures of you everywhere you go .
people in show biz can have such an easy life ; I don't know why they have to make it so complicated . I would never want to be a celebrity because the paparazzi would also be after you . that's true . I guess it would be difficult to have people taking pictures of you everywhere you go . thank goodness we're not rich and famous !
You have been here for how long ? Four months now ? Yeah , about . Do you know Chinese better now ? Oh , definitely . I remember , when I first arrived in Guangzhou , my girlfriend was haggling with a sales clerk over the price of a mobile phone .
Yeah , about . Do you know Chinese better now ? Oh , definitely . I remember , when I first arrived in Guangzhou , my girlfriend was haggling with a sales clerk over the price of a mobile phone . Oh , yeah . Many Chinese like to bargain . It happens almost everywhere .
Do you know Chinese better now ? Oh , definitely . I remember , when I first arrived in Guangzhou , my girlfriend was haggling with a sales clerk over the price of a mobile phone . Oh , yeah . Many Chinese like to bargain . It happens almost everywhere . I mean , I understand that . But the speed of the conversation got faster and faster , until it seemed to me that they would fight . My perception of the tone was that it was a violent shouting match . The truth was that it was a perfectly normal conversation .
Oh , definitely . I remember , when I first arrived in Guangzhou , my girlfriend was haggling with a sales clerk over the price of a mobile phone . Oh , yeah . Many Chinese like to bargain . It happens almost everywhere . I mean , I understand that . But the speed of the conversation got faster and faster , until it seemed to me that they would fight . My perception of the tone was that it was a violent shouting match . The truth was that it was a perfectly normal conversation . A shouting match ? You ' re so funny . You must be exaggerating . I don ' t believe it .
Oh , yeah . Many Chinese like to bargain . It happens almost everywhere . I mean , I understand that . But the speed of the conversation got faster and faster , until it seemed to me that they would fight . My perception of the tone was that it was a violent shouting match . The truth was that it was a perfectly normal conversation . A shouting match ? You ' re so funny . You must be exaggerating . I don ' t believe it . I am not exaggerating at all . I ' m telling you the truth . That was how I felt at that time .
I mean , I understand that . But the speed of the conversation got faster and faster , until it seemed to me that they would fight . My perception of the tone was that it was a violent shouting match . The truth was that it was a perfectly normal conversation . A shouting match ? You ' re so funny . You must be exaggerating . I don ' t believe it . I am not exaggerating at all . I ' m telling you the truth . That was how I felt at that time . Yes , perhaps . Chinese usually don ' t notice that sort of thing . Maybe it ' s quite natural to us .
Do you have experience in advertising ? Yes , I used to have a part-time job in advertising company . What were you mean duties there ? I mostly did advertising planning .
Yes , I used to have a part-time job in advertising company . What were you mean duties there ? I mostly did advertising planning . What qualities do you think an advertising planner should have ?
What were you mean duties there ? I mostly did advertising planning . What qualities do you think an advertising planner should have ? I think an advertising planner should have active thoughts , creative talent , and be sensitive to the changes in the market .
I mostly did advertising planning . What qualities do you think an advertising planner should have ? I think an advertising planner should have active thoughts , creative talent , and be sensitive to the changes in the market . What was the most important thing you have learned at work ?
Bob ! Anne ! I haven't seen you for ages . How ' Ve you been ? Fine , just fine . And you ? Not bad . It really is great to see you again . Where have you been ?
Are you ready for the camping trip ? All set . I've got my makeup , my Cds , and my portable TV set ... Hello ! We're supposed to be getting back to nature . Yeah , yeah . Anyway ... I'm packed . Are you ?
All set . I've got my makeup , my Cds , and my portable TV set ... Hello ! We're supposed to be getting back to nature . Yeah , yeah . Anyway ... I'm packed . Are you ? I've been packed for a week . All my stuff is in this backpack .
Hello ! We're supposed to be getting back to nature . Yeah , yeah . Anyway ... I'm packed . Are you ? I've been packed for a week . All my stuff is in this backpack . Let me see ... two books ... birdseed ?
Yeah , yeah . Anyway ... I'm packed . Are you ? I've been packed for a week . All my stuff is in this backpack . Let me see ... two books ... birdseed ? That's trail mix !
Hello , this is room 1205 . Our message lamp is flashing . Hold on a minute , please . Thank you . I am sorry to have kept you waiting . Mr . Johns needs a telephone call from you .
Hold on a minute , please . Thank you . I am sorry to have kept you waiting . Mr . Johns needs a telephone call from you . Would you bring the message to my room .
Thank you . I am sorry to have kept you waiting . Mr . Johns needs a telephone call from you . Would you bring the message to my room . I'm afraid we have nobody available at the moment .
I am sorry to have kept you waiting . Mr . Johns needs a telephone call from you . Would you bring the message to my room . I'm afraid we have nobody available at the moment . Then I'll come down and pick up the message immediately .
Could you change these for me , please ? What would you like ? Twenties and some smaller bills , please . Anything else ?
Have you ever shopped online ? Quite often . It is very convenient , saving me a lot of time . Do you have some experiences to share with me ? I want to have a try . You are asking the right person . Here are two very important tips . First , you need to visit no more than one site to find the best products and prices . I can recommend you some online merchants . Second , write your mail address correctly . Otherwise , you can ' t receive your delivery in time .
Quite often . It is very convenient , saving me a lot of time . Do you have some experiences to share with me ? I want to have a try . You are asking the right person . Here are two very important tips . First , you need to visit no more than one site to find the best products and prices . I can recommend you some online merchants . Second , write your mail address correctly . Otherwise , you can ' t receive your delivery in time . What about the registration procedure ? Is that complicated ?
Do you have some experiences to share with me ? I want to have a try . You are asking the right person . Here are two very important tips . First , you need to visit no more than one site to find the best products and prices . I can recommend you some online merchants . Second , write your mail address correctly . Otherwise , you can ' t receive your delivery in time . What about the registration procedure ? Is that complicated ? Not at all . You just need to provide your name , address , e-mail address , phone number and bank or credit card information . I will help you with that .
How ' s it going ? I ' m fine . Thank you . Do you need anything ? I need you to help me .
I ' m fine . Thank you . Do you need anything ? I need you to help me . What can I do for you ?
Do you need anything ? I need you to help me . What can I do for you ? I am looking for an article in a newspaper .
I need you to help me . What can I do for you ? I am looking for an article in a newspaper . Did you check the periodicals ?
What can I do for you ? I am looking for an article in a newspaper . Did you check the periodicals ? I didn ' t even bother to think of that .
I am looking for an article in a newspaper . Did you check the periodicals ? I didn ' t even bother to think of that . I ' ll show you where to find your article .
Did you check the periodicals ? I didn ' t even bother to think of that . I ' ll show you where to find your article . I get lost in this library .
I didn ' t even bother to think of that . I ' ll show you where to find your article . I get lost in this library . It ' s right this way .
How about going to the cinema tonight ? That's great . What's on tonight ? I am not sure about the name of the film , but I know it's a romantic one . Romantic ? I am afraid I like thrillers better .
That's great . What's on tonight ? I am not sure about the name of the film , but I know it's a romantic one . Romantic ? I am afraid I like thrillers better . Don't you think it's too bloody ?
Excuse me . I bought this shirt yesterday , but I would like to refund it . Gave me the receipt , please . Here is my receipt . What's wrong with it ?
Gave me the receipt , please . Here is my receipt . What's wrong with it ? It's too small for me to wear .
Here is my receipt . What's wrong with it ? It's too small for me to wear . Would you like another bigger one ?
What's wrong with it ? It's too small for me to wear . Would you like another bigger one ? No thanks . I want to have a refund .
It's too hot to read . We'd better go out for a walk . Which season do you like best ? Spring .
We'd better go out for a walk . Which season do you like best ? Spring . How about summer ?
Which season do you like best ? Spring . How about summer ? I dislike it most .
Spring . How about summer ? I dislike it most . Why ?
How about summer ? I dislike it most . Why ? Because the hottest season is summer in a year .
Let's play chess . I haven't played chess for a long time . That's all right , I'm a beginner . I've just learnt how to play . Look , there's a chessboard . Those two men have already finished playing .
I haven't played chess for a long time . That's all right , I'm a beginner . I've just learnt how to play . Look , there's a chessboard . Those two men have already finished playing . You're a very good player
That's all right , I'm a beginner . I've just learnt how to play . Look , there's a chessboard . Those two men have already finished playing . You're a very good player Not really , but once I won a prize .
Look , there's a chessboard . Those two men have already finished playing . You're a very good player Not really , but once I won a prize . So did I . I won a prize last week but it was a prize for beginners .
I guess I'm just a little nervous . I'm giving everything I have to invoking , and ... and what if it doesn't work out , right ? Exactly . You need to quit thinking like a loser . invoking is going to kick butt . You know how I know ?
and what if it doesn't work out , right ? Exactly . You need to quit thinking like a loser . invoking is going to kick butt . You know how I know ? How ?
Exactly . You need to quit thinking like a loser . invoking is going to kick butt . You know how I know ? How ? Because I won't let it fail .
May I help you ? Give me a Big Mac , a small order of French fries and a medium Coke . You'll need to wait a few minutes for the fries . They are still in the fryer . That's fine .
Give me a Big Mac , a small order of French fries and a medium Coke . You'll need to wait a few minutes for the fries . They are still in the fryer . That's fine . Your total comes to $ 7 .
You'll need to wait a few minutes for the fries . They are still in the fryer . That's fine . Your total comes to $ 7 . Here's a twenty . Could you give me some more napkins ?
That's fine . Your total comes to $ 7 . Here's a twenty . Could you give me some more napkins ? Sure . Your cash back is $ 13 . And we'll bring out your fries in two minutes .
Good afternoon , madam . How can I help you ? Well , I am a bit out of shape . I'm thinking about getting some exercises to keep fit . Oh , that's good news for us . So what do you provide ?
Well , I am a bit out of shape . I'm thinking about getting some exercises to keep fit . Oh , that's good news for us . So what do you provide ? First of all , we'll design a custom-made work-out plan according to your habits .
Oh , that's good news for us . So what do you provide ? First of all , we'll design a custom-made work-out plan according to your habits . How can you get that done ?
So what do you provide ? First of all , we'll design a custom-made work-out plan according to your habits . How can you get that done ? Well , we give each of our customers a personal trainer who is qualified . And he will give you a fitness assessment and then come up with the work-out plan for your needs .
First of all , we'll design a custom-made work-out plan according to your habits . How can you get that done ? Well , we give each of our customers a personal trainer who is qualified . And he will give you a fitness assessment and then come up with the work-out plan for your needs . What else ?
How can you get that done ? Well , we give each of our customers a personal trainer who is qualified . And he will give you a fitness assessment and then come up with the work-out plan for your needs . What else ? Since everyone is different , your personal trainer will find you a suitable type of exercise equipment and teach you all the techniques to help you achieve your fitness level and goal .
Well , we give each of our customers a personal trainer who is qualified . And he will give you a fitness assessment and then come up with the work-out plan for your needs . What else ? Since everyone is different , your personal trainer will find you a suitable type of exercise equipment and teach you all the techniques to help you achieve your fitness level and goal . Sounds pretty good . What about the charge ?
What else ? Since everyone is different , your personal trainer will find you a suitable type of exercise equipment and teach you all the techniques to help you achieve your fitness level and goal . Sounds pretty good . What about the charge ? That depends . We offer membership for one month , half a year and one year .
Since everyone is different , your personal trainer will find you a suitable type of exercise equipment and teach you all the techniques to help you achieve your fitness level and goal . Sounds pretty good . What about the charge ? That depends . We offer membership for one month , half a year and one year . Maybe one month . Just have a try first . Not too tough at the beginning .
May I help you , ma'ma ? Please , where do I catch the plane for New York ? First you must check in at Counter No . 4 . That one there ?
Please , where do I catch the plane for New York ? First you must check in at Counter No . 4 . That one there ? That's right . Then you will follow the signs to Gate 85 .
Hi Joe , how are you doing today ? Things are going good today . How have you been doing , Mary ? Things are going well for me , Joe . Want to go see a movie tonight ?
Things are going good today . How have you been doing , Mary ? Things are going well for me , Joe . Want to go see a movie tonight ? My parents are taking me to dinner tonight .
Things are going well for me , Joe . Want to go see a movie tonight ? My parents are taking me to dinner tonight . Could you go with me to the movies on Friday night , instead ?
Want to go see a movie tonight ? My parents are taking me to dinner tonight . Could you go with me to the movies on Friday night , instead ? What movie did you want to see ?
My parents are taking me to dinner tonight . Could you go with me to the movies on Friday night , instead ? What movie did you want to see ? There is a new horror flick about a rapist serial killer .
Could you go with me to the movies on Friday night , instead ? What movie did you want to see ? There is a new horror flick about a rapist serial killer . I was thinking that I would like to see " The Secret Life of Bees . "
Hello ! I'm sorry to bother you . This is a complimentary fruit tray . Your food will be ready soon . Wow ! It's a fruit sculpture ! Your chef is a real artist ! Actually , uh , I made it myself ... You did ? Wow ! Where did you learn ...
What game do you like ? I like board games . I like chinese chess and draughts . I ' Ve never played Chinese chess before , but I ' Ve seen old men playing it in the street . It looks complicated . It ' s about as complicated as chess . The basic rule and moves are simple enough , but there are many strategies that players need to learn .
I like board games . I like chinese chess and draughts . I ' Ve never played Chinese chess before , but I ' Ve seen old men playing it in the street . It looks complicated . It ' s about as complicated as chess . The basic rule and moves are simple enough , but there are many strategies that players need to learn . I like playing cards . I ' m pretty good at poker . Do you play cards ?
I ' Ve never played Chinese chess before , but I ' Ve seen old men playing it in the street . It looks complicated . It ' s about as complicated as chess . The basic rule and moves are simple enough , but there are many strategies that players need to learn . I like playing cards . I ' m pretty good at poker . Do you play cards ? I ' m terrible at cards and so I never play games which involve gambling , like poker . If I did , I ' d lose all my money .
It ' s about as complicated as chess . The basic rule and moves are simple enough , but there are many strategies that players need to learn . I like playing cards . I ' m pretty good at poker . Do you play cards ? I ' m terrible at cards and so I never play games which involve gambling , like poker . If I did , I ' d lose all my money . Do you play bridge ?
I like playing cards . I ' m pretty good at poker . Do you play cards ? I ' m terrible at cards and so I never play games which involve gambling , like poker . If I did , I ' d lose all my money . Do you play bridge ? Yes , I do . It ' s hard to find four players though , so I don ' t play very often . Do you know anyone who plays ? If so , we could set up a game .
I ' m terrible at cards and so I never play games which involve gambling , like poker . If I did , I ' d lose all my money . Do you play bridge ? Yes , I do . It ' s hard to find four players though , so I don ' t play very often . Do you know anyone who plays ? If so , we could set up a game . I can play quite well . I have a friend who likes playing , but she ' s not very good at it . Shall I invite her to play ?
Do you play bridge ? Yes , I do . It ' s hard to find four players though , so I don ' t play very often . Do you know anyone who plays ? If so , we could set up a game . I can play quite well . I have a friend who likes playing , but she ' s not very good at it . Shall I invite her to play ? Sure , I have a friend who play fairly well . We should find out when our friends are free and arrange a game .
Billy , you are late again . I'm sorry I'm late . I overslept . Is the manager here today ? Yes he ' s in his office . Oh , I hope he didn't notice me .
I'm sorry I'm late . I overslept . Is the manager here today ? Yes he ' s in his office . Oh , I hope he didn't notice me . Don't take any chances . It'd be best if you told him and promised not to be late again . He's already mad at you for last 2 times . Any more and he might fire you .
Yes he ' s in his office . Oh , I hope he didn't notice me . Don't take any chances . It'd be best if you told him and promised not to be late again . He's already mad at you for last 2 times . Any more and he might fire you . You said it . It won't happen again . Do you really think he'd fire me ?
Oh , I hope he didn't notice me . Don't take any chances . It'd be best if you told him and promised not to be late again . He's already mad at you for last 2 times . Any more and he might fire you . You said it . It won't happen again . Do you really think he'd fire me ? I think he might . You'd better go to his office .
Don't take any chances . It'd be best if you told him and promised not to be late again . He's already mad at you for last 2 times . Any more and he might fire you . You said it . It won't happen again . Do you really think he'd fire me ? I think he might . You'd better go to his office . You are probably right . I'll go right now and apologize . I try hard not to be late but it is difficult with Beijing traffic .
What's wrong with you , young man ? Doctor , I have a bad cough and a headache . Do you have a fever ? I don't know , but I feel terrible .
Doctor , I have a bad cough and a headache . Do you have a fever ? I don't know , but I feel terrible . Let me examine you . Don't worry . It's nothing serious .
Do you have a fever ? I don't know , but I feel terrible . Let me examine you . Don't worry . It's nothing serious . Do you think I should lie in bed ?
I don't know , but I feel terrible . Let me examine you . Don't worry . It's nothing serious . Do you think I should lie in bed ? Yes , stay in bed and drink a lot of water . Your fever will be gone in a day or two .
Let me examine you . Don't worry . It's nothing serious . Do you think I should lie in bed ? Yes , stay in bed and drink a lot of water . Your fever will be gone in a day or two . OK . Do you think I can play football tomorrow ?
Do you think I should lie in bed ? Yes , stay in bed and drink a lot of water . Your fever will be gone in a day or two . OK . Do you think I can play football tomorrow ? Of course not . You need a good rest .
Look , how grand magnificent the Tiananmen Gate tour is ! What's Tiananmen famous for ? It is largest pop square in the world . you see that is monument for the people's hero , and the Chairman Mao memorial hall on the south . there is great hall of the people on the west . there are two museums on the east . What's that ?
What's Tiananmen famous for ? It is largest pop square in the world . you see that is monument for the people's hero , and the Chairman Mao memorial hall on the south . there is great hall of the people on the west . there are two museums on the east . What's that ? That's the Forbidden city on the north of Gate building .
Excuse me , waiter , I would like to have some wine before the main course . Have you decided what wine you would like ? I have no idea . Maybe you can give me some advice . I recommend you the white wine . It will wake up your appetite .
I'm going to go shopping for groceries in a little bit . Why , do we need groceries ? I believe we are all out of food . Do you know what to get ?
Why , do we need groceries ? I believe we are all out of food . Do you know what to get ? I don't know what we need .
I believe we are all out of food . Do you know what to get ? I don't know what we need . Why don't you go and check the refrigerator ?
Do you know what to get ? I don't know what we need . Why don't you go and check the refrigerator ? I would appreciate it if you would do that for me .
I don't know what we need . Why don't you go and check the refrigerator ? I would appreciate it if you would do that for me . Why don't you just get the basics ?
Why don't you go and check the refrigerator ? I would appreciate it if you would do that for me . Why don't you just get the basics ? What do you mean ?
I would appreciate it if you would do that for me . Why don't you just get the basics ? What do you mean ? Eggs , milk , bread . Things like that .
Why don't you just get the basics ? What do you mean ? Eggs , milk , bread . Things like that . Go make that list .
Nice to meet you here . How come you dropped into this company today ? My boss sent me here to take some business documents back to his office . I didn't know you were working here . What a surprise . How long have you been doing this ? Two years or so . That is great . Do you have to work the night shift ?
My boss sent me here to take some business documents back to his office . I didn't know you were working here . What a surprise . How long have you been doing this ? Two years or so . That is great . Do you have to work the night shift ? No , in most cases I don't have to unless there is something urgent to deal with . I work five days a week .
Two years or so . That is great . Do you have to work the night shift ? No , in most cases I don't have to unless there is something urgent to deal with . I work five days a week . Do you enjoy work here ?
That is great . Do you have to work the night shift ? No , in most cases I don't have to unless there is something urgent to deal with . I work five days a week . Do you enjoy work here ? It is hard to say . But I've to start by working as a trainee before I really become an experienced marketing assistant . Sometimes , I am really under great pressure when it gets busy .
No , in most cases I don't have to unless there is something urgent to deal with . I work five days a week . Do you enjoy work here ? It is hard to say . But I've to start by working as a trainee before I really become an experienced marketing assistant . Sometimes , I am really under great pressure when it gets busy . Take it easy . I'm sure you will gain enough experience while working as a marketing assistant . I hope you haven't been given much trouble in the job .
Do you enjoy work here ? It is hard to say . But I've to start by working as a trainee before I really become an experienced marketing assistant . Sometimes , I am really under great pressure when it gets busy . Take it easy . I'm sure you will gain enough experience while working as a marketing assistant . I hope you haven't been given much trouble in the job . Luckily not . The silent I meet are generally very friendly and have a good boss .
Listen , Karen , I need your help . I don't know anyone here yet . I'm glad to help you . What's wrong ? My mother-in-law just went into the hospital in L . A . Hank and I will be flying there tonight . I'm sorry to hear it . What's wrong with her ?
I'm glad to help you . What's wrong ? My mother-in-law just went into the hospital in L . A . Hank and I will be flying there tonight . I'm sorry to hear it . What's wrong with her ? Doctors aren't sure yet . But the real problem is Suzy . She has a bad cold , and we don't want to take her with us . But we don't know who can stay with her .
My mother-in-law just went into the hospital in L . A . Hank and I will be flying there tonight . I'm sorry to hear it . What's wrong with her ? Doctors aren't sure yet . But the real problem is Suzy . She has a bad cold , and we don't want to take her with us . But we don't know who can stay with her . You need a babysitter .
I'm sorry to hear it . What's wrong with her ? Doctors aren't sure yet . But the real problem is Suzy . She has a bad cold , and we don't want to take her with us . But we don't know who can stay with her . You need a babysitter . Yes , I'd ask Jill , the girl I've had before , but I need someone overnight . Maybe even for two nights .
Doctors aren't sure yet . But the real problem is Suzy . She has a bad cold , and we don't want to take her with us . But we don't know who can stay with her . You need a babysitter . Yes , I'd ask Jill , the girl I've had before , but I need someone overnight . Maybe even for two nights . I could have Suzy stay at my place .
You need a babysitter . Yes , I'd ask Jill , the girl I've had before , but I need someone overnight . Maybe even for two nights . I could have Suzy stay at my place . I don't want to do that to you , Karen .
Yes , I'd ask Jill , the girl I've had before , but I need someone overnight . Maybe even for two nights . I could have Suzy stay at my place . I don't want to do that to you , Karen . Why not ?
I could have Suzy stay at my place . I don't want to do that to you , Karen . Why not ? Your own kids would get Suzy's cold . I think it would be better to have a good babysitter here . But I don't know who to ask . I need someone more mature than Jill . It might even be for two or three days .
I don't want to do that to you , Karen . Why not ? Your own kids would get Suzy's cold . I think it would be better to have a good babysitter here . But I don't know who to ask . I need someone more mature than Jill . It might even be for two or three days . I know who we can ask . There is a girl I know , Sara Ralston . She is 17 , and she will usually take this kind of job . I know her from my church , and I trust her completely .
Why not ? Your own kids would get Suzy's cold . I think it would be better to have a good babysitter here . But I don't know who to ask . I need someone more mature than Jill . It might even be for two or three days . I know who we can ask . There is a girl I know , Sara Ralston . She is 17 , and she will usually take this kind of job . I know her from my church , and I trust her completely . I'd like to talk with her . This is short notice , I know . But Hank and I are leaving tonight .
Your own kids would get Suzy's cold . I think it would be better to have a good babysitter here . But I don't know who to ask . I need someone more mature than Jill . It might even be for two or three days . I know who we can ask . There is a girl I know , Sara Ralston . She is 17 , and she will usually take this kind of job . I know her from my church , and I trust her completely . I'd like to talk with her . This is short notice , I know . But Hank and I are leaving tonight . I'll get you her number . I hope she can do it . She is very responsible .
I know who we can ask . There is a girl I know , Sara Ralston . She is 17 , and she will usually take this kind of job . I know her from my church , and I trust her completely . I'd like to talk with her . This is short notice , I know . But Hank and I are leaving tonight . I'll get you her number . I hope she can do it . She is very responsible . I'm glad you know someone . I knew you would be the best person to ask about this . I don't want to insult Jill or her mother . I think Jill maybe could do it . But I'd rather have someone a little older .
I'd like to talk with her . This is short notice , I know . But Hank and I are leaving tonight . I'll get you her number . I hope she can do it . She is very responsible . I'm glad you know someone . I knew you would be the best person to ask about this . I don't want to insult Jill or her mother . I think Jill maybe could do it . But I'd rather have someone a little older . I'll go home and get Sara's number . I'll call her first myself .
The plumbing in my new apartment is not working . I need you to tell me what the problem is . The bathroom sink is stopped up . Is the kitchen plumbing messed up also , or just the bathroom plumbing ?
I need you to tell me what the problem is . The bathroom sink is stopped up . Is the kitchen plumbing messed up also , or just the bathroom plumbing ? Just the bathroom plumbing seems to have a problem .
The bathroom sink is stopped up . Is the kitchen plumbing messed up also , or just the bathroom plumbing ? Just the bathroom plumbing seems to have a problem . Did this just start happening , or has it been going on for a while ?
Is the kitchen plumbing messed up also , or just the bathroom plumbing ? Just the bathroom plumbing seems to have a problem . Did this just start happening , or has it been going on for a while ? Everything worked beautifully until a few hours ago .
Just the bathroom plumbing seems to have a problem . Did this just start happening , or has it been going on for a while ? Everything worked beautifully until a few hours ago . Are you going to be home so I can come by and take a look at the problem ?
Did this just start happening , or has it been going on for a while ? Everything worked beautifully until a few hours ago . Are you going to be home so I can come by and take a look at the problem ? I am not sure if I will be home later .
Who are those guys ? Kobe Bryant and Shaquille O ' Neal , they are the Los Angeles Lakers ' star players . Oh . Wait a second . He shoots , he scores !
Kobe Bryant and Shaquille O ' Neal , they are the Los Angeles Lakers ' star players . Oh . Wait a second . He shoots , he scores ! All right !
Oh . Wait a second . He shoots , he scores ! All right ! Here comes Jordan , though .
Wait a second . He shoots , he scores ! All right ! Here comes Jordan , though . Wow , Michael Jordan ' s slam-dunks are beautiful things to watch .
All right ! Here comes Jordan , though . Wow , Michael Jordan ' s slam-dunks are beautiful things to watch . Yeah . He ' s older , so he doesn ' t slam as much as he did when he was younger , but when he does , it ' s still amazing .
Here comes Jordan , though . Wow , Michael Jordan ' s slam-dunks are beautiful things to watch . Yeah . He ' s older , so he doesn ' t slam as much as he did when he was younger , but when he does , it ' s still amazing . Which team do you think will win ?
I don't believe we've met . No , I don't think we have . My name is Gao Run . How do you do ? My name is James Green .
No , I don't think we have . My name is Gao Run . How do you do ? My name is James Green . Here's my name card .
My name is Gao Run . How do you do ? My name is James Green . Here's my name card . And here's mine .
How do you do ? My name is James Green . Here's my name card . And here's mine . It's nice to finally meet you .
House keeping . May I come in ? Come in please . Good evening , sir . I come to make the bed . Shall I do it now or later ? Well , since you have come , do it now please ?
Come in please . Good evening , sir . I come to make the bed . Shall I do it now or later ? Well , since you have come , do it now please ? That's all . Have a nice stay here .
Good evening , sir . I come to make the bed . Shall I do it now or later ? Well , since you have come , do it now please ? That's all . Have a nice stay here . Thank you . Please get some soap for us .
Look , that bamboo groves are flourishing . Let's go and play there . Wait ! Look at that board , what's on it ? ' Please don't enter the bamboo groves . ' We're not allowed to go in . Then we'd better not go .
Did you set your clock forward for daylight savings time ? What ? Why do we have to do that ? Well , at the start of the spring we usually have more daylight in the mornings and less in the afternoon . This is basically due to our position on the planet and the rotation of the earth . In any case , to take better advantage of the daylight available , we compensate by moving our clocks forward one hour . I see . That ' s convenient ! I never understood things like this , such as GMT . I never know what time zone we are in or when to change my clock !
What ? Why do we have to do that ? Well , at the start of the spring we usually have more daylight in the mornings and less in the afternoon . This is basically due to our position on the planet and the rotation of the earth . In any case , to take better advantage of the daylight available , we compensate by moving our clocks forward one hour . I see . That ' s convenient ! I never understood things like this , such as GMT . I never know what time zone we are in or when to change my clock ! That just stands for Greenwich Mean Time . Here in California , we are in Pacific Standard Time , that is eight time zones west of Greenwich . Remember when we were in Beijing ? Well , then we were in China Standard Time , and that ' s eight time zones east of Greenwich !
Hello . This is Mrs . Wilson . I'd like to buy a new car . Could you offer me a new type of the car , please ? Oh , Madam , buy what ? A new car . And I've got a small family , two children , and I haven't got a lot of money and ... Oh , oh , Madam , Madam , I'm afraid you have the wrong number . Isn't this the car store ?
Oh , Madam , buy what ? A new car . And I've got a small family , two children , and I haven't got a lot of money and ... Oh , oh , Madam , Madam , I'm afraid you have the wrong number . Isn't this the car store ? No . It's Mike's Sporting Goods .
A new car . And I've got a small family , two children , and I haven't got a lot of money and ... Oh , oh , Madam , Madam , I'm afraid you have the wrong number . Isn't this the car store ? No . It's Mike's Sporting Goods . Oh , sorry . Do you know the number for a car store , then ?
Oh , oh , Madam , Madam , I'm afraid you have the wrong number . Isn't this the car store ? No . It's Mike's Sporting Goods . Oh , sorry . Do you know the number for a car store , then ? No . I don't . I suggest you look in the phone book .
Isn't this the car store ? No . It's Mike's Sporting Goods . Oh , sorry . Do you know the number for a car store , then ? No . I don't . I suggest you look in the phone book . I'm sorry to have bothered you .
I was wondering if you could help me with something . Sure , anything you say . Actually , it ' s a little bit silly . Don ' t worry about it , just ask . What words do I need to know to buy a pair of shoes ?
Sure , anything you say . Actually , it ' s a little bit silly . Don ' t worry about it , just ask . What words do I need to know to buy a pair of shoes ? You need to know the type of shoes you want .
Actually , it ' s a little bit silly . Don ' t worry about it , just ask . What words do I need to know to buy a pair of shoes ? You need to know the type of shoes you want . Don ' t worry about that . I can point it out in the store .
Don ' t worry about it , just ask . What words do I need to know to buy a pair of shoes ? You need to know the type of shoes you want . Don ' t worry about that . I can point it out in the store . The shoes can be comfortable or not comfortable , too wide , too narrow , or just right ; and long or short . In girls shoes , the heel can be high or low .
Why'd you pull me over ? Are you aware that you drove through a red light ? I ran a red light ? Yes , you did . I apologize , but I didn't realize that I did .
Are you aware that you drove through a red light ? I ran a red light ? Yes , you did . I apologize , but I didn't realize that I did . Weren't you taught that yellow means slow down , not speed up ?
I ran a red light ? Yes , you did . I apologize , but I didn't realize that I did . Weren't you taught that yellow means slow down , not speed up ? I did learn that .
Yes , you did . I apologize , but I didn't realize that I did . Weren't you taught that yellow means slow down , not speed up ? I did learn that . So , then why did you speed up ?
I apologize , but I didn't realize that I did . Weren't you taught that yellow means slow down , not speed up ? I did learn that . So , then why did you speed up ? I don't know what to tell you .
Weren't you taught that yellow means slow down , not speed up ? I did learn that . So , then why did you speed up ? I don't know what to tell you . I'm going to have to write you a ticket .
I did learn that . So , then why did you speed up ? I don't know what to tell you . I'm going to have to write you a ticket . I understand .
Can you tell me where the pots and pans are ? Pots and pans are right over there . Oh , thank you . Could I interest you in our store credit card ? No , thanks . I already have credit cards .
Pots and pans are right over there . Oh , thank you . Could I interest you in our store credit card ? No , thanks . I already have credit cards . But our credit card saves you 10 percent .
Oh , thank you . Could I interest you in our store credit card ? No , thanks . I already have credit cards . But our credit card saves you 10 percent . That's a nice discount .
Could I interest you in our store credit card ? No , thanks . I already have credit cards . But our credit card saves you 10 percent . That's a nice discount . Here . Let me give you an application form .
No , thanks . I already have credit cards . But our credit card saves you 10 percent . That's a nice discount . Here . Let me give you an application form . Thank you , but I'm just browsing today .
Excuse me . I have an appointment with Mr . Li at nine . May I come in ? Yes , come in please . I am Mr . Li . You must be My Liu , right ? Yes , I am My Liu . Thanks . I'd like to start this interview with some questions . Why do you think you are qualified for this position ? According to your advertisement , you want an experienced software engineer . I think my background meets the requirement of this position .
Yes , come in please . I am Mr . Li . You must be My Liu , right ? Yes , I am My Liu . Thanks . I'd like to start this interview with some questions . Why do you think you are qualified for this position ? According to your advertisement , you want an experienced software engineer . I think my background meets the requirement of this position . Then tell me something about your background .
Yes , I am My Liu . Thanks . I'd like to start this interview with some questions . Why do you think you are qualified for this position ? According to your advertisement , you want an experienced software engineer . I think my background meets the requirement of this position . Then tell me something about your background . My major was computer science when I was at college , and I am quite familiar with Visual C + + and Java language .
I'd like to start this interview with some questions . Why do you think you are qualified for this position ? According to your advertisement , you want an experienced software engineer . I think my background meets the requirement of this position . Then tell me something about your background . My major was computer science when I was at college , and I am quite familiar with Visual C + + and Java language . Well , what do you think about the development in computers ?
According to your advertisement , you want an experienced software engineer . I think my background meets the requirement of this position . Then tell me something about your background . My major was computer science when I was at college , and I am quite familiar with Visual C + + and Java language . Well , what do you think about the development in computers ? The developments in software are going ahead very quickly and more and more problems are resolved by software . In some regions , the hardware is completely replaced by software . So I think the software industry has a great future .
Then tell me something about your background . My major was computer science when I was at college , and I am quite familiar with Visual C + + and Java language . Well , what do you think about the development in computers ? The developments in software are going ahead very quickly and more and more problems are resolved by software . In some regions , the hardware is completely replaced by software . So I think the software industry has a great future . Have you ever designed any programs concerning network ?
My major was computer science when I was at college , and I am quite familiar with Visual C + + and Java language . Well , what do you think about the development in computers ? The developments in software are going ahead very quickly and more and more problems are resolved by software . In some regions , the hardware is completely replaced by software . So I think the software industry has a great future . Have you ever designed any programs concerning network ? Yes , I have designed some programs for the network with Visual C + + and I have passed the test for programmers - MUSE .
Well , what do you think about the development in computers ? The developments in software are going ahead very quickly and more and more problems are resolved by software . In some regions , the hardware is completely replaced by software . So I think the software industry has a great future . Have you ever designed any programs concerning network ? Yes , I have designed some programs for the network with Visual C + + and I have passed the test for programmers - MUSE . Have you got anything to ask me ?
The developments in software are going ahead very quickly and more and more problems are resolved by software . In some regions , the hardware is completely replaced by software . So I think the software industry has a great future . Have you ever designed any programs concerning network ? Yes , I have designed some programs for the network with Visual C + + and I have passed the test for programmers - MUSE . Have you got anything to ask me ? Yes , can you tell me what's my responsibility in this position ?
Have you ever designed any programs concerning network ? Yes , I have designed some programs for the network with Visual C + + and I have passed the test for programmers - MUSE . Have you got anything to ask me ? Yes , can you tell me what's my responsibility in this position ? Yes , of course . You would be responsible for the development of software products .
Yes , I have designed some programs for the network with Visual C + + and I have passed the test for programmers - MUSE . Have you got anything to ask me ? Yes , can you tell me what's my responsibility in this position ? Yes , of course . You would be responsible for the development of software products . I see . This is my advantage .
Have you got anything to ask me ? Yes , can you tell me what's my responsibility in this position ? Yes , of course . You would be responsible for the development of software products . I see . This is my advantage . Good . Have you got any other questions ?
Yes , can you tell me what's my responsibility in this position ? Yes , of course . You would be responsible for the development of software products . I see . This is my advantage . Good . Have you got any other questions ? No .
Yes , of course . You would be responsible for the development of software products . I see . This is my advantage . Good . Have you got any other questions ? No . Ok , I will contact you in a week . See you .
I need to stop eating such unhealthy foods . I know what you mean . I've started eating better myself . What foods do you eat now ? I tend to stick to fruits , vegetables , and chicken . Those are the only things you eat ?
I know what you mean . I've started eating better myself . What foods do you eat now ? I tend to stick to fruits , vegetables , and chicken . Those are the only things you eat ? That's basically what I eat .
What foods do you eat now ? I tend to stick to fruits , vegetables , and chicken . Those are the only things you eat ? That's basically what I eat . Why aren't you eating anything else ?
I tend to stick to fruits , vegetables , and chicken . Those are the only things you eat ? That's basically what I eat . Why aren't you eating anything else ? Well , fruits and vegetables are very healthy .
Those are the only things you eat ? That's basically what I eat . Why aren't you eating anything else ? Well , fruits and vegetables are very healthy . And the chicken ?
That's basically what I eat . Why aren't you eating anything else ? Well , fruits and vegetables are very healthy . And the chicken ? It's really healthy to eat when you bake it .
Good morning . May I help you ? Yes , I'd like to check out now . My name's Adams , room 312 . Here's the key . One moment , please , sir . ... Here's your bill . Would you like to check and see if the amount is correct ? What's the 14 pounds for ? That's for the phone calls you made from your room .
Yes , I'd like to check out now . My name's Adams , room 312 . Here's the key . One moment , please , sir . ... Here's your bill . Would you like to check and see if the amount is correct ? What's the 14 pounds for ? That's for the phone calls you made from your room . Can I pay with traveller's cheques ?
One moment , please , sir . ... Here's your bill . Would you like to check and see if the amount is correct ? What's the 14 pounds for ? That's for the phone calls you made from your room . Can I pay with traveller's cheques ? Certainly . May I have your passport , please ?
What's the 14 pounds for ? That's for the phone calls you made from your room . Can I pay with traveller's cheques ? Certainly . May I have your passport , please ? Here you are .
That's for the phone calls you made from your room . Can I pay with traveller's cheques ? Certainly . May I have your passport , please ? Here you are . Could you sign each cheque here for me ?
Can I pay with traveller's cheques ? Certainly . May I have your passport , please ? Here you are . Could you sign each cheque here for me ? Sure .
Certainly . May I have your passport , please ? Here you are . Could you sign each cheque here for me ? Sure . Here are your receipt and your change , sir . Thank you .
Hello , ma ' am , can I help you find something ? Yes , actually I ' m looking to buy a camera . We ' Ve got a wide selection do you know if you ' d like a point-and-shoot , or something a little fancier ? Are you shopping for yourself or for someone else ? Actually I ' m buying a camera for my husband . Ah , well then I ' d recommend a nice entry-level digital SLR .
Yes , actually I ' m looking to buy a camera . We ' Ve got a wide selection do you know if you ' d like a point-and-shoot , or something a little fancier ? Are you shopping for yourself or for someone else ? Actually I ' m buying a camera for my husband . Ah , well then I ' d recommend a nice entry-level digital SLR . Yeah ? Can I take a look at the Sirs you carry ?
We ' Ve got a wide selection do you know if you ' d like a point-and-shoot , or something a little fancier ? Are you shopping for yourself or for someone else ? Actually I ' m buying a camera for my husband . Ah , well then I ' d recommend a nice entry-level digital SLR . Yeah ? Can I take a look at the Sirs you carry ? Sure thing , follow me . This here is the .
Actually I ' m buying a camera for my husband . Ah , well then I ' d recommend a nice entry-level digital SLR . Yeah ? Can I take a look at the Sirs you carry ? Sure thing , follow me . This here is the . The Canon Eos . Yeah it ' s ok , but I ' m looking for something that performs better in low light , has a better display panel , and longer battery life .
Ah , well then I ' d recommend a nice entry-level digital SLR . Yeah ? Can I take a look at the Sirs you carry ? Sure thing , follow me . This here is the . The Canon Eos . Yeah it ' s ok , but I ' m looking for something that performs better in low light , has a better display panel , and longer battery life . Oh , ah , um the Nikon D60 is a nice option .
Yeah ? Can I take a look at the Sirs you carry ? Sure thing , follow me . This here is the . The Canon Eos . Yeah it ' s ok , but I ' m looking for something that performs better in low light , has a better display panel , and longer battery life . Oh , ah , um the Nikon D60 is a nice option . Yeah , but what kit lens does this camera come with ? I don ' t want some bulky telephoto lens .
Sure thing , follow me . This here is the . The Canon Eos . Yeah it ' s ok , but I ' m looking for something that performs better in low light , has a better display panel , and longer battery life . Oh , ah , um the Nikon D60 is a nice option . Yeah , but what kit lens does this camera come with ? I don ' t want some bulky telephoto lens . Oh , well this one has the , uh .
The Canon Eos . Yeah it ' s ok , but I ' m looking for something that performs better in low light , has a better display panel , and longer battery life . Oh , ah , um the Nikon D60 is a nice option . Yeah , but what kit lens does this camera come with ? I don ' t want some bulky telephoto lens . Oh , well this one has the , uh . Looks to me like an 18-55 mm lens . pretty standard , that will do . Not like my husband will be stalking celebrities or anything !
Oh , ah , um the Nikon D60 is a nice option . Yeah , but what kit lens does this camera come with ? I don ' t want some bulky telephoto lens . Oh , well this one has the , uh . Looks to me like an 18-55 mm lens . pretty standard , that will do . Not like my husband will be stalking celebrities or anything ! So , ahem , can I interest you in any acc ...
Yeah , but what kit lens does this camera come with ? I don ' t want some bulky telephoto lens . Oh , well this one has the , uh . Looks to me like an 18-55 mm lens . pretty standard , that will do . Not like my husband will be stalking celebrities or anything ! So , ahem , can I interest you in any acc ... Accessories ? Do you carry polarizing filters ?
Oh , well this one has the , uh . Looks to me like an 18-55 mm lens . pretty standard , that will do . Not like my husband will be stalking celebrities or anything ! So , ahem , can I interest you in any acc ... Accessories ? Do you carry polarizing filters ? Polarizing filter um we should ! I ' m sorry , ma ' am . It looks like we ' re sold out .
Looks to me like an 18-55 mm lens . pretty standard , that will do . Not like my husband will be stalking celebrities or anything ! So , ahem , can I interest you in any acc ... Accessories ? Do you carry polarizing filters ? Polarizing filter um we should ! I ' m sorry , ma ' am . It looks like we ' re sold out . No you ' re not ! There are some right here !
So , ahem , can I interest you in any acc ... Accessories ? Do you carry polarizing filters ? Polarizing filter um we should ! I ' m sorry , ma ' am . It looks like we ' re sold out . No you ' re not ! There are some right here ! Oh , well , would you look at that ! Polarizing filters .
Accessories ? Do you carry polarizing filters ? Polarizing filter um we should ! I ' m sorry , ma ' am . It looks like we ' re sold out . No you ' re not ! There are some right here ! Oh , well , would you look at that ! Polarizing filters . Thanks for your help , Ralph !
How's the bride-to-be ? Tired and stressed . This wedding is giving me a headache . Just relax . With me as your maid of honor , everything will be fine ! I'm worried that everything will be chaotic ! Hey ! I'm the tour guide . I'll take care of the Taiwanese guests .
Tired and stressed . This wedding is giving me a headache . Just relax . With me as your maid of honor , everything will be fine ! I'm worried that everything will be chaotic ! Hey ! I'm the tour guide . I'll take care of the Taiwanese guests . You're going to have to tell them what to do in church , what everything means ...
Honey , I have something important to say . Something important ? Yes . I have just booked two tickets . Tickets ? What tickets ? Two air tickets .
Something important ? Yes . I have just booked two tickets . Tickets ? What tickets ? Two air tickets . Air tickets ?
Yes . I have just booked two tickets . Tickets ? What tickets ? Two air tickets . Air tickets ? Yes . We will fly to Paris the day after tomorrow .
Tickets ? What tickets ? Two air tickets . Air tickets ? Yes . We will fly to Paris the day after tomorrow . We ? The day after tomorrow ? What are you talking about ?
Two air tickets . Air tickets ? Yes . We will fly to Paris the day after tomorrow . We ? The day after tomorrow ? What are you talking about ? Today is June 18 , isn ' t it ?
Air tickets ? Yes . We will fly to Paris the day after tomorrow . We ? The day after tomorrow ? What are you talking about ? Today is June 18 , isn ' t it ? Yes . So ?
Yes . We will fly to Paris the day after tomorrow . We ? The day after tomorrow ? What are you talking about ? Today is June 18 , isn ' t it ? Yes . So ? Think about it !
We ? The day after tomorrow ? What are you talking about ? Today is June 18 , isn ' t it ? Yes . So ? Think about it ! Then it is June 20 the day after tomorrow .
Today is June 18 , isn ' t it ? Yes . So ? Think about it ! Then it is June 20 the day after tomorrow . Yes . Think about it carefully .
Yes . So ? Think about it ! Then it is June 20 the day after tomorrow . Yes . Think about it carefully . Oh , come on . Tell me please . Why did you book tickets to Paris ?
Think about it ! Then it is June 20 the day after tomorrow . Yes . Think about it carefully . Oh , come on . Tell me please . Why did you book tickets to Paris ? Oh , honey ! Don ' t you remember this important day to us ?
Then it is June 20 the day after tomorrow . Yes . Think about it carefully . Oh , come on . Tell me please . Why did you book tickets to Paris ? Oh , honey ! Don ' t you remember this important day to us ? Sorry .
Yes . Think about it carefully . Oh , come on . Tell me please . Why did you book tickets to Paris ? Oh , honey ! Don ' t you remember this important day to us ? Sorry . It is our 10th wedding anniversary this June 20 .
Oh , come on . Tell me please . Why did you book tickets to Paris ? Oh , honey ! Don ' t you remember this important day to us ? Sorry . It is our 10th wedding anniversary this June 20 . Our 10th wedding anniversary ?
Oh , honey ! Don ' t you remember this important day to us ? Sorry . It is our 10th wedding anniversary this June 20 . Our 10th wedding anniversary ? Of course . You completely forgot it .
Sorry . It is our 10th wedding anniversary this June 20 . Our 10th wedding anniversary ? Of course . You completely forgot it . Darling . I think you have made a mistake .
It is our 10th wedding anniversary this June 20 . Our 10th wedding anniversary ? Of course . You completely forgot it . Darling . I think you have made a mistake . I have made a mistake ?
Our 10th wedding anniversary ? Of course . You completely forgot it . Darling . I think you have made a mistake . I have made a mistake ? Yes . We married on July 20 ten years ago .
Of course . You completely forgot it . Darling . I think you have made a mistake . I have made a mistake ? Yes . We married on July 20 ten years ago . July 20 ? But I think it should be June 20 .
Darling . I think you have made a mistake . I have made a mistake ? Yes . We married on July 20 ten years ago . July 20 ? But I think it should be June 20 . Yes . We had planned to marry on June 20 , but something happened , so we had to put off our wedding day .
I have made a mistake ? Yes . We married on July 20 ten years ago . July 20 ? But I think it should be June 20 . Yes . We had planned to marry on June 20 , but something happened , so we had to put off our wedding day . Yes . I remember now . We put it off . I did make a mistake . But how shall we deal with the tickets ?
It's quit a big cafeteria , isn't it ? Sure . I usually have my lunch here . The food is tasty and they offer a big variety . Let's line up . The steak is very inviting . I'll have it . I'll have ham and egg with French fries . What dessert do you want ? Banana pie .
Sure . I usually have my lunch here . The food is tasty and they offer a big variety . Let's line up . The steak is very inviting . I'll have it . I'll have ham and egg with French fries . What dessert do you want ? Banana pie . Where shall we sit ?
Good afternoon . Can I help you ? I need some remedies for an upset stomach . Are you also suffering from pain and fever ? Yes , and I also have the runs I'll give you some tablets that should make you feel better . One moment , please . Here you are . Take these tablets three times a day swallow them with water .
I need some remedies for an upset stomach . Are you also suffering from pain and fever ? Yes , and I also have the runs I'll give you some tablets that should make you feel better . One moment , please . Here you are . Take these tablets three times a day swallow them with water . When should I take them ?
Are you also suffering from pain and fever ? Yes , and I also have the runs I'll give you some tablets that should make you feel better . One moment , please . Here you are . Take these tablets three times a day swallow them with water . When should I take them ? Take on after each meal .
Yes , and I also have the runs I'll give you some tablets that should make you feel better . One moment , please . Here you are . Take these tablets three times a day swallow them with water . When should I take them ? Take on after each meal . How long should I continue taking them ?
I'll give you some tablets that should make you feel better . One moment , please . Here you are . Take these tablets three times a day swallow them with water . When should I take them ? Take on after each meal . How long should I continue taking them ? Take them for two days . If your symptoms persist for more than two days , you should see a doctor Also , be sure to drink plenty of water to prevent dehydration .
Hi , Dan . What's new ? Where have you been ? I've been trying to get in touch with you for two days . I went to Salt Lake City on business . What's up ? I got fired . How come ? Last time I saw you . You told me it was a good job , and you'd like to take it as a career . That was only one month ago . Why this sudden change ?
Where have you been ? I've been trying to get in touch with you for two days . I went to Salt Lake City on business . What's up ? I got fired . How come ? Last time I saw you . You told me it was a good job , and you'd like to take it as a career . That was only one month ago . Why this sudden change ? It's a long story . In a word , I didn't do a good job of it . I messed up a business deal , a deal that would have made ten million dollars and I messed it up .
I went to Salt Lake City on business . What's up ? I got fired . How come ? Last time I saw you . You told me it was a good job , and you'd like to take it as a career . That was only one month ago . Why this sudden change ? It's a long story . In a word , I didn't do a good job of it . I messed up a business deal , a deal that would have made ten million dollars and I messed it up . What are you going to do now ?
I got fired . How come ? Last time I saw you . You told me it was a good job , and you'd like to take it as a career . That was only one month ago . Why this sudden change ? It's a long story . In a word , I didn't do a good job of it . I messed up a business deal , a deal that would have made ten million dollars and I messed it up . What are you going to do now ? I am trying to find a job asap . Lily doesn't know yet . I didn't tell her . I spent the past three days at the coffee shop next to your office , and she thought I went to work as usual .
How come ? Last time I saw you . You told me it was a good job , and you'd like to take it as a career . That was only one month ago . Why this sudden change ? It's a long story . In a word , I didn't do a good job of it . I messed up a business deal , a deal that would have made ten million dollars and I messed it up . What are you going to do now ? I am trying to find a job asap . Lily doesn't know yet . I didn't tell her . I spent the past three days at the coffee shop next to your office , and she thought I went to work as usual . That's not the way to solve the problem . Did you look in the classified advertisements column ?
It's a long story . In a word , I didn't do a good job of it . I messed up a business deal , a deal that would have made ten million dollars and I messed it up . What are you going to do now ? I am trying to find a job asap . Lily doesn't know yet . I didn't tell her . I spent the past three days at the coffee shop next to your office , and she thought I went to work as usual . That's not the way to solve the problem . Did you look in the classified advertisements column ? Yes , I did . But I wasn't qualified for most of the jobs that I was interested in .
What are you going to do now ? I am trying to find a job asap . Lily doesn't know yet . I didn't tell her . I spent the past three days at the coffee shop next to your office , and she thought I went to work as usual . That's not the way to solve the problem . Did you look in the classified advertisements column ? Yes , I did . But I wasn't qualified for most of the jobs that I was interested in . Listen . I will see what I can do , ok ? You go home and tell Lily about this problem you have now . She is your wife and I am sure she will understand .
Excuse me , does this bus go to the new bookstore ? No , you'll have to get off at the bank , and take a No . 50 . Thank you . How much is the fare to that stop ? One dollar . How many stops are there ?
No , you'll have to get off at the bank , and take a No . 50 . Thank you . How much is the fare to that stop ? One dollar . How many stops are there ? Two stops after this one .
Thank you . How much is the fare to that stop ? One dollar . How many stops are there ? Two stops after this one . Could you please tell me when we get there ?
One dollar . How many stops are there ? Two stops after this one . Could you please tell me when we get there ? Sure .
How many stops are there ? Two stops after this one . Could you please tell me when we get there ? Sure . By the way , do I need a transfer again after No . 50 ?
Two stops after this one . Could you please tell me when we get there ? Sure . By the way , do I need a transfer again after No . 50 ? No , a No . 50 will take you right there .
I will take it . How much ? $ 60 . I am sure you can do better than that . Sorry , sir . It's the sale price . Well , what about $ 70 with a scarf ?
We have made some adjustment on the prices . And this is renewed price list . Thank you for allowing us 3 % reduction , but still we find your price is on the high side . This is our rock-bottom price , and we can't make any further reduction . If so , we find it difficult for us to go on with our talks . Then what ' s your counter-offer ?
Thank you for allowing us 3 % reduction , but still we find your price is on the high side . This is our rock-bottom price , and we can't make any further reduction . If so , we find it difficult for us to go on with our talks . Then what ' s your counter-offer ? This is our counter-offer .
This is our rock-bottom price , and we can't make any further reduction . If so , we find it difficult for us to go on with our talks . Then what ' s your counter-offer ? This is our counter-offer . We are sincere to make business with you , but the difference between your counter-offer and our price is too great .
If so , we find it difficult for us to go on with our talks . Then what ' s your counter-offer ? This is our counter-offer . We are sincere to make business with you , but the difference between your counter-offer and our price is too great . So are we . Our counter-offer is in line with the world market .
Then what ' s your counter-offer ? This is our counter-offer . We are sincere to make business with you , but the difference between your counter-offer and our price is too great . So are we . Our counter-offer is in line with the world market . How about meeting each other half-way in order to conclude the business ?
Hello , sir , what can I do for you today ? Hello , I need a new suit . I have an important interview next week , so I really need to look sharp . No problem ! We have a broad selection of suits , all tailored made so that it will fit perfectly . Great ! I want a three piece suit , preferably made from Italian cashmere or wool . Very well sir . Would you like to have some shirts made also ?
Hello , I need a new suit . I have an important interview next week , so I really need to look sharp . No problem ! We have a broad selection of suits , all tailored made so that it will fit perfectly . Great ! I want a three piece suit , preferably made from Italian cashmere or wool . Very well sir . Would you like to have some shirts made also ? Sure . I ' ll also take some silver cuff link and a pair of silk ties .
Welcome to China , Mr . Smith . Thank you . So pleasant to meet you here ! I heard that you are interested in our silk skirts and new style of coats . Yes , I've brought a list of your recent products with me . We'd like to import some of your latest clothes for the second half of this year . We're ready to place an order with you . Great ! B , most of the items listed are available this year . I hope we can come to an agreement and sign the contracts , so as to enable our timely delivery .
Thank you . So pleasant to meet you here ! I heard that you are interested in our silk skirts and new style of coats . Yes , I've brought a list of your recent products with me . We'd like to import some of your latest clothes for the second half of this year . We're ready to place an order with you . Great ! B , most of the items listed are available this year . I hope we can come to an agreement and sign the contracts , so as to enable our timely delivery . That sounds good . But I have a proposal now .
I heard that you are interested in our silk skirts and new style of coats . Yes , I've brought a list of your recent products with me . We'd like to import some of your latest clothes for the second half of this year . We're ready to place an order with you . Great ! B , most of the items listed are available this year . I hope we can come to an agreement and sign the contracts , so as to enable our timely delivery . That sounds good . But I have a proposal now . What's the proposal ?
Yes , I've brought a list of your recent products with me . We'd like to import some of your latest clothes for the second half of this year . We're ready to place an order with you . Great ! B , most of the items listed are available this year . I hope we can come to an agreement and sign the contracts , so as to enable our timely delivery . That sounds good . But I have a proposal now . What's the proposal ? Both of our two parties were involved in the discussion previously . Shall we also allow some of our clients to join us ?
Great ! B , most of the items listed are available this year . I hope we can come to an agreement and sign the contracts , so as to enable our timely delivery . That sounds good . But I have a proposal now . What's the proposal ? Both of our two parties were involved in the discussion previously . Shall we also allow some of our clients to join us ? Good idea ! In this way , our clients ' needs will be met and disagreements between the two parties avoided .
Are you free tomorrow night ? Yes , I am . Shall we have dinner together ? Do you have a special restaurant in mind ? Yes , I do . I know a place that has excellent food .
Hi , Tina , I ' Ve got good news . I have successfully passed the first two rounds of interview with ABC Company . They informed me to go to the final round next Monday . It looks very promising . That is awesome . Congratulation ! I know you can make it . Thanks . Let ' s go for a celebration this evening . Are you free ? Yes . Wait for me at the cafe down my office building . See 5PM , ok ? No problem . See you !
Sarah , what did you do today ? I went shopping . Did you buy anything ? Yes , I bought a few things . What did you buy ?
I went shopping . Did you buy anything ? Yes , I bought a few things . What did you buy ? I bought this coat . Do you like it ?
Did you buy anything ? Yes , I bought a few things . What did you buy ? I bought this coat . Do you like it ? Yeah , I like it a lot . It's very pretty . Where did you buy it ?
Yes , I bought a few things . What did you buy ? I bought this coat . Do you like it ? Yeah , I like it a lot . It's very pretty . Where did you buy it ? At the mall on 5th street .
What did you buy ? I bought this coat . Do you like it ? Yeah , I like it a lot . It's very pretty . Where did you buy it ? At the mall on 5th street . Was it expensive ?
I bought this coat . Do you like it ? Yeah , I like it a lot . It's very pretty . Where did you buy it ? At the mall on 5th street . Was it expensive ? No , it wasn't expensive . It was on sale for 20 dollars .
Yeah , I like it a lot . It's very pretty . Where did you buy it ? At the mall on 5th street . Was it expensive ? No , it wasn't expensive . It was on sale for 20 dollars . That's cheap .
At the mall on 5th street . Was it expensive ? No , it wasn't expensive . It was on sale for 20 dollars . That's cheap . I know . It was a really good deal .
Hi , Victor . How are you ? Oh , I'm fine . So , are you going to go to class tonight ? Maybe ... but I don't think so . Really ? What's the matter ?
Oh , I'm fine . So , are you going to go to class tonight ? Maybe ... but I don't think so . Really ? What's the matter ? I don't know . I'm just feeling a little sad .
So , are you going to go to class tonight ? Maybe ... but I don't think so . Really ? What's the matter ? I don't know . I'm just feeling a little sad . Listen . Come with me to class , and after class we can go out for dinner .
Are you interested in history ? Yes , I am . I enjoyed studying it at school , though I had trouble remembering all the dates , so my teacher never gave me good marks . I love history , but I ' Ve always thought that learning the reasons behind events is more important than remembering exactly when they happened . I wish you had been my history teacher ! I might have got better marks ! Some people say that history repeats itself .
Yes , I am . I enjoyed studying it at school , though I had trouble remembering all the dates , so my teacher never gave me good marks . I love history , but I ' Ve always thought that learning the reasons behind events is more important than remembering exactly when they happened . I wish you had been my history teacher ! I might have got better marks ! Some people say that history repeats itself . What does that mean ? The same events never happen twice , do they ?
I love history , but I ' Ve always thought that learning the reasons behind events is more important than remembering exactly when they happened . I wish you had been my history teacher ! I might have got better marks ! Some people say that history repeats itself . What does that mean ? The same events never happen twice , do they ? The idea is that the people and dates change , but the reason why things happen stay the same .
I ' d like to apply for a personal loan . How much would you like to borrow ? A thousand dollars . Let me check with a credit manager . A record show your credit reading is quite high . I don't think you have any problems . What ' s the current interest rate ?
Doris , I'm glad you're home . I'm terrified . I don't know what to do ! What is it ? What happened ? I think someone is stalking me . No , it can't be . Really ? Who ? I don't know . I saw him the first time Tuesday . He was at the cafe . I noticed he was looking at me a lot . Not just the usual looking , but staring . He just kept staring at me . He didn't stop .
What is it ? What happened ? I think someone is stalking me . No , it can't be . Really ? Who ? I don't know . I saw him the first time Tuesday . He was at the cafe . I noticed he was looking at me a lot . Not just the usual looking , but staring . He just kept staring at me . He didn't stop . What did you do ?
I think someone is stalking me . No , it can't be . Really ? Who ? I don't know . I saw him the first time Tuesday . He was at the cafe . I noticed he was looking at me a lot . Not just the usual looking , but staring . He just kept staring at me . He didn't stop . What did you do ? I didn't do anything . Finally , he left . But then I saw him again today . Outside the shoe store . Near the cafe . I went into a CD store and pretended I was looking at CD's . But then he came in too .
No , it can't be . Really ? Who ? I don't know . I saw him the first time Tuesday . He was at the cafe . I noticed he was looking at me a lot . Not just the usual looking , but staring . He just kept staring at me . He didn't stop . What did you do ? I didn't do anything . Finally , he left . But then I saw him again today . Outside the shoe store . Near the cafe . I went into a CD store and pretended I was looking at CD's . But then he came in too . Did he leave when you left ?
I don't know . I saw him the first time Tuesday . He was at the cafe . I noticed he was looking at me a lot . Not just the usual looking , but staring . He just kept staring at me . He didn't stop . What did you do ? I didn't do anything . Finally , he left . But then I saw him again today . Outside the shoe store . Near the cafe . I went into a CD store and pretended I was looking at CD's . But then he came in too . Did he leave when you left ? Yes . Then I noticed he was on the sidewalk behind me . He was following me .
Hi , who has the remote control ? I do . Why , do you want me to change the channel ? Yes , please . I can't stand watching the channel any more . I think they have pretty good programmes . But I'll change it if you really want . Put it on Channel 5 , OK ?
I do . Why , do you want me to change the channel ? Yes , please . I can't stand watching the channel any more . I think they have pretty good programmes . But I'll change it if you really want . Put it on Channel 5 , OK ? Oh , I hate Channel 5 . I'd rather just listen to the radio .
Yes , please . I can't stand watching the channel any more . I think they have pretty good programmes . But I'll change it if you really want . Put it on Channel 5 , OK ? Oh , I hate Channel 5 . I'd rather just listen to the radio . Don't make such a fuss . I'm sure you will like today's programme .
I think they have pretty good programmes . But I'll change it if you really want . Put it on Channel 5 , OK ? Oh , I hate Channel 5 . I'd rather just listen to the radio . Don't make such a fuss . I'm sure you will like today's programme . What's on today ?
Put it on Channel 5 , OK ? Oh , I hate Channel 5 . I'd rather just listen to the radio . Don't make such a fuss . I'm sure you will like today's programme . What's on today ? A basketball match between Chinese team and American team .
Oh , I hate Channel 5 . I'd rather just listen to the radio . Don't make such a fuss . I'm sure you will like today's programme . What's on today ? A basketball match between Chinese team and American team . Really ? I'm interested in it .
So , Paula , where are you from ? I'm from Canada , originally . From Canada ? Where were you born ? Montreal . When did you come to Los Angeles ?
I'm from Canada , originally . From Canada ? Where were you born ? Montreal . When did you come to Los Angeles ? We moved here when I was fourteen .
From Canada ? Where were you born ? Montreal . When did you come to Los Angeles ? We moved here when I was fourteen . Did you go to school here ?
Montreal . When did you come to Los Angeles ? We moved here when I was fourteen . Did you go to school here ? Well , I went to high school here , but I went to college in Texas .
When did you come to Los Angeles ? We moved here when I was fourteen . Did you go to school here ? Well , I went to high school here , but I went to college in Texas . Did you get a job right after graduation ?
We moved here when I was fourteen . Did you go to school here ? Well , I went to high school here , but I went to college in Texas . Did you get a job right after graduation ? No , I traveled for a while in Europe after college , and then I lived in France .
Did you go to school here ? Well , I went to high school here , but I went to college in Texas . Did you get a job right after graduation ? No , I traveled for a while in Europe after college , and then I lived in France . When was that ?
Well , I went to high school here , but I went to college in Texas . Did you get a job right after graduation ? No , I traveled for a while in Europe after college , and then I lived in France . When was that ? Let's see ... That was about six years ago .
Did you get a job right after graduation ? No , I traveled for a while in Europe after college , and then I lived in France . When was that ? Let's see ... That was about six years ago . I bet that was interesting . What did you do there ?
I can't believe how hot it is . It's not even noon yet . That means it will get hotter . I am dying from the heat . Turn on the air conditioner .
It's not even noon yet . That means it will get hotter . I am dying from the heat . Turn on the air conditioner . It doesn't work .
That means it will get hotter . I am dying from the heat . Turn on the air conditioner . It doesn't work . What happened ?
I am dying from the heat . Turn on the air conditioner . It doesn't work . What happened ? I don't know .
Turn on the air conditioner . It doesn't work . What happened ? I don't know . Did you call the repairman ?
It doesn't work . What happened ? I don't know . Did you call the repairman ? Of course .
What happened ? I don't know . Did you call the repairman ? Of course . When is he coming ?
Please tell me how to file things according to the concerned rules . Well , all right . There are four points you should keep in mind when you file documents , information and other things . What are they ? They are keep the documents in chronological order , remove all the chips and pins , punch the documents evenly and place them in the folder . And what is the most important point ?
May I come in ? Yes , please . I ' m Mr . Peter , the Director of Personnel . What can I do for you ? Nice to meet you , Mr . Peter . I ' m Wang Sian . I ' Ve come for an interview as requested . Oh , yes . How do you do , Miss Wang ? Sit down , please . Thank you .
Yes , please . I ' m Mr . Peter , the Director of Personnel . What can I do for you ? Nice to meet you , Mr . Peter . I ' m Wang Sian . I ' Ve come for an interview as requested . Oh , yes . How do you do , Miss Wang ? Sit down , please . Thank you . What was your major in school ?
Nice to meet you , Mr . Peter . I ' m Wang Sian . I ' Ve come for an interview as requested . Oh , yes . How do you do , Miss Wang ? Sit down , please . Thank you . What was your major in school ? I majored in Public Relations .
Oh , yes . How do you do , Miss Wang ? Sit down , please . Thank you . What was your major in school ? I majored in Public Relations . Have you done any work in this field ?
Thank you . What was your major in school ? I majored in Public Relations . Have you done any work in this field ? Yes , after my graduation , I worked in a trade company in Macao for one year .
What was your major in school ? I majored in Public Relations . Have you done any work in this field ? Yes , after my graduation , I worked in a trade company in Macao for one year . What section did you work in ?
I majored in Public Relations . Have you done any work in this field ? Yes , after my graduation , I worked in a trade company in Macao for one year . What section did you work in ? The export Business Section .
Have you done any work in this field ? Yes , after my graduation , I worked in a trade company in Macao for one year . What section did you work in ? The export Business Section . So you must be very familiar with export procedures .
Yes , after my graduation , I worked in a trade company in Macao for one year . What section did you work in ? The export Business Section . So you must be very familiar with export procedures . Yes , very much .
Why didn't you tell me you had a girlfriend ? Sorry , I thought you knew . But you should tell me you were in love with her . Didn't I ? You know you didn't .
Sorry , I thought you knew . But you should tell me you were in love with her . Didn't I ? You know you didn't . Well , I am telling you now .
But you should tell me you were in love with her . Didn't I ? You know you didn't . Well , I am telling you now . Yes , but you might have told me before .
Didn't I ? You know you didn't . Well , I am telling you now . Yes , but you might have told me before . I didn't think you would be interested .
You know you didn't . Well , I am telling you now . Yes , but you might have told me before . I didn't think you would be interested . You can't be serious . How dare you not tell me you are going to marry her ?
Well , I am telling you now . Yes , but you might have told me before . I didn't think you would be interested . You can't be serious . How dare you not tell me you are going to marry her ? Sorry , I didn't think it mattered .
Excuse me , could you help me pick out a lotion ? Sure , what is the problem ? I got poison oak while hiking , and I need something to help me with the itching . I can suggest a product called Techne that comes in a lotion or cream . Which do you prefer ?
Sure , what is the problem ? I got poison oak while hiking , and I need something to help me with the itching . I can suggest a product called Techne that comes in a lotion or cream . Which do you prefer ? Hikers tell me that the cream is best because it stays on longer .
I got poison oak while hiking , and I need something to help me with the itching . I can suggest a product called Techne that comes in a lotion or cream . Which do you prefer ? Hikers tell me that the cream is best because it stays on longer . Is there anything else I can do to help with the itching ?
I can suggest a product called Techne that comes in a lotion or cream . Which do you prefer ? Hikers tell me that the cream is best because it stays on longer . Is there anything else I can do to help with the itching ? You can take an antihistamine .
Which do you prefer ? Hikers tell me that the cream is best because it stays on longer . Is there anything else I can do to help with the itching ? You can take an antihistamine . Thank you so much for all of the information .
hi , darling ! I have a one-month vacation saved up . How about a trip to Europe ? I could go for that . But I'm afraid our budget is a little tight this year . oh , but I really need to leave this town for a change . Working day after day has worn me out . Do you have any other suggestions ? we should probably think about going somewhere that isn't too far away . How about the countryside ? There must be many interesting places , and we could enjoy the fresh air and the delicious local spec wonderful ! I think that's a great idea . How soon until we can make this happen ? I can't wait !
I could go for that . But I'm afraid our budget is a little tight this year . oh , but I really need to leave this town for a change . Working day after day has worn me out . Do you have any other suggestions ? we should probably think about going somewhere that isn't too far away . How about the countryside ? There must be many interesting places , and we could enjoy the fresh air and the delicious local spec wonderful ! I think that's a great idea . How soon until we can make this happen ? I can't wait ! tomorrow I have an appointment with my dentist . What about next Monday ?
oh , but I really need to leave this town for a change . Working day after day has worn me out . Do you have any other suggestions ? we should probably think about going somewhere that isn't too far away . How about the countryside ? There must be many interesting places , and we could enjoy the fresh air and the delicious local spec wonderful ! I think that's a great idea . How soon until we can make this happen ? I can't wait ! tomorrow I have an appointment with my dentist . What about next Monday ? perfect . I'll start preparing tomorrow . If we're going to drive , I'll need to fill up the tank .
we should probably think about going somewhere that isn't too far away . How about the countryside ? There must be many interesting places , and we could enjoy the fresh air and the delicious local spec wonderful ! I think that's a great idea . How soon until we can make this happen ? I can't wait ! tomorrow I have an appointment with my dentist . What about next Monday ? perfect . I'll start preparing tomorrow . If we're going to drive , I'll need to fill up the tank . no need . I think it's still plenty full . Even so , I'd rather travel by bus or train . It would cost much less than driving . Oil prices are soaring nowadays , you know .
wonderful ! I think that's a great idea . How soon until we can make this happen ? I can't wait ! tomorrow I have an appointment with my dentist . What about next Monday ? perfect . I'll start preparing tomorrow . If we're going to drive , I'll need to fill up the tank . no need . I think it's still plenty full . Even so , I'd rather travel by bus or train . It would cost much less than driving . Oil prices are soaring nowadays , you know . we can take the train , that will be faster . I'll book the tickets tomorrow morning .
tomorrow I have an appointment with my dentist . What about next Monday ? perfect . I'll start preparing tomorrow . If we're going to drive , I'll need to fill up the tank . no need . I think it's still plenty full . Even so , I'd rather travel by bus or train . It would cost much less than driving . Oil prices are soaring nowadays , you know . we can take the train , that will be faster . I'll book the tickets tomorrow morning . great ! Oh , one more thing , don't forget to check the weather before we go . I'd hate to get caught in the rain .
perfect . I'll start preparing tomorrow . If we're going to drive , I'll need to fill up the tank . no need . I think it's still plenty full . Even so , I'd rather travel by bus or train . It would cost much less than driving . Oil prices are soaring nowadays , you know . we can take the train , that will be faster . I'll book the tickets tomorrow morning . great ! Oh , one more thing , don't forget to check the weather before we go . I'd hate to get caught in the rain . no problem . I'm really looking forward to the coming week .
Good afternoon . I'd like to speak with Tom Smith . I'm afraid he's away from his desk at the moment . Do you know when he will be back ? He's away on a business trip . He won't be back until some time next week . Is there some way I can get into contact with him ?
I'm afraid he's away from his desk at the moment . Do you know when he will be back ? He's away on a business trip . He won't be back until some time next week . Is there some way I can get into contact with him ? The best way to reach him is by cell phone . I'll give you his number .
Do you know when he will be back ? He's away on a business trip . He won't be back until some time next week . Is there some way I can get into contact with him ? The best way to reach him is by cell phone . I'll give you his number . Thanks . And could I have his e-mail , just in case I can't get him by phone ?
He's away on a business trip . He won't be back until some time next week . Is there some way I can get into contact with him ? The best way to reach him is by cell phone . I'll give you his number . Thanks . And could I have his e-mail , just in case I can't get him by phone ? Sure . His cell phone is 09112223 33 . And his e-mail is lower case t , smith--that's one word , at , c , c , w , dot , com , dot , t , w .
Is there some way I can get into contact with him ? The best way to reach him is by cell phone . I'll give you his number . Thanks . And could I have his e-mail , just in case I can't get him by phone ? Sure . His cell phone is 09112223 33 . And his e-mail is lower case t , smith--that's one word , at , c , c , w , dot , com , dot , t , w . Thank you so much . Does he read his e-mails daily ?
The best way to reach him is by cell phone . I'll give you his number . Thanks . And could I have his e-mail , just in case I can't get him by phone ? Sure . His cell phone is 09112223 33 . And his e-mail is lower case t , smith--that's one word , at , c , c , w , dot , com , dot , t , w . Thank you so much . Does he read his e-mails daily ? Yes . He usually replies immediately .
Thanks . And could I have his e-mail , just in case I can't get him by phone ? Sure . His cell phone is 09112223 33 . And his e-mail is lower case t , smith--that's one word , at , c , c , w , dot , com , dot , t , w . Thank you so much . Does he read his e-mails daily ? Yes . He usually replies immediately . Great . Thanks again . You've been very helpful .
Have any plans for the weekend , Tom ? Yeah , I ' m going for a hike in the southern Rocky Mountains . Oh , do you go hiking often ? I go as much as I can . I love hiking because you can really get in touch with nature . It would be nice to get out of the city . Do you want some company ?
Yeah , I ' m going for a hike in the southern Rocky Mountains . Oh , do you go hiking often ? I go as much as I can . I love hiking because you can really get in touch with nature . It would be nice to get out of the city . Do you want some company ? Sure . But , it will be a long hike , 30 miles in three days . Have you been hiking before ?
Oh , do you go hiking often ? I go as much as I can . I love hiking because you can really get in touch with nature . It would be nice to get out of the city . Do you want some company ? Sure . But , it will be a long hike , 30 miles in three days . Have you been hiking before ? Yeah , I go a lot too . I saw a bear and a mountain lion on my last hike .
I go as much as I can . I love hiking because you can really get in touch with nature . It would be nice to get out of the city . Do you want some company ? Sure . But , it will be a long hike , 30 miles in three days . Have you been hiking before ? Yeah , I go a lot too . I saw a bear and a mountain lion on my last hike . Wow ! You must have been pretty far away from the city .
It would be nice to get out of the city . Do you want some company ? Sure . But , it will be a long hike , 30 miles in three days . Have you been hiking before ? Yeah , I go a lot too . I saw a bear and a mountain lion on my last hike . Wow ! You must have been pretty far away from the city . Yeah , my friend and I hiked in a very wild part of the national forest .
Sure . But , it will be a long hike , 30 miles in three days . Have you been hiking before ? Yeah , I go a lot too . I saw a bear and a mountain lion on my last hike . Wow ! You must have been pretty far away from the city . Yeah , my friend and I hiked in a very wild part of the national forest . Well , bring him along too . We ' ll have a great time this weekend .
Lin's office supplies . How may I direct your call ? Marry Lin please . Sure , just a moment . ... I'm sorry no one answer the phone . All right , could I leave a message ? Certainly !
What kind of personality do you think you have ? I'm quite active and energetic . I approach things enthusiastically and I don't like to leave things half-done . Do you think you are introverted or extroverted ? I'm quite outgoing i think . I enjoy mixing and doing things with others . What do you think is the most important thing for you to be happy ?
I'm quite active and energetic . I approach things enthusiastically and I don't like to leave things half-done . Do you think you are introverted or extroverted ? I'm quite outgoing i think . I enjoy mixing and doing things with others . What do you think is the most important thing for you to be happy ? I maintain that the most important thing is having good friends . A person can't live all by himself I think . A friend in need is a friend in deed . The more really close friends I have , the better .
Do you think you are introverted or extroverted ? I'm quite outgoing i think . I enjoy mixing and doing things with others . What do you think is the most important thing for you to be happy ? I maintain that the most important thing is having good friends . A person can't live all by himself I think . A friend in need is a friend in deed . The more really close friends I have , the better . What kind of people do you like to work with ?
Hey Stacy . What's going on ? I'm pretty tired these days . Why ? You're not working so don't you have a lot of time on your hands ? I have so much house work to do . I have to take care of the kids , cook , clean , laundry , and the cycle never ends . How about your husband . Does he help much ?
I'm pretty tired these days . Why ? You're not working so don't you have a lot of time on your hands ? I have so much house work to do . I have to take care of the kids , cook , clean , laundry , and the cycle never ends . How about your husband . Does he help much ? Not at all . He comes home and complains about his hard day at work . He expects me to do everything . He even wants me to feed him sometimes . Can you believe that ?
Why ? You're not working so don't you have a lot of time on your hands ? I have so much house work to do . I have to take care of the kids , cook , clean , laundry , and the cycle never ends . How about your husband . Does he help much ? Not at all . He comes home and complains about his hard day at work . He expects me to do everything . He even wants me to feed him sometimes . Can you believe that ? That sucks .
I have so much house work to do . I have to take care of the kids , cook , clean , laundry , and the cycle never ends . How about your husband . Does he help much ? Not at all . He comes home and complains about his hard day at work . He expects me to do everything . He even wants me to feed him sometimes . Can you believe that ? That sucks . If he wasn't so lazy , I think I wouldn't have any complaints . He mows the lawn , but can you believe he tried to convince me to do it ?
How about your husband . Does he help much ? Not at all . He comes home and complains about his hard day at work . He expects me to do everything . He even wants me to feed him sometimes . Can you believe that ? That sucks . If he wasn't so lazy , I think I wouldn't have any complaints . He mows the lawn , but can you believe he tried to convince me to do it ? That's crossing the line .
Hi , I think I was supposed to call for my test results today . If you go onto our website and put in your password , you can access your test results . Are you saying that there weren ' t any problems ? I will always have you come in for a discussion if there is a major problem . Will I be able to read the results on the website and understand them ?
If you go onto our website and put in your password , you can access your test results . Are you saying that there weren ' t any problems ? I will always have you come in for a discussion if there is a major problem . Will I be able to read the results on the website and understand them ? Yes , if you go there , you can see what each test is about .
Are you saying that there weren ' t any problems ? I will always have you come in for a discussion if there is a major problem . Will I be able to read the results on the website and understand them ? Yes , if you go there , you can see what each test is about . How will I know what the numbers mean ?
I will always have you come in for a discussion if there is a major problem . Will I be able to read the results on the website and understand them ? Yes , if you go there , you can see what each test is about . How will I know what the numbers mean ? You can see your results and how they compare to the normal range .
Will I be able to read the results on the website and understand them ? Yes , if you go there , you can see what each test is about . How will I know what the numbers mean ? You can see your results and how they compare to the normal range . How can I see test results from tests I have taken before ?
I would like to buy a black suit . Do you have any special brand in your mind ? No , I never wear suit in my everyday life . I just want one to take part in my sister ' s wedding ceremony . I see . Have a look at this one . It ' s very cheap because it ' s not very durable . but it looks good . Let me try it on .
Believe it or not , tea is the most popular beverage in the world after water . Well , people from Asia to Europe all enjoy tea . Right . And China is the homeland of tea . Yes , Chinese people love drinking tea so much . Some even claim they can't live without tea . Do you know there are several catagories of Chinese tea ?
Well , people from Asia to Europe all enjoy tea . Right . And China is the homeland of tea . Yes , Chinese people love drinking tea so much . Some even claim they can't live without tea . Do you know there are several catagories of Chinese tea ? Yes , I believe there are green teas , black teas and scented teas . Any Others ?
Right . And China is the homeland of tea . Yes , Chinese people love drinking tea so much . Some even claim they can't live without tea . Do you know there are several catagories of Chinese tea ? Yes , I believe there are green teas , black teas and scented teas . Any Others ? Well , have you ever heard of Oulong tea and compressed tea ?
Yes , Chinese people love drinking tea so much . Some even claim they can't live without tea . Do you know there are several catagories of Chinese tea ? Yes , I believe there are green teas , black teas and scented teas . Any Others ? Well , have you ever heard of Oulong tea and compressed tea ? Oh , yeah . Oulong tea is good for one's health . isn't it ?
Do you know there are several catagories of Chinese tea ? Yes , I believe there are green teas , black teas and scented teas . Any Others ? Well , have you ever heard of Oulong tea and compressed tea ? Oh , yeah . Oulong tea is good for one's health . isn't it ? You surely know a lot about Chinese tea .
Yes , I believe there are green teas , black teas and scented teas . Any Others ? Well , have you ever heard of Oulong tea and compressed tea ? Oh , yeah . Oulong tea is good for one's health . isn't it ? You surely know a lot about Chinese tea . Sure , I like drinking tea at teahouses .
Well , have you ever heard of Oulong tea and compressed tea ? Oh , yeah . Oulong tea is good for one's health . isn't it ? You surely know a lot about Chinese tea . Sure , I like drinking tea at teahouses . Oh , so do I .
Oh , yeah . Oulong tea is good for one's health . isn't it ? You surely know a lot about Chinese tea . Sure , I like drinking tea at teahouses . Oh , so do I . Why don't we go for one now ?
You surely know a lot about Chinese tea . Sure , I like drinking tea at teahouses . Oh , so do I . Why don't we go for one now ? Great . We can chat while enjoying a cup there .
Which university did you graduate from ? I graduated from Peking University . What was your major at university ? I studied economics , I am especially interested in the economic development of China . What course did you like best ?
I graduated from Peking University . What was your major at university ? I studied economics , I am especially interested in the economic development of China . What course did you like best ? I like Business Management , and i think it's very useful for the present work .
What was your major at university ? I studied economics , I am especially interested in the economic development of China . What course did you like best ? I like Business Management , and i think it's very useful for the present work . What do you think is the relationship between the subjects you've taken and the job you are seeking ?
Here you are . You left the medicine here . Sorry . I was too worried . I firmly believe that you love your brother very much . Absolutely . By the way , do you sell any traditional Chinese medicine ? Yes , we have some Chinese medicine for common cold .
Sorry . I was too worried . I firmly believe that you love your brother very much . Absolutely . By the way , do you sell any traditional Chinese medicine ? Yes , we have some Chinese medicine for common cold . I heard Chinese medicine has a better lasting effect in cure .
The hotel operator . Anything I can do for you ? I've been trying to get through to the booking office for the last ten minutes . But the line has been engaged all the time . Why is it taking so long ? I'm sorry to hear that . I'm afraid it is often the case during the peak hours . Shall I ask them to call you when the line is free ? OK . Please do so if it is not troublesome . No trouble at all . May I know your name and room number ?
I've been trying to get through to the booking office for the last ten minutes . But the line has been engaged all the time . Why is it taking so long ? I'm sorry to hear that . I'm afraid it is often the case during the peak hours . Shall I ask them to call you when the line is free ? OK . Please do so if it is not troublesome . No trouble at all . May I know your name and room number ? I'm Du Juan , in Room 312 .
I'm sorry to hear that . I'm afraid it is often the case during the peak hours . Shall I ask them to call you when the line is free ? OK . Please do so if it is not troublesome . No trouble at all . May I know your name and room number ? I'm Du Juan , in Room 312 . I see . Wait in the room , please .
For the 100th anniversary of the opening of the library we are going to have a party . That's a wonderful way to celebrate this grand old library ! I hoped you would be willing to brainstorm with me for party ideas . That is right up my alley . You say party and I'm there . Perfect . It will be open to the public and we anticipate roughly about five to seven hundred people .
That's a wonderful way to celebrate this grand old library ! I hoped you would be willing to brainstorm with me for party ideas . That is right up my alley . You say party and I'm there . Perfect . It will be open to the public and we anticipate roughly about five to seven hundred people . Will it be an all day event ?
I hoped you would be willing to brainstorm with me for party ideas . That is right up my alley . You say party and I'm there . Perfect . It will be open to the public and we anticipate roughly about five to seven hundred people . Will it be an all day event ? Yes . And we checked with the city and we have permission to use the park adjacent to the library .
Look ! Mom , that's amazing ! I can't believe the girls have so neat movements . Yeah , they all received very strict training . A minute on the stage takes ten-year practice . And all their movements are so elegant . It seems like dancing in the water . Exactly , you know , water ballet puts dancing , music and swimming together . There you go ! Daddy has told me that water ballet is also called Synchronized Swimming .
Yeah , they all received very strict training . A minute on the stage takes ten-year practice . And all their movements are so elegant . It seems like dancing in the water . Exactly , you know , water ballet puts dancing , music and swimming together . There you go ! Daddy has told me that water ballet is also called Synchronized Swimming . That's my boy ! Katherine Curtis created this activity in 1920 . And in 1984 , it was authorized as one activity in Olympic Games .
And all their movements are so elegant . It seems like dancing in the water . Exactly , you know , water ballet puts dancing , music and swimming together . There you go ! Daddy has told me that water ballet is also called Synchronized Swimming . That's my boy ! Katherine Curtis created this activity in 1920 . And in 1984 , it was authorized as one activity in Olympic Games . Wow , Mom is more knowledgeable than Dad . I must learn from you .
Exactly , you know , water ballet puts dancing , music and swimming together . There you go ! Daddy has told me that water ballet is also called Synchronized Swimming . That's my boy ! Katherine Curtis created this activity in 1920 . And in 1984 , it was authorized as one activity in Olympic Games . Wow , Mom is more knowledgeable than Dad . I must learn from you . My little boy , you should learn more from me . I'm almost thirty years older than you .
There you go ! Daddy has told me that water ballet is also called Synchronized Swimming . That's my boy ! Katherine Curtis created this activity in 1920 . And in 1984 , it was authorized as one activity in Olympic Games . Wow , Mom is more knowledgeable than Dad . I must learn from you . My little boy , you should learn more from me . I'm almost thirty years older than you . OK , you're the boss . Look , Mom , one guy has just jumped into the swimming pool .
I really need to start eating healthier . I have to start eating better too . What kind of food do you usually eat ? I try my best to eat only fruits , vegetables , and chicken . Is that really all that you eat ?
I have to start eating better too . What kind of food do you usually eat ? I try my best to eat only fruits , vegetables , and chicken . Is that really all that you eat ? That's basically it .
What kind of food do you usually eat ? I try my best to eat only fruits , vegetables , and chicken . Is that really all that you eat ? That's basically it . How do you stick to only those foods ?
I try my best to eat only fruits , vegetables , and chicken . Is that really all that you eat ? That's basically it . How do you stick to only those foods ? Actually , fruits and veggies are really good for you .
Is that really all that you eat ? That's basically it . How do you stick to only those foods ? Actually , fruits and veggies are really good for you . Yeah , I know , but what about the chicken ?
That's basically it . How do you stick to only those foods ? Actually , fruits and veggies are really good for you . Yeah , I know , but what about the chicken ? I mainly eat baked chicken , because there's not a lot of fat .
How do you stick to only those foods ? Actually , fruits and veggies are really good for you . Yeah , I know , but what about the chicken ? I mainly eat baked chicken , because there's not a lot of fat . That does sound pretty good .
Do you have a free moment ? Sure . What do you need ? I'm having some trouble . How do you use this printer ? Well , first you have to turn this switch on . Silly me .
Sure . What do you need ? I'm having some trouble . How do you use this printer ? Well , first you have to turn this switch on . Silly me . Now press this button .
I'm having some trouble . How do you use this printer ? Well , first you have to turn this switch on . Silly me . Now press this button . Oh , and it's out of paper . Do you have any more ?
What do you usually have for breakfast ? Pancakes or waffles ? I usually have cereal for breakfast . But isn't it served with cold milk ? Yeah . Cold milk wakes me up . Chinese people don't like to eat cold food .
I usually have cereal for breakfast . But isn't it served with cold milk ? Yeah . Cold milk wakes me up . Chinese people don't like to eat cold food . Is that right ?
But isn't it served with cold milk ? Yeah . Cold milk wakes me up . Chinese people don't like to eat cold food . Is that right ? But I'm open to new things . I'll have a bowl of cereal , too .
Yeah . Cold milk wakes me up . Chinese people don't like to eat cold food . Is that right ? But I'm open to new things . I'll have a bowl of cereal , too . With cold milk ?
I ran it against that fence pole as I crashed . What do you think ? Damn , it hurts ! We'll have to get you to a hospital . I can ride you on the back of my bike . I'm lucky I wasn't killed . I must have been going around forty-five miles an hour . There was too much gravel on that corner . I slid out . Yes , I almost slid too . Alright . This tourniquet is tight . How does it feel ? Make it tighter . I want the blood stopped . Then wrap some bandages around the cut . Then we can go . Ouch ! I hope I can walk .
We'll have to get you to a hospital . I can ride you on the back of my bike . I'm lucky I wasn't killed . I must have been going around forty-five miles an hour . There was too much gravel on that corner . I slid out . Yes , I almost slid too . Alright . This tourniquet is tight . How does it feel ? Make it tighter . I want the blood stopped . Then wrap some bandages around the cut . Then we can go . Ouch ! I hope I can walk . Alright , I'm twisting it around . You tell me when to stop .
I'm interested in Chinese antiques . We have a great variety of Chinese antiques . Besides , we have landscape painting , figure painting and flower-and-bird painting . I'd like a flower-and-bird painting . How about this picture of cranes with pine trees ? It was painted by a famous Chinese painter in King Dynasty . Oh , they look just like live cranes .
Where are you going ? I'll accompany my wife to the hospital . What's wrong with her . She is expecting . Congratulations to you .
What's the matter with you , then ? You look miserable . It's us . What do you mean by " us " ? Well , we used to talk to each other before we were married . Remember ? What do you mean ? We ' re talking now , aren't we ?
It's us . What do you mean by " us " ? Well , we used to talk to each other before we were married . Remember ? What do you mean ? We ' re talking now , aren't we ? Oh , yes , but we used to do so much together .
What do you mean by " us " ? Well , we used to talk to each other before we were married . Remember ? What do you mean ? We ' re talking now , aren't we ? Oh , yes , but we used to do so much together . Yes . I remember . But we never used to argue . You used to think I was wonderful . Where are you going ?
Reservation , can I help you ? Yes , I would like to reserve a room for next Monday . Wait a moment , please . Let me check it . By the way , I want a large room . Right now we have a suite for 4 people , do you want to book it ?
It's such a nice day . Yes , it is . It looks like it may rain soon . Yes , and I hope that it does . Why is that ?
Yes , it is . It looks like it may rain soon . Yes , and I hope that it does . Why is that ? I really love how rain clears the air .
It looks like it may rain soon . Yes , and I hope that it does . Why is that ? I really love how rain clears the air . Me too . It always smells so fresh after it rains .
Yes , and I hope that it does . Why is that ? I really love how rain clears the air . Me too . It always smells so fresh after it rains . Yes , but I love the night air after it rains .
Why is that ? I really love how rain clears the air . Me too . It always smells so fresh after it rains . Yes , but I love the night air after it rains . Really ? Why is that ?
I really love how rain clears the air . Me too . It always smells so fresh after it rains . Yes , but I love the night air after it rains . Really ? Why is that ? Because you can see the stars perfectly .
Me too . It always smells so fresh after it rains . Yes , but I love the night air after it rains . Really ? Why is that ? Because you can see the stars perfectly . I really hope it rains today .
Next , please . Hello , may I help you , sir ? Yes , I want to send a registered airmail letter to France . Ok , it comes four dollars twenty cents . Here is five dollars . Here is your change . Please wait for your receipt of the registered mail .
Yes , I want to send a registered airmail letter to France . Ok , it comes four dollars twenty cents . Here is five dollars . Here is your change . Please wait for your receipt of the registered mail . I also want to pack up my package . This is the notes .
Ok , it comes four dollars twenty cents . Here is five dollars . Here is your change . Please wait for your receipt of the registered mail . I also want to pack up my package . This is the notes . Let me see . En .. just a minute . Here it is . I need your signature on this note .
Here is five dollars . Here is your change . Please wait for your receipt of the registered mail . I also want to pack up my package . This is the notes . Let me see . En .. just a minute . Here it is . I need your signature on this note . Oh , one more thing , where can I mail this letter ?
Here is your change . Please wait for your receipt of the registered mail . I also want to pack up my package . This is the notes . Let me see . En .. just a minute . Here it is . I need your signature on this note . Oh , one more thing , where can I mail this letter ? Drop it in the mail box mark out of town . at that corner .
I also want to pack up my package . This is the notes . Let me see . En .. just a minute . Here it is . I need your signature on this note . Oh , one more thing , where can I mail this letter ? Drop it in the mail box mark out of town . at that corner . Thank you very much .
excuse me , could you tell me which line I ' m supposed to stand in to buy bubble wrap and to post a package ? you can buy the bubble wrap here , but you ' ll have to stand in line over here to post your passage . that ' s a really long line . How long do you think it ' ll take to get through all those people ? it takes about 3 minutes per person , so it ' ll probably be about an hour ' s wait . can I buy stamps here ?
you can buy the bubble wrap here , but you ' ll have to stand in line over here to post your passage . that ' s a really long line . How long do you think it ' ll take to get through all those people ? it takes about 3 minutes per person , so it ' ll probably be about an hour ' s wait . can I buy stamps here ? sure . How many would you like ?
that ' s a really long line . How long do you think it ' ll take to get through all those people ? it takes about 3 minutes per person , so it ' ll probably be about an hour ' s wait . can I buy stamps here ? sure . How many would you like ? I need 30 for my Christmas cards .
it takes about 3 minutes per person , so it ' ll probably be about an hour ' s wait . can I buy stamps here ? sure . How many would you like ? I need 30 for my Christmas cards . are you sending them abroad ?
can I buy stamps here ? sure . How many would you like ? I need 30 for my Christmas cards . are you sending them abroad ? twenty of them are going abroad to China and America .
sure . How many would you like ? I need 30 for my Christmas cards . are you sending them abroad ? twenty of them are going abroad to China and America . do you have any going anywhere in the EU ? If you do , those are less expensive .
I need 30 for my Christmas cards . are you sending them abroad ? twenty of them are going abroad to China and America . do you have any going anywhere in the EU ? If you do , those are less expensive . no .
are you sending them abroad ? twenty of them are going abroad to China and America . do you have any going anywhere in the EU ? If you do , those are less expensive . no . ok , here you go . That will be 18 pounds and seventy two pence .
twenty of them are going abroad to China and America . do you have any going anywhere in the EU ? If you do , those are less expensive . no . ok , here you go . That will be 18 pounds and seventy two pence . and the bubble wrap ?
do you have any going anywhere in the EU ? If you do , those are less expensive . no . ok , here you go . That will be 18 pounds and seventy two pence . and the bubble wrap ? that ' s another quid .
What time is our connecting flight ? Let me check . Oh , oh ! It ' s at 3:25 . Wow , that's cutting it close ! That means we only have 25 minutes to make the connection ! What gate is it at ? It ' s at ... gate 14 . Oh , great ! That ' s at the other end of the terminal !
Let me check . Oh , oh ! It ' s at 3:25 . Wow , that's cutting it close ! That means we only have 25 minutes to make the connection ! What gate is it at ? It ' s at ... gate 14 . Oh , great ! That ' s at the other end of the terminal ! OK , so here ' s the plan ; When we land , run to gate 14 !
Hey , Blake ! Are you still listening to Mozart ? Yes . Do you like it ? It's great . and I ' Ve heard that listening to Mozart can make you more intelligent . Really ? I've never heard that before . I just like it . Is classical music your favorite ?
Yes . Do you like it ? It's great . and I ' Ve heard that listening to Mozart can make you more intelligent . Really ? I've never heard that before . I just like it . Is classical music your favorite ? Yes . What about you ?
It's great . and I ' Ve heard that listening to Mozart can make you more intelligent . Really ? I've never heard that before . I just like it . Is classical music your favorite ? Yes . What about you ? I Like pop music best . Classical music is a bit too heavy for me . I can't get fully relaxed in it .
Really ? I've never heard that before . I just like it . Is classical music your favorite ? Yes . What about you ? I Like pop music best . Classical music is a bit too heavy for me . I can't get fully relaxed in it . Pop music doesn't have any depth for me .
Is classical music your favorite ? Yes . What about you ? I Like pop music best . Classical music is a bit too heavy for me . I can't get fully relaxed in it . Pop music doesn't have any depth for me . Yeah , that's why I can enjoy myself in it .
Yes . What about you ? I Like pop music best . Classical music is a bit too heavy for me . I can't get fully relaxed in it . Pop music doesn't have any depth for me . Yeah , that's why I can enjoy myself in it . Did you always like pop music .
I Like pop music best . Classical music is a bit too heavy for me . I can't get fully relaxed in it . Pop music doesn't have any depth for me . Yeah , that's why I can enjoy myself in it . Did you always like pop music . I think so , since I was in primary school . How long have you been interested in classical music .
Pop music doesn't have any depth for me . Yeah , that's why I can enjoy myself in it . Did you always like pop music . I think so , since I was in primary school . How long have you been interested in classical music . I didn't like it at all until I started to learn violin when I was eight . From then on . classical music has been an important part of my life .
Yeah , that's why I can enjoy myself in it . Did you always like pop music . I think so , since I was in primary school . How long have you been interested in classical music . I didn't like it at all until I started to learn violin when I was eight . From then on . classical music has been an important part of my life . oh , I didn't know you can play the violin . Do you still play .
Guess who I saw just now ? Who ? John Smith , the escaped criminal . That bad egg , who took the low road since he was a boy . I think I must report to the cops .
Excuse me , are you Mrs . Green from England ? Yes , I am . I'm pleased to meet you , Mrs . Green . My name is Myra . I work in Beijing Institute of Technology . I came here to meet you . How do you do ? How do you do ?
Yes , I am . I'm pleased to meet you , Mrs . Green . My name is Myra . I work in Beijing Institute of Technology . I came here to meet you . How do you do ? How do you do ? It's kind of you to meet me at the airport .
I'm pleased to meet you , Mrs . Green . My name is Myra . I work in Beijing Institute of Technology . I came here to meet you . How do you do ? How do you do ? It's kind of you to meet me at the airport . Welcome to Beijing . Is this your first time in China ?
How do you do ? How do you do ? It's kind of you to meet me at the airport . Welcome to Beijing . Is this your first time in China ? No , I have visited China several times , but it's my first visit to Beijing and I think it's a great honor to be invited to your beautiful city .
How do you do ? It's kind of you to meet me at the airport . Welcome to Beijing . Is this your first time in China ? No , I have visited China several times , but it's my first visit to Beijing and I think it's a great honor to be invited to your beautiful city . It's our pleasure to have you here . I hope you will have a pleasant stay here .
What are your personal weaknesses ? I ' m afraid I ' m a poor talker . I ' m not comfortable talking with the people whom I have just met for the first time . That is not very good for business , so I have been studying public speaking . Are you more of a leader or a follower ? I don ' t try to lead people . I ' d rather cooperate with everybody , and get the job done by working together . Do you think you can make yourself easily understood in English ?
I ' m afraid I ' m a poor talker . I ' m not comfortable talking with the people whom I have just met for the first time . That is not very good for business , so I have been studying public speaking . Are you more of a leader or a follower ? I don ' t try to lead people . I ' d rather cooperate with everybody , and get the job done by working together . Do you think you can make yourself easily understood in English ? Yes , in most circumstances .
Are you more of a leader or a follower ? I don ' t try to lead people . I ' d rather cooperate with everybody , and get the job done by working together . Do you think you can make yourself easily understood in English ? Yes , in most circumstances . Are you available for travel ?
Hello , Ken . Hello , George . Have you just been to the cinema ? Yes , I have . What ' s on ?
Hello , George . Have you just been to the cinema ? Yes , I have . What ' s on ? Paris in the Spring .
Have you just been to the cinema ? Yes , I have . What ' s on ? Paris in the Spring . Oh , I ' Ve already seen it . I saw it on television last year . It ' s an old film , but it ' s very good .
Yes , I have . What ' s on ? Paris in the Spring . Oh , I ' Ve already seen it . I saw it on television last year . It ' s an old film , but it ' s very good . Paris is a beautiful city . I have never been there . Have you ever been there , Ken ?
What ' s on ? Paris in the Spring . Oh , I ' Ve already seen it . I saw it on television last year . It ' s an old film , but it ' s very good . Paris is a beautiful city . I have never been there . Have you ever been there , Ken ? Yes , I have . I was there in April .
Paris in the Spring . Oh , I ' Ve already seen it . I saw it on television last year . It ' s an old film , but it ' s very good . Paris is a beautiful city . I have never been there . Have you ever been there , Ken ? Yes , I have . I was there in April . Paris in the spring , eh ?
Oh , I ' Ve already seen it . I saw it on television last year . It ' s an old film , but it ' s very good . Paris is a beautiful city . I have never been there . Have you ever been there , Ken ? Yes , I have . I was there in April . Paris in the spring , eh ? It was spring , but the weather was awful . It rained all the time .
So , you ' re applying for a B2 visa , where is your final destination and what ' s the purpose of your trip to the United States ? I ' m going to visit my brother . he ' s just had a baby . He lives in Minneapolis . And how long do you you plan to remain in the United States ? I ' ll be here for approximately three weeks . See , here ' s my return ticket for the twenty-sixth of March . And , who is sponsoring your trip ?
I ' m going to visit my brother . he ' s just had a baby . He lives in Minneapolis . And how long do you you plan to remain in the United States ? I ' ll be here for approximately three weeks . See , here ' s my return ticket for the twenty-sixth of March . And , who is sponsoring your trip ? My brother , here , this is an invitation letter from him . I will stay with him and his family in their home .
And how long do you you plan to remain in the United States ? I ' ll be here for approximately three weeks . See , here ' s my return ticket for the twenty-sixth of March . And , who is sponsoring your trip ? My brother , here , this is an invitation letter from him . I will stay with him and his family in their home . Alright , tell me about the ties you have to your home country .
I ' ll be here for approximately three weeks . See , here ' s my return ticket for the twenty-sixth of March . And , who is sponsoring your trip ? My brother , here , this is an invitation letter from him . I will stay with him and his family in their home . Alright , tell me about the ties you have to your home country . Well , I own a house . actually , I ' m leaving my dog there with my neighbors . I have a car at home , and oh , my job ! I ' m employed by Tornal as an engineer . Actually , I only have three weeks ' vacation , so I have to go back to work at the end of March .
And , who is sponsoring your trip ? My brother , here , this is an invitation letter from him . I will stay with him and his family in their home . Alright , tell me about the ties you have to your home country . Well , I own a house . actually , I ' m leaving my dog there with my neighbors . I have a car at home , and oh , my job ! I ' m employed by Tornal as an engineer . Actually , I only have three weeks ' vacation , so I have to go back to work at the end of March . And what evidence do you have that you are financially independent ?
My brother , here , this is an invitation letter from him . I will stay with him and his family in their home . Alright , tell me about the ties you have to your home country . Well , I own a house . actually , I ' m leaving my dog there with my neighbors . I have a car at home , and oh , my job ! I ' m employed by Tornal as an engineer . Actually , I only have three weeks ' vacation , so I have to go back to work at the end of March . And what evidence do you have that you are financially independent ? Well , I do have assets in my country . like I said , I own a house , and see , here ' s a bank statement showing my investments , and my bank balance .
Hey Julie , you want to go grab something to eat ? Sure ! What do you feel like having ? I really feel like having a big juicy steak ! Oh . OK . I don't eat meat , but that's fine , I am sure wherever we are going they will have other options right ? I didn't know you were a vegetarian !
Sure ! What do you feel like having ? I really feel like having a big juicy steak ! Oh . OK . I don't eat meat , but that's fine , I am sure wherever we are going they will have other options right ? I didn't know you were a vegetarian ! I'm not , I am a vegan .
I really feel like having a big juicy steak ! Oh . OK . I don't eat meat , but that's fine , I am sure wherever we are going they will have other options right ? I didn't know you were a vegetarian ! I'm not , I am a vegan . A what ?
Oh . OK . I don't eat meat , but that's fine , I am sure wherever we are going they will have other options right ? I didn't know you were a vegetarian ! I'm not , I am a vegan . A what ? A vegan . I don't eat or use any animal based products . I don't wear leather , eat eggs , drink milk or anything that comes from an animal . I used to be a pescatarian before , which basically means you don't eat meat , but still have fish and seafood .
I didn't know you were a vegetarian ! I'm not , I am a vegan . A what ? A vegan . I don't eat or use any animal based products . I don't wear leather , eat eggs , drink milk or anything that comes from an animal . I used to be a pescatarian before , which basically means you don't eat meat , but still have fish and seafood . Wow ! That's interesting ! It must be tough !
How silly of you to jump out of the window ! But that was the first thing that came into my mind when I heard the shout earthquake ! Why not use staircases ? The terror was not so violent at that time . That would be too late . Maybe the situation is too urgent .
Hi . What's your name ? My name is Jung Min . What's your name ? My name is Jessica . It's nice to meet you . Yes . It's nice to meet you too . Are you a new student too ? No . I'm a sophomore . I take it you are a new student ?
My name is Jung Min . What's your name ? My name is Jessica . It's nice to meet you . Yes . It's nice to meet you too . Are you a new student too ? No . I'm a sophomore . I take it you are a new student ? Yeah . It's pretty exciting to be here .
My name is Jessica . It's nice to meet you . Yes . It's nice to meet you too . Are you a new student too ? No . I'm a sophomore . I take it you are a new student ? Yeah . It's pretty exciting to be here . Have fun while it lasts . The excitement wears off real quick . Especially after you see how much homework you get . Where are you from ?
Yes . It's nice to meet you too . Are you a new student too ? No . I'm a sophomore . I take it you are a new student ? Yeah . It's pretty exciting to be here . Have fun while it lasts . The excitement wears off real quick . Especially after you see how much homework you get . Where are you from ? I'm from Korea . My parents wanted me to go to an American university , so I came here .
No . I'm a sophomore . I take it you are a new student ? Yeah . It's pretty exciting to be here . Have fun while it lasts . The excitement wears off real quick . Especially after you see how much homework you get . Where are you from ? I'm from Korea . My parents wanted me to go to an American university , so I came here . I have never been to Korea . I've been to Japan before , but never Korea .
Yeah . It's pretty exciting to be here . Have fun while it lasts . The excitement wears off real quick . Especially after you see how much homework you get . Where are you from ? I'm from Korea . My parents wanted me to go to an American university , so I came here . I have never been to Korea . I've been to Japan before , but never Korea . Why were you in Japan ?
Have fun while it lasts . The excitement wears off real quick . Especially after you see how much homework you get . Where are you from ? I'm from Korea . My parents wanted me to go to an American university , so I came here . I have never been to Korea . I've been to Japan before , but never Korea . Why were you in Japan ? My father thought it would be a good experience to take a vacation to a different country . He's so into learning about different cultures .
I'm from Korea . My parents wanted me to go to an American university , so I came here . I have never been to Korea . I've been to Japan before , but never Korea . Why were you in Japan ? My father thought it would be a good experience to take a vacation to a different country . He's so into learning about different cultures . That's pretty cool .
I have never been to Korea . I've been to Japan before , but never Korea . Why were you in Japan ? My father thought it would be a good experience to take a vacation to a different country . He's so into learning about different cultures . That's pretty cool . I thought it would have been more fun if I went without my parents .
Why were you in Japan ? My father thought it would be a good experience to take a vacation to a different country . He's so into learning about different cultures . That's pretty cool . I thought it would have been more fun if I went without my parents . Well , if you ever want to visit Korea , I would be happy to show you around .
My father thought it would be a good experience to take a vacation to a different country . He's so into learning about different cultures . That's pretty cool . I thought it would have been more fun if I went without my parents . Well , if you ever want to visit Korea , I would be happy to show you around . Thanks for the offer . I'll keep that in mind . Oh , the professor is coming . We'll talk more after class .
You don't look too well . Maybe you should take the day off from work . I couldn't do that . I have an important meeting to go to today . Do you feel ok ? Not really . After a 12 - hour flight , I've got jetlag , and on top of that , I think I've also got the flu . Why don't you call your secretary and tell her to reschedule the meeting ? You should really get some rest or you'll end up feeling even worse than you do now .
I couldn't do that . I have an important meeting to go to today . Do you feel ok ? Not really . After a 12 - hour flight , I've got jetlag , and on top of that , I think I've also got the flu . Why don't you call your secretary and tell her to reschedule the meeting ? You should really get some rest or you'll end up feeling even worse than you do now . Could you feel my forehead and check to see if I have a fever ?
Do you feel ok ? Not really . After a 12 - hour flight , I've got jetlag , and on top of that , I think I've also got the flu . Why don't you call your secretary and tell her to reschedule the meeting ? You should really get some rest or you'll end up feeling even worse than you do now . Could you feel my forehead and check to see if I have a fever ? You're really hot . Let me get you some Tylenol to bring the fever down .
Not really . After a 12 - hour flight , I've got jetlag , and on top of that , I think I've also got the flu . Why don't you call your secretary and tell her to reschedule the meeting ? You should really get some rest or you'll end up feeling even worse than you do now . Could you feel my forehead and check to see if I have a fever ? You're really hot . Let me get you some Tylenol to bring the fever down . Ok . I'll stay home this morning and rest , but if I feel better in the afternoon , I'm going to the meeting .
Why don't you call your secretary and tell her to reschedule the meeting ? You should really get some rest or you'll end up feeling even worse than you do now . Could you feel my forehead and check to see if I have a fever ? You're really hot . Let me get you some Tylenol to bring the fever down . Ok . I'll stay home this morning and rest , but if I feel better in the afternoon , I'm going to the meeting . Zach , what's that on your arm ?
Could you feel my forehead and check to see if I have a fever ? You're really hot . Let me get you some Tylenol to bring the fever down . Ok . I'll stay home this morning and rest , but if I feel better in the afternoon , I'm going to the meeting . Zach , what's that on your arm ? I don't know . It looks a bit red , but I'm sure it's nothing .
You're really hot . Let me get you some Tylenol to bring the fever down . Ok . I'll stay home this morning and rest , but if I feel better in the afternoon , I'm going to the meeting . Zach , what's that on your arm ? I don't know . It looks a bit red , but I'm sure it's nothing . It looks like you have a red rash all over you ! Are you allergic to anything ?
Ok . I'll stay home this morning and rest , but if I feel better in the afternoon , I'm going to the meeting . Zach , what's that on your arm ? I don't know . It looks a bit red , but I'm sure it's nothing . It looks like you have a red rash all over you ! Are you allergic to anything ? Just cats , but I don't think I was near any cats in the last couple of weeks .
Zach , what's that on your arm ? I don't know . It looks a bit red , but I'm sure it's nothing . It looks like you have a red rash all over you ! Are you allergic to anything ? Just cats , but I don't think I was near any cats in the last couple of weeks . I completely forgot about your cat allergy . I took care of a cat for my friend here a few days ago . Oh no . we'd better go to the doctor and get some medicine . Let's go .
I don't know . It looks a bit red , but I'm sure it's nothing . It looks like you have a red rash all over you ! Are you allergic to anything ? Just cats , but I don't think I was near any cats in the last couple of weeks . I completely forgot about your cat allergy . I took care of a cat for my friend here a few days ago . Oh no . we'd better go to the doctor and get some medicine . Let's go . Shouldn't we make an appointment first ?
It looks like you have a red rash all over you ! Are you allergic to anything ? Just cats , but I don't think I was near any cats in the last couple of weeks . I completely forgot about your cat allergy . I took care of a cat for my friend here a few days ago . Oh no . we'd better go to the doctor and get some medicine . Let's go . Shouldn't we make an appointment first ? We would , but let's just go and see if there's an opening now before it gets worse .
Excuse me . Do you mind if I try this on ? Not at all . The changing rooms are just this way . Thanks . It's a little tight . Do you have any in a larger size ? Sure . I'll give you the next size up . That one is small , right ? Yes . Also , I'm not so sure about the color .
I had a big argument with david yesterday . I hope he ' s not still mad at me . What did you argue about ? He borrowed some money from me and I needed it back . He said he didn ' t have the money yet . Well , he should pay you back . It ' s only fair . Yes , but I got angry with him too quickly . He probably thought that I mistrusted him . I shouldn ' t have got angry .
What did you argue about ? He borrowed some money from me and I needed it back . He said he didn ' t have the money yet . Well , he should pay you back . It ' s only fair . Yes , but I got angry with him too quickly . He probably thought that I mistrusted him . I shouldn ' t have got angry . Did you lend him a lot of money ?
He borrowed some money from me and I needed it back . He said he didn ' t have the money yet . Well , he should pay you back . It ' s only fair . Yes , but I got angry with him too quickly . He probably thought that I mistrusted him . I shouldn ' t have got angry . Did you lend him a lot of money ? Not much . I had to pay an unexpected bill , so I needed the money back .
Well , he should pay you back . It ' s only fair . Yes , but I got angry with him too quickly . He probably thought that I mistrusted him . I shouldn ' t have got angry . Did you lend him a lot of money ? Not much . I had to pay an unexpected bill , so I needed the money back . Well , talk to him about it next time you see him . He probably feels as bad about it as you do . Close friends sometimes have disagreements . It ' s nothing unusual . Neither of you said anything really nasty , did you ?
Yes , but I got angry with him too quickly . He probably thought that I mistrusted him . I shouldn ' t have got angry . Did you lend him a lot of money ? Not much . I had to pay an unexpected bill , so I needed the money back . Well , talk to him about it next time you see him . He probably feels as bad about it as you do . Close friends sometimes have disagreements . It ' s nothing unusual . Neither of you said anything really nasty , did you ? No , we didn ' t . I guess you ' re right . We should patch things up .
Well , I'm afraid I must be going now . I have no idea it was so late . Stay for dinner with us . I'm afraid I can't . I have a dinner party at seven tonight . You see , I am going to England the day after tomorrow . Well , I won't keep you then . It was very nice of you to come to see me . It has been a pleasure . Goodbye .
Hey Mel ! Are you up for some tennis today ? Sorry , I can ' t ! I have to go to work , pick up Jake and Maddie from school , and make them an afternoon snack , then take Jake to soccer practice and Maddie to dance class . You sound exhausted . Maybe you should hire a nanny to help you out ! She can pick the kids up and take them to their after-school activities . She can also help you do some household chores , and run so Oh , I don ' t know ... it ' s hard to find the right nanny . You have to consider her previous work experience , the responsibilities you give her , and how she interacts with the kids . I would love to have I think you should definitely consider it ! This way you won ' t have to juggle such a busy schedule , and you ' ll still get to spend time with the kids in the evenings . I can refer you this great
Hello , the nurse said that you might have my test results in from the other day . I would like for you to come in and talk about a few more tests that I would like to run . Does this mean that you have bad news for me ? I just want to talk to you about the tests that I want to run . Can ' t you just tell me now ?
I would like for you to come in and talk about a few more tests that I would like to run . Does this mean that you have bad news for me ? I just want to talk to you about the tests that I want to run . Can ' t you just tell me now ? I don ' t know anything for certain . We always do a double check if there is a question .
Does this mean that you have bad news for me ? I just want to talk to you about the tests that I want to run . Can ' t you just tell me now ? I don ' t know anything for certain . We always do a double check if there is a question . I want to see you right away .
I just want to talk to you about the tests that I want to run . Can ' t you just tell me now ? I don ' t know anything for certain . We always do a double check if there is a question . I want to see you right away . You can come in this afternoon . If you are feeling too stressed , feel free to bring a friend along .
Can ' t you just tell me now ? I don ' t know anything for certain . We always do a double check if there is a question . I want to see you right away . You can come in this afternoon . If you are feeling too stressed , feel free to bring a friend along . I know for sure that something is wrong !
Do you speak only English in the class , or does your teacher explain everything to you in Spanish ? Oh , we never speak Spanish in class ! Miss . Parker speaks to us only in English . I suppose she's right . Does she speak English very slowly ? Not always . Sometimes we don't understand her . Then she has to repeat what she said . It must be interesting to study English .
Oh , we never speak Spanish in class ! Miss . Parker speaks to us only in English . I suppose she's right . Does she speak English very slowly ? Not always . Sometimes we don't understand her . Then she has to repeat what she said . It must be interesting to study English . Mario and I are the best students in the class . Miss . Parker says that my pronunciation is very good .
I suppose she's right . Does she speak English very slowly ? Not always . Sometimes we don't understand her . Then she has to repeat what she said . It must be interesting to study English . Mario and I are the best students in the class . Miss . Parker says that my pronunciation is very good . Is English pronunciation easy or difficult ?
Hi . Have you got a personal computer ? Certainly . What's the matter ? I wonder if you often trade with others on the internet . Sure . I often buy things or do business through it without going out to the physical stores . Great ! It's just like viewless stores . But how can you shop or order on line or trade on line ?
Certainly . What's the matter ? I wonder if you often trade with others on the internet . Sure . I often buy things or do business through it without going out to the physical stores . Great ! It's just like viewless stores . But how can you shop or order on line or trade on line ? That's simple . Just click the hyperlink , www . taobao . com or www . ebay . com , and you can see the specimen of the goods shown on the screen , and then you can place an order online with the sales company . And the goods will be delivered to your place .
I wonder if you often trade with others on the internet . Sure . I often buy things or do business through it without going out to the physical stores . Great ! It's just like viewless stores . But how can you shop or order on line or trade on line ? That's simple . Just click the hyperlink , www . taobao . com or www . ebay . com , and you can see the specimen of the goods shown on the screen , and then you can place an order online with the sales company . And the goods will be delivered to your place . Is the service charged ?
Sure . I often buy things or do business through it without going out to the physical stores . Great ! It's just like viewless stores . But how can you shop or order on line or trade on line ? That's simple . Just click the hyperlink , www . taobao . com or www . ebay . com , and you can see the specimen of the goods shown on the screen , and then you can place an order online with the sales company . And the goods will be delivered to your place . Is the service charged ? No . it's free .
Did you watch the volleyball match last night ? Yeah . Who won ? China . What is the score ?
Yeah . Who won ? China . What is the score ? China beat Brazil three to zero .
It ' s nice meeting you . It ' s nice to meet you , too . I am happy to be speaking to a presidential candidate . Would you like to ask me anything ? What do you feel about gay marriage ?
It ' s nice to meet you , too . I am happy to be speaking to a presidential candidate . Would you like to ask me anything ? What do you feel about gay marriage ? I think everyone has the right to love who they want .
I am happy to be speaking to a presidential candidate . Would you like to ask me anything ? What do you feel about gay marriage ? I think everyone has the right to love who they want . Would you legalize gay marriage ?
Would you like to ask me anything ? What do you feel about gay marriage ? I think everyone has the right to love who they want . Would you legalize gay marriage ? Yes , I would .
What do you feel about gay marriage ? I think everyone has the right to love who they want . Would you legalize gay marriage ? Yes , I would . Many people won ' t like that .
I think everyone has the right to love who they want . Would you legalize gay marriage ? Yes , I would . Many people won ' t like that . I ' m sure they won ' t , but that ' s my view on gay marriage .
Would you legalize gay marriage ? Yes , I would . Many people won ' t like that . I ' m sure they won ' t , but that ' s my view on gay marriage . I really like you .
Could I have my bill , please ? Certainly , sir . I'm afraid there's been a mistake . I'm sorry , sir . What seems to be the trouble ? I believe you have charged me twice for the same thing . Look , the figure of 6 . 5 dollar appears here , then again here .
Honey , I need to have a talk with you . Dad , I have to do my homework . No , honey , why didn't you go to cram school last night ? Dad , I don't want to talk about it now . Honey , if you don't want to go to cram school , you should tell me the reason why .
What were you and Richard talking about earlier ? It looked intense . Yeah , Richard said something to me that I didn't appreciate . Oh , no . I know how insensitive he can be . What has he done now ? He asked me how long it took me to learn English . But , you were born and raised in California !
Yeah , Richard said something to me that I didn't appreciate . Oh , no . I know how insensitive he can be . What has he done now ? He asked me how long it took me to learn English . But , you were born and raised in California ! Yeah , but I get that sometimes . It doesn't matter how many generations my family has lived in the U . S . , we'll always be foreigners in their eyes .
Oh , no . I know how insensitive he can be . What has he done now ? He asked me how long it took me to learn English . But , you were born and raised in California ! Yeah , but I get that sometimes . It doesn't matter how many generations my family has lived in the U . S . , we'll always be foreigners in their eyes . What a racist ! How can you stand working with the guy ?
He asked me how long it took me to learn English . But , you were born and raised in California ! Yeah , but I get that sometimes . It doesn't matter how many generations my family has lived in the U . S . , we'll always be foreigners in their eyes . What a racist ! How can you stand working with the guy ? You know , Richard isn't such a bad guy . He made the comment out of ignorance , not malice .
But , you were born and raised in California ! Yeah , but I get that sometimes . It doesn't matter how many generations my family has lived in the U . S . , we'll always be foreigners in their eyes . What a racist ! How can you stand working with the guy ? You know , Richard isn't such a bad guy . He made the comment out of ignorance , not malice . So , what did you say when he asked you how long it took you to learn English ?
Yeah , but I get that sometimes . It doesn't matter how many generations my family has lived in the U . S . , we'll always be foreigners in their eyes . What a racist ! How can you stand working with the guy ? You know , Richard isn't such a bad guy . He made the comment out of ignorance , not malice . So , what did you say when he asked you how long it took you to learn English ? I told him 28 years . And , he knows I'm 28 years old since I just celebrated my birthday last week . He was puzzled for a minute , and then he got it .
What a racist ! How can you stand working with the guy ? You know , Richard isn't such a bad guy . He made the comment out of ignorance , not malice . So , what did you say when he asked you how long it took you to learn English ? I told him 28 years . And , he knows I'm 28 years old since I just celebrated my birthday last week . He was puzzled for a minute , and then he got it . Are you sure he really got the message ?
You know , Richard isn't such a bad guy . He made the comment out of ignorance , not malice . So , what did you say when he asked you how long it took you to learn English ? I told him 28 years . And , he knows I'm 28 years old since I just celebrated my birthday last week . He was puzzled for a minute , and then he got it . Are you sure he really got the message ? Yeah , I'm pretty sure since I then asked him how long it took him to learn English .
So , what did you say when he asked you how long it took you to learn English ? I told him 28 years . And , he knows I'm 28 years old since I just celebrated my birthday last week . He was puzzled for a minute , and then he got it . Are you sure he really got the message ? Yeah , I'm pretty sure since I then asked him how long it took him to learn English . That's hilarious ! What did he say ?
I told him 28 years . And , he knows I'm 28 years old since I just celebrated my birthday last week . He was puzzled for a minute , and then he got it . Are you sure he really got the message ? Yeah , I'm pretty sure since I then asked him how long it took him to learn English . That's hilarious ! What did he say ? He said , ' 36 years , ' and we both laughed about it . He apologized and now , it's all good .
Hello . Could you have a taxi pick me up before 10:00 a . m . ? What is your address ? I stay at No . 115 Fucking Road . OK , a taxi will be there by 9:30 . What are your rates ?
What is your address ? I stay at No . 115 Fucking Road . OK , a taxi will be there by 9:30 . What are your rates ? It is RIB 10 yuan initially and 2 yuan for each kilometer .
I stay at No . 115 Fucking Road . OK , a taxi will be there by 9:30 . What are your rates ? It is RIB 10 yuan initially and 2 yuan for each kilometer . I have a lot of luggage . Will those fit in the taxi ?
OK , a taxi will be there by 9:30 . What are your rates ? It is RIB 10 yuan initially and 2 yuan for each kilometer . I have a lot of luggage . Will those fit in the taxi ? Take it easy . I'll send a larger to pick you up .
So what do you think of my new dress ? I think it's great ! I really like the color , and it goes really well with your eyes . I've actually been eyeing that dress at Maxine's for a while now , but I wasn't sure I could afford ninety-five dollars for a dress at the moment . Um , ninety-five dollars ? Yes , that's the price they were advertising it at . I was hoping it might go on sale soon . Why , how much did you pay for it ? I bought it for one hundred and forty-five dollars at Helen's Boutique . I didn't know I could get it cheaper somewhere else .
I think it's great ! I really like the color , and it goes really well with your eyes . I've actually been eyeing that dress at Maxine's for a while now , but I wasn't sure I could afford ninety-five dollars for a dress at the moment . Um , ninety-five dollars ? Yes , that's the price they were advertising it at . I was hoping it might go on sale soon . Why , how much did you pay for it ? I bought it for one hundred and forty-five dollars at Helen's Boutique . I didn't know I could get it cheaper somewhere else . Of course ! Everything at Helen's is overpriced , and they sell things that you can find at almost every other clothing store ! Why didn't you shop around ?
Hi Paul . How are you , friend . Not good . My cousin is driving me up the wall . How so ? He stays up untill all hours of the night , and he never lifts a finger to help . Have you talk to him about it ?
Not good . My cousin is driving me up the wall . How so ? He stays up untill all hours of the night , and he never lifts a finger to help . Have you talk to him about it ? Not yet , but I have to soon . He's eating me out of house and home . I caught him reading the fridge again last night
How so ? He stays up untill all hours of the night , and he never lifts a finger to help . Have you talk to him about it ? Not yet , but I have to soon . He's eating me out of house and home . I caught him reading the fridge again last night Ahahah , Maybe that will help you lose weight .
He stays up untill all hours of the night , and he never lifts a finger to help . Have you talk to him about it ? Not yet , but I have to soon . He's eating me out of house and home . I caught him reading the fridge again last night Ahahah , Maybe that will help you lose weight . This is no laughing matter , Nick .
Have you talk to him about it ? Not yet , but I have to soon . He's eating me out of house and home . I caught him reading the fridge again last night Ahahah , Maybe that will help you lose weight . This is no laughing matter , Nick . Sorry Paul . I couldn't help it . So why doesn't he give you a hand ?
Not yet , but I have to soon . He's eating me out of house and home . I caught him reading the fridge again last night Ahahah , Maybe that will help you lose weight . This is no laughing matter , Nick . Sorry Paul . I couldn't help it . So why doesn't he give you a hand ? He watch the tob too much . Now really I don't know . But I can't handle this much longer .
Margaret , do you think I should enroll in the science course ? Yes , I think so , If you want to graduated this year , you've got to take a science course . Right , I figure since you are doing premedical , you know about the very courses . Well , I have to take biology , chemistry , maps and physics . what you need is a good introductory course for non-science majors . Yes , I really weak in maps , I did poorly in high school .
Joe , how are you doing ? I am great ! How about you , Mary ? How are you ? I am doing great ! Thank you for asking , Joe . I was wondering if you want to go see a movie with me tonight ? I need to stay home tonight and finish my term paper .
I am great ! How about you , Mary ? How are you ? I am doing great ! Thank you for asking , Joe . I was wondering if you want to go see a movie with me tonight ? I need to stay home tonight and finish my term paper . OK . What about going to the movies on Friday night ?
I am doing great ! Thank you for asking , Joe . I was wondering if you want to go see a movie with me tonight ? I need to stay home tonight and finish my term paper . OK . What about going to the movies on Friday night ? What were you planning on seeing ?
I was wondering if you want to go see a movie with me tonight ? I need to stay home tonight and finish my term paper . OK . What about going to the movies on Friday night ? What were you planning on seeing ? I was thinking about seeing that one about the rapist serial killer .
I need to stay home tonight and finish my term paper . OK . What about going to the movies on Friday night ? What were you planning on seeing ? I was thinking about seeing that one about the rapist serial killer . How about " The Secret Life of Bees " ?
You look so happy , Anna . Any good news ? Yes . I ' Ve won the first prize in the math contest . Really ? Congratulations ! Thank you , Paul . By the way , would you like to have dinner with me tomorrow evening ? Tomorrow is my birthday .
Yes . I ' Ve won the first prize in the math contest . Really ? Congratulations ! Thank you , Paul . By the way , would you like to have dinner with me tomorrow evening ? Tomorrow is my birthday . Good , happy birthday to you !
Really ? Congratulations ! Thank you , Paul . By the way , would you like to have dinner with me tomorrow evening ? Tomorrow is my birthday . Good , happy birthday to you ! Not so soon . It ' s not my birthday today . Well , you ' ll come , won ' t you ?
Thank you , Paul . By the way , would you like to have dinner with me tomorrow evening ? Tomorrow is my birthday . Good , happy birthday to you ! Not so soon . It ' s not my birthday today . Well , you ' ll come , won ' t you ? Sure , I will . Thank you for inviting me .
Excuse me , i am a new student here . Could you tell me where the English Department is ? It is in that brand new , tall building over there . On the 9th floor . Where is the school cafeteria ? It is the basement of that red building in front of the tower with big bells . Where is the Computer Center ?
It is in that brand new , tall building over there . On the 9th floor . Where is the school cafeteria ? It is the basement of that red building in front of the tower with big bells . Where is the Computer Center ? The Computer Center is on the first floor of the library .
Where is the school cafeteria ? It is the basement of that red building in front of the tower with big bells . Where is the Computer Center ? The Computer Center is on the first floor of the library . Where is the library ?
It is the basement of that red building in front of the tower with big bells . Where is the Computer Center ? The Computer Center is on the first floor of the library . Where is the library ? The library is next to the Adminstration Building . The Adminstration Building is over there near the school ' s main entrance . There are school maps for free in the lobby of the Admin .
Where is the Computer Center ? The Computer Center is on the first floor of the library . Where is the library ? The library is next to the Adminstration Building . The Adminstration Building is over there near the school ' s main entrance . There are school maps for free in the lobby of the Admin . Thank you . I will go get one .
The Computer Center is on the first floor of the library . Where is the library ? The library is next to the Adminstration Building . The Adminstration Building is over there near the school ' s main entrance . There are school maps for free in the lobby of the Admin . Thank you . I will go get one . Sure . Glad to be of service . By the way , my name is Mike Sullivan . You will see me around a lot . I am running for President of the Student Government .
Where is the library ? The library is next to the Adminstration Building . The Adminstration Building is over there near the school ' s main entrance . There are school maps for free in the lobby of the Admin . Thank you . I will go get one . Sure . Glad to be of service . By the way , my name is Mike Sullivan . You will see me around a lot . I am running for President of the Student Government . Well , hi ! My name is Eve Markowski . I am glad to meet you . With your friendly smile and helpful attitude . I am sure you will win .
The library is next to the Adminstration Building . The Adminstration Building is over there near the school ' s main entrance . There are school maps for free in the lobby of the Admin . Thank you . I will go get one . Sure . Glad to be of service . By the way , my name is Mike Sullivan . You will see me around a lot . I am running for President of the Student Government . Well , hi ! My name is Eve Markowski . I am glad to meet you . With your friendly smile and helpful attitude . I am sure you will win . Thanks you for the encouragement .
Thank you . I will go get one . Sure . Glad to be of service . By the way , my name is Mike Sullivan . You will see me around a lot . I am running for President of the Student Government . Well , hi ! My name is Eve Markowski . I am glad to meet you . With your friendly smile and helpful attitude . I am sure you will win . Thanks you for the encouragement . You are welcome . I ' d better go . Goodbye .
Good morning , Angela , how have you been lately ? Morning , Michael . I ' Ve been very busy lately . One of our other vendors is going out of business and I ' Ve been searching for a suitable replacement . Well , rest assured that you can count on us to be here for the long run , sitdown . Coffee ? No , thanks . I ' Ve been trying to cut down on the caffeine . Haha , I could never do that . I ' d be a zombie if I didn ' t have my morning coffee fix . Let ' s get down to business then .
Morning , Michael . I ' Ve been very busy lately . One of our other vendors is going out of business and I ' Ve been searching for a suitable replacement . Well , rest assured that you can count on us to be here for the long run , sitdown . Coffee ? No , thanks . I ' Ve been trying to cut down on the caffeine . Haha , I could never do that . I ' d be a zombie if I didn ' t have my morning coffee fix . Let ' s get down to business then . Yes . I ' Ve come to talk with you about ordering the eight megapixel cameras for our new methone . The demand for phone cameras is growing , and Pear has been falling behind in the market .
Well , rest assured that you can count on us to be here for the long run , sitdown . Coffee ? No , thanks . I ' Ve been trying to cut down on the caffeine . Haha , I could never do that . I ' d be a zombie if I didn ' t have my morning coffee fix . Let ' s get down to business then . Yes . I ' Ve come to talk with you about ordering the eight megapixel cameras for our new methone . The demand for phone cameras is growing , and Pear has been falling behind in the market . That ' s great ! I ' m glad to hear that Pear has finally jumped on the bandwagon . Right now our contract is for the five megapixel cameras . Is Pear still interested in having those ?
No , thanks . I ' Ve been trying to cut down on the caffeine . Haha , I could never do that . I ' d be a zombie if I didn ' t have my morning coffee fix . Let ' s get down to business then . Yes . I ' Ve come to talk with you about ordering the eight megapixel cameras for our new methone . The demand for phone cameras is growing , and Pear has been falling behind in the market . That ' s great ! I ' m glad to hear that Pear has finally jumped on the bandwagon . Right now our contract is for the five megapixel cameras . Is Pear still interested in having those ? No , we ' re changing all the cameras to eight megapixels . We were hoping that by making your company our sole supplier for cameras we could negotiate a better deal .
When was America discovered , Tony ? I'm not certain . Do you know ? America was discovered by Christopher Columbus in 1492 . In a way that's right . But the Vikings travelled there long beforeColumbus . And what about the Red Indians ? All right . Ask me a question now .
I'm not certain . Do you know ? America was discovered by Christopher Columbus in 1492 . In a way that's right . But the Vikings travelled there long beforeColumbus . And what about the Red Indians ? All right . Ask me a question now . Who invented the electric light bulb ?
America was discovered by Christopher Columbus in 1492 . In a way that's right . But the Vikings travelled there long beforeColumbus . And what about the Red Indians ? All right . Ask me a question now . Who invented the electric light bulb ? That's easy . It was invented by Edison .
In a way that's right . But the Vikings travelled there long beforeColumbus . And what about the Red Indians ? All right . Ask me a question now . Who invented the electric light bulb ? That's easy . It was invented by Edison . Correct . Now for a harder question . Who will be the first men on Mars ?
All right . Ask me a question now . Who invented the electric light bulb ? That's easy . It was invented by Edison . Correct . Now for a harder question . Who will be the first men on Mars ? I can't answer that . But I think Mars will be visited by men before theed of this century .
Who invented the electric light bulb ? That's easy . It was invented by Edison . Correct . Now for a harder question . Who will be the first men on Mars ? I can't answer that . But I think Mars will be visited by men before theed of this century . Ask me a question now .
That's easy . It was invented by Edison . Correct . Now for a harder question . Who will be the first men on Mars ? I can't answer that . But I think Mars will be visited by men before theed of this century . Ask me a question now . All right . What is the nearest planet to the sun ?
OK , everyone . Gather around . Here are the rules . No tackling . No pushing . You shouldn't grab someone else's shirt . That's a foul . Play is stopped when the person with the ball is touched . You can touch them only between the shoulder and the knees . The touchdown lines are there and there . OK , let's play !
Is there anything worth watching on another channel ? I think there ' s a Western on . Do you mind if we watch it . I ' d really like to see it . Well , I really wanted to see the football game . Football game ? Ok , and you know what comes on next ?
I think there ' s a Western on . Do you mind if we watch it . I ' d really like to see it . Well , I really wanted to see the football game . Football game ? Ok , and you know what comes on next ? I believe there ' s a sitcom .
Do you mind if we watch it . I ' d really like to see it . Well , I really wanted to see the football game . Football game ? Ok , and you know what comes on next ? I believe there ' s a sitcom . Are you interested in watching it ?
Well , I really wanted to see the football game . Football game ? Ok , and you know what comes on next ? I believe there ' s a sitcom . Are you interested in watching it ? Let me look in the TV Guide first .
Football game ? Ok , and you know what comes on next ? I believe there ' s a sitcom . Are you interested in watching it ? Let me look in the TV Guide first . Oh , I am sorry . What's on Channel 2 at 10 pm ?
I believe there ' s a sitcom . Are you interested in watching it ? Let me look in the TV Guide first . Oh , I am sorry . What's on Channel 2 at 10 pm ? If I remember correctly , it's a quiz show .
Are you interested in watching it ? Let me look in the TV Guide first . Oh , I am sorry . What's on Channel 2 at 10 pm ? If I remember correctly , it's a quiz show . Do you want to watch it ?
Ah , here we are . This is the place I was telling you about . Would you like to sit near the window ? Good . Let's have a look at the menu . Oh , there isn't a menu . Do you think you could ask the people at the next table if we could look at their menu ?
Welcome . What can I do for you , Madam ? I hope you can give me some advice . I'm sick and tired of coming here or to the post office to pay my utility bills . It's such a long way from my home , but I checked and you are my nearest branch . Is there anyway I can do it from home ? That's terrible . Unfortunately , we don't have that many branches outside the centre of town . What I'd advise you to do is set up a Direct Debit Service . A Direct Debit Service ? What's that exactly ? A Direct Debit means that every month we can arrange for all of your utility bills to come directly out of your account , no fuss , no hassle .
I hope you can give me some advice . I'm sick and tired of coming here or to the post office to pay my utility bills . It's such a long way from my home , but I checked and you are my nearest branch . Is there anyway I can do it from home ? That's terrible . Unfortunately , we don't have that many branches outside the centre of town . What I'd advise you to do is set up a Direct Debit Service . A Direct Debit Service ? What's that exactly ? A Direct Debit means that every month we can arrange for all of your utility bills to come directly out of your account , no fuss , no hassle . But how will you know how much I should pay ? I mean , I receive my bills , not you .
That's terrible . Unfortunately , we don't have that many branches outside the centre of town . What I'd advise you to do is set up a Direct Debit Service . A Direct Debit Service ? What's that exactly ? A Direct Debit means that every month we can arrange for all of your utility bills to come directly out of your account , no fuss , no hassle . But how will you know how much I should pay ? I mean , I receive my bills , not you . We set up an agreement with the , say , phone company . They tell us how much to pay them every month and we pay directly from your account . Of course , we are able to do this with all of the utilities companies .
Hey , look , there is a circus show over there . I'm not in the mood . It's the circus . I don't want to sit there and watch them torturing the animals . Oh , come on , they give them treat too . Oh , look , that little monkey is so cute .
I'm not in the mood . It's the circus . I don't want to sit there and watch them torturing the animals . Oh , come on , they give them treat too . Oh , look , that little monkey is so cute . Cute ? Hope so .
It's the circus . I don't want to sit there and watch them torturing the animals . Oh , come on , they give them treat too . Oh , look , that little monkey is so cute . Cute ? Hope so . Oh , it is coming to us , come on , Ben , get a banana to it .
I don't want to sit there and watch them torturing the animals . Oh , come on , they give them treat too . Oh , look , that little monkey is so cute . Cute ? Hope so . Oh , it is coming to us , come on , Ben , get a banana to it . Me ? No way , keep him away from me , please .
Oh , come on , they give them treat too . Oh , look , that little monkey is so cute . Cute ? Hope so . Oh , it is coming to us , come on , Ben , get a banana to it . Me ? No way , keep him away from me , please . Why are you acting so strange today ?
Cute ? Hope so . Oh , it is coming to us , come on , Ben , get a banana to it . Me ? No way , keep him away from me , please . Why are you acting so strange today ? I've said that I've got a problem with the circus . I'm not kidding .
Hello ! How do I get more amenities ? I'm sorry , sir . I'm not sure I understand . I'm talking about the free stuff , like soap and shampoo . Oh , I see . So , you're saying that you've already run out of your amenities . No , no . I've got plenty left .
I'm sorry , sir . I'm not sure I understand . I'm talking about the free stuff , like soap and shampoo . Oh , I see . So , you're saying that you've already run out of your amenities . No , no . I've got plenty left . Now I'm confused again ! What is the problem ?
I'm talking about the free stuff , like soap and shampoo . Oh , I see . So , you're saying that you've already run out of your amenities . No , no . I've got plenty left . Now I'm confused again ! What is the problem ? What am I going to do about souvenirs ?
Oh , I see . So , you're saying that you've already run out of your amenities . No , no . I've got plenty left . Now I'm confused again ! What is the problem ? What am I going to do about souvenirs ? Oh , I get it ! You want souvenirs !
No , no . I've got plenty left . Now I'm confused again ! What is the problem ? What am I going to do about souvenirs ? Oh , I get it ! You want souvenirs ! Yes , I've got enough soap for my use , but no extra soap for souvenirs .
Now I'm confused again ! What is the problem ? What am I going to do about souvenirs ? Oh , I get it ! You want souvenirs ! Yes , I've got enough soap for my use , but no extra soap for souvenirs . Sir , our souvenir shop carries all those items , and as a guest you get a discount .
What am I going to do about souvenirs ? Oh , I get it ! You want souvenirs ! Yes , I've got enough soap for my use , but no extra soap for souvenirs . Sir , our souvenir shop carries all those items , and as a guest you get a discount . Please ! Free souvenirs are the only true souvenirs .
Bill , do you know if the cafeteria around the corner's open today ? Yes . They were open this morning when I came to work . They must've finished remodeling . Why do you want to know ? Well , I thought that maybe we could go there for lunch today . That is , if you haven't promised to go with someone else . That'd be wonderful , Peter . But I hope you're in a better mood than you were this morning . I'm sorry I was such a grouch . It must've been the weather . When it rains I get depressed .
We have the orientation this afternoon . What ' s going to be covered in the orientation ? The company introduction , our mission , vision , various policies , insurances , pension plan , company ID , batch , telephone , e-mail set-up and training . Quite a lot . All them one afternoon ? Yes , it is not easy .
I hate to go outside . Me too . Why do you hate to go outside ? I meet too many jerks . I agree .
Me too . Why do you hate to go outside ? I meet too many jerks . I agree . This city is full of jerks .
Why do you hate to go outside ? I meet too many jerks . I agree . This city is full of jerks . Rude people are everywhere .
I meet too many jerks . I agree . This city is full of jerks . Rude people are everywhere . But what can you do ?
I agree . This city is full of jerks . Rude people are everywhere . But what can you do ? You can yell at them .
This city is full of jerks . Rude people are everywhere . But what can you do ? You can yell at them . And they will yell back at you .
Rude people are everywhere . But what can you do ? You can yell at them . And they will yell back at you . Yelling doesn't do any good .
How did you find your apartment ? You can check on the bulletin boards at school for local housing . What if I need a roommate ? There are websites that can hook you up with a roommate . How much do apartments cost around here ?
You can check on the bulletin boards at school for local housing . What if I need a roommate ? There are websites that can hook you up with a roommate . How much do apartments cost around here ? It depends on what you want . Do you want a one - or two-bedroom apartment ?
What if I need a roommate ? There are websites that can hook you up with a roommate . How much do apartments cost around here ? It depends on what you want . Do you want a one - or two-bedroom apartment ? I just need a one-bedroom apartment .
There are websites that can hook you up with a roommate . How much do apartments cost around here ? It depends on what you want . Do you want a one - or two-bedroom apartment ? I just need a one-bedroom apartment . That will probably cost you around twelve hundred dollars a month .
How much do apartments cost around here ? It depends on what you want . Do you want a one - or two-bedroom apartment ? I just need a one-bedroom apartment . That will probably cost you around twelve hundred dollars a month . Would you come with me to look at apartments ?
Hey Rachael , what's up ? How is your day ? Not bad . We have had a big meeting today , remember ? Oh , yea . I forgot . So how did it go ? Pretty well . I think the boss liked my ideas . Great , so what happens now ?
What happened ? Why didn't he win ? Didn't you hear ? He was disqualified . How did that happen ? He's so talented ! I thought he had a great chance of winning a gold medal ! If he didn't have any drug problems , he would have won . What ? What kind of drugs was he using ?
Didn't you hear ? He was disqualified . How did that happen ? He's so talented ! I thought he had a great chance of winning a gold medal ! If he didn't have any drug problems , he would have won . What ? What kind of drugs was he using ? He was taking steroids to make him stronger and faster .
How did that happen ? He's so talented ! I thought he had a great chance of winning a gold medal ! If he didn't have any drug problems , he would have won . What ? What kind of drugs was he using ? He was taking steroids to make him stronger and faster . I thought that all athletes were supposed to be regularly tested for drugs .
If he didn't have any drug problems , he would have won . What ? What kind of drugs was he using ? He was taking steroids to make him stronger and faster . I thought that all athletes were supposed to be regularly tested for drugs . They are . The only reason they didn't disqualify him until after the race is because the results from the text only came back afterwards .
What ? What kind of drugs was he using ? He was taking steroids to make him stronger and faster . I thought that all athletes were supposed to be regularly tested for drugs . They are . The only reason they didn't disqualify him until after the race is because the results from the text only came back afterwards . That's so disappointing . I don't know why top athletes would feel the need to take drugs .
He was taking steroids to make him stronger and faster . I thought that all athletes were supposed to be regularly tested for drugs . They are . The only reason they didn't disqualify him until after the race is because the results from the text only came back afterwards . That's so disappointing . I don't know why top athletes would feel the need to take drugs . I don't think it's right , but I can understand why they might . Imagine how much pressure there would be to win for your country !
I thought that all athletes were supposed to be regularly tested for drugs . They are . The only reason they didn't disqualify him until after the race is because the results from the text only came back afterwards . That's so disappointing . I don't know why top athletes would feel the need to take drugs . I don't think it's right , but I can understand why they might . Imagine how much pressure there would be to win for your country ! Regardless of how much pressure you're under , there's never a good reason to take drugs .
They are . The only reason they didn't disqualify him until after the race is because the results from the text only came back afterwards . That's so disappointing . I don't know why top athletes would feel the need to take drugs . I don't think it's right , but I can understand why they might . Imagine how much pressure there would be to win for your country ! Regardless of how much pressure you're under , there's never a good reason to take drugs . I agree . Hopefully with the new regulations , fewer athletes will try to cheat with drugs .
What date would you like to depart , sir ? Do you have any seats for September 16th ? Let's see ... I'm afraid the 16th is fully booked . But I have seats for the 17th . The 17th will be fine . And what date will you be returning ?
Do you have any seats for September 16th ? Let's see ... I'm afraid the 16th is fully booked . But I have seats for the 17th . The 17th will be fine . And what date will you be returning ? Hmm , I guess on the 28th .
Let's see ... I'm afraid the 16th is fully booked . But I have seats for the 17th . The 17th will be fine . And what date will you be returning ? Hmm , I guess on the 28th . Okay , you're booked on American Airlines flight 710 , departing JFK at 6
You are an outgoing person , quite easy to talk with . Yes , my friends like to get along with me well . Do you have many friends ? Yes , I like to make new friends . What do you usually do with them ?
Hey , what's new ? Not much . Just sitting here eating some Chinese food . Is that the paper ? Why don't you open it and tell me my horoscope ? Ok , wait a minute ... let's see . I'm a Taurus , and it says , Mars is in the third house , and is soon to eclipse Venus . I don't know what that means , but then it says , Your charm and drive will win others over to your way of thinking . Remember to be positive . Sounds good to me . What about Gemini ? What's the prediction ? Since Mercury has crossed paths with Jupiter , your fortunes are falling . Bad luck will follow you today , and you will lose that which you value . Be careful .
Not much . Just sitting here eating some Chinese food . Is that the paper ? Why don't you open it and tell me my horoscope ? Ok , wait a minute ... let's see . I'm a Taurus , and it says , Mars is in the third house , and is soon to eclipse Venus . I don't know what that means , but then it says , Your charm and drive will win others over to your way of thinking . Remember to be positive . Sounds good to me . What about Gemini ? What's the prediction ? Since Mercury has crossed paths with Jupiter , your fortunes are falling . Bad luck will follow you today , and you will lose that which you value . Be careful . That sounds bad ! I'm really worried , what should I do ? Maybe I should go home and stay in the rest of the day .
How may I help you ? I ' m having a problem . What problem are you having ? There have been charges made on my debit card that I didn ' t make . Do you have the statement for your card ?
I ' m having a problem . What problem are you having ? There have been charges made on my debit card that I didn ' t make . Do you have the statement for your card ? Here it is .
What problem are you having ? There have been charges made on my debit card that I didn ' t make . Do you have the statement for your card ? Here it is . What are the charges you ' re referring to ?
There have been charges made on my debit card that I didn ' t make . Do you have the statement for your card ? Here it is . What are the charges you ' re referring to ? The last four charges on the page .
Do you have the statement for your card ? Here it is . What are the charges you ' re referring to ? The last four charges on the page . I ' m afraid we ' re going to have to investigate these charges .
Here it is . What are the charges you ' re referring to ? The last four charges on the page . I ' m afraid we ' re going to have to investigate these charges . How long will an investigation take ?
What are the charges you ' re referring to ? The last four charges on the page . I ' m afraid we ' re going to have to investigate these charges . How long will an investigation take ? I honestly don ' t know , but we will freeze payment on these charges .
Hello , Miss Wu , This is Dan Robson calling from OTC limited . I'd like to check my last order . When exactly was it sent out ? I can check that for you right now . Would you mind holding ? Sure . No problem . Mr . Robson , I'm sorry . Our computer system is down . Could I call you back later ? Sure . Do you have my number ?
I can check that for you right now . Would you mind holding ? Sure . No problem . Mr . Robson , I'm sorry . Our computer system is down . Could I call you back later ? Sure . Do you have my number ? Yes , I have it right here . I'm so sorry about this .
Do you have any questions ? Yes , do I have to work a whole year before I can take a vacation ? Yes , after you ' Ve been here a year , you qualify for a three-day vacation Only three days ? That's the company policy .
Yes , do I have to work a whole year before I can take a vacation ? Yes , after you ' Ve been here a year , you qualify for a three-day vacation Only three days ? That's the company policy . What happens if I use up my sick days before the end of the year ? If I ' m sick an extra day or two , will my pay be deducted ?
Yes , after you ' Ve been here a year , you qualify for a three-day vacation Only three days ? That's the company policy . What happens if I use up my sick days before the end of the year ? If I ' m sick an extra day or two , will my pay be deducted ? Yes . That's the company policy .
David , I ' m going to China . Really ? How did you get the chance ? You know . I took part in the Chinese contest . I was the best and they gave me this reward . I don ' t have to pay for my trip . Congratulations . How lucky you are ! Thank you . I ' m leaving tomorrow morning .
Really ? How did you get the chance ? You know . I took part in the Chinese contest . I was the best and they gave me this reward . I don ' t have to pay for my trip . Congratulations . How lucky you are ! Thank you . I ' m leaving tomorrow morning . I ' m sure you ' ll enjoy the trip . China is such a beautiful country .
You know . I took part in the Chinese contest . I was the best and they gave me this reward . I don ' t have to pay for my trip . Congratulations . How lucky you are ! Thank you . I ' m leaving tomorrow morning . I ' m sure you ' ll enjoy the trip . China is such a beautiful country . I ' m sure I will .
Congratulations . How lucky you are ! Thank you . I ' m leaving tomorrow morning . I ' m sure you ' ll enjoy the trip . China is such a beautiful country . I ' m sure I will . Have a nice journey , Lily .
That dress is very pretty . Why don ' t you like it ? It ' s too loud . We ' Ve been looking around for many hours . What on earth are you looking for ? Well , you know , those styles or colors don ' t suit me . What style do you want ?
It ' s too loud . We ' Ve been looking around for many hours . What on earth are you looking for ? Well , you know , those styles or colors don ' t suit me . What style do you want ? I want to buy a V-neck checked sweater , and it should be tight .
We ' Ve been looking around for many hours . What on earth are you looking for ? Well , you know , those styles or colors don ' t suit me . What style do you want ? I want to buy a V-neck checked sweater , and it should be tight . Oh , I see . How about the color ?
Well , you know , those styles or colors don ' t suit me . What style do you want ? I want to buy a V-neck checked sweater , and it should be tight . Oh , I see . How about the color ? Quiet color .
What style do you want ? I want to buy a V-neck checked sweater , and it should be tight . Oh , I see . How about the color ? Quiet color . I know a shop selling this kind of sweaters .
Good morning . Craftsman Company . Can I help you ? Yes , good morning . This is Mr . Suzuki from Video TV . May I speak to Mr . Johnson ? I'm sorry , but Mr . Johnson is out at the moment . Can I take a message ? Uh , yes , okay . Tell him John Suzuki called . That's S-U-Z-U-K-I . Yes .
Yes , good morning . This is Mr . Suzuki from Video TV . May I speak to Mr . Johnson ? I'm sorry , but Mr . Johnson is out at the moment . Can I take a message ? Uh , yes , okay . Tell him John Suzuki called . That's S-U-Z-U-K-I . Yes . From Video TV .
I'm sorry , but Mr . Johnson is out at the moment . Can I take a message ? Uh , yes , okay . Tell him John Suzuki called . That's S-U-Z-U-K-I . Yes . From Video TV . Yes , Video TV .
Uh , yes , okay . Tell him John Suzuki called . That's S-U-Z-U-K-I . Yes . From Video TV . Yes , Video TV . Tell him I telephoned . I'd like to see him about the videotapes . Can he call me this afternoon ?
Yes . From Video TV . Yes , Video TV . Tell him I telephoned . I'd like to see him about the videotapes . Can he call me this afternoon ? Yes , Of course . What's your telephone number ?
From Video TV . Yes , Video TV . Tell him I telephoned . I'd like to see him about the videotapes . Can he call me this afternoon ? Yes , Of course . What's your telephone number ? It's , area code 413 , 447-9626 .
Yes , Video TV . Tell him I telephoned . I'd like to see him about the videotapes . Can he call me this afternoon ? Yes , Of course . What's your telephone number ? It's , area code 413 , 447-9626 . That is 413-447-9662 ?
Tell him I telephoned . I'd like to see him about the videotapes . Can he call me this afternoon ? Yes , Of course . What's your telephone number ? It's , area code 413 , 447-9626 . That is 413-447-9662 ? No , that's 447-9626 .
Yes , Of course . What's your telephone number ? It's , area code 413 , 447-9626 . That is 413-447-9662 ? No , that's 447-9626 . Oh , I'm sorry , 447-9626 .
It's , area code 413 , 447-9626 . That is 413-447-9662 ? No , that's 447-9626 . Oh , I'm sorry , 447-9626 . Yes , that's right . Extension 162 .
That is 413-447-9662 ? No , that's 447-9626 . Oh , I'm sorry , 447-9626 . Yes , that's right . Extension 162 . Extension 162 . Okay , Mr . Suzuki . I'll give him the message .
No , that's 447-9626 . Oh , I'm sorry , 447-9626 . Yes , that's right . Extension 162 . Extension 162 . Okay , Mr . Suzuki . I'll give him the message . Thank you . Good-bye .
What kind of gas does this car take ? I don't know . It's a rental . I will give you premium unleaded . Alright ? Sure , why not ? That is the pump you are in front of .
I don't know . It's a rental . I will give you premium unleaded . Alright ? Sure , why not ? That is the pump you are in front of . Is it expensive ?
I will give you premium unleaded . Alright ? Sure , why not ? That is the pump you are in front of . Is it expensive ? It is the most expensive .
Sure , why not ? That is the pump you are in front of . Is it expensive ? It is the most expensive . Well , I don't want it then . Can I move to another pump ?
That is the pump you are in front of . Is it expensive ? It is the most expensive . Well , I don't want it then . Can I move to another pump ? Yes , I can give you regular unleaded . But you have to back up the car a little .
Is it expensive ? It is the most expensive . Well , I don't want it then . Can I move to another pump ? Yes , I can give you regular unleaded . But you have to back up the car a little . Give me regular unleaded then . I will back up . Can you wash my windows for me ?
It is the most expensive . Well , I don't want it then . Can I move to another pump ? Yes , I can give you regular unleaded . But you have to back up the car a little . Give me regular unleaded then . I will back up . Can you wash my windows for me ? I'm sorry , sir . This is not a full service gas station . I will help you fill the gas , but we don't wash windows here .
What's the matter , John ? you seemed to be restless today . You see , I've been offered a new job . I can't decide whether to take it or not . Oh , that's easy . If it's better than the one you are doing now , go for it . That's my advice . It isn't that easy . I hate to quit my present job . People around here are very nice and the work itself is challenging . Then what about the salary ? Would you get more ?
You see , I've been offered a new job . I can't decide whether to take it or not . Oh , that's easy . If it's better than the one you are doing now , go for it . That's my advice . It isn't that easy . I hate to quit my present job . People around here are very nice and the work itself is challenging . Then what about the salary ? Would you get more ? Yes , they say I would get a big sum .
Oh , that's easy . If it's better than the one you are doing now , go for it . That's my advice . It isn't that easy . I hate to quit my present job . People around here are very nice and the work itself is challenging . Then what about the salary ? Would you get more ? Yes , they say I would get a big sum . Have you discussed it with your wife ?
It isn't that easy . I hate to quit my present job . People around here are very nice and the work itself is challenging . Then what about the salary ? Would you get more ? Yes , they say I would get a big sum . Have you discussed it with your wife ? Yes , she leaves it to me .
Then what about the salary ? Would you get more ? Yes , they say I would get a big sum . Have you discussed it with your wife ? Yes , she leaves it to me . As I say it the work is well worth try . After all you can get a higher salary .
I feel like going for a drink , it's been a long day . Great idea ! Peter , I could use the drink . How about the new bar across the road ? Sounds good . The food there is fantastic too . I agree , I had lunch there last week .
Hi , Alice , what are you doing this sunday ? Nothing really , why , what ' s up ? If you are free , maybe you would like to go to a small party and having for my birthday party . It will be fun , you will get to know lots of people . Sounds great , I'd very much like to accept your invitation , thanks , when ? Around six pm .
Nothing really , why , what ' s up ? If you are free , maybe you would like to go to a small party and having for my birthday party . It will be fun , you will get to know lots of people . Sounds great , I'd very much like to accept your invitation , thanks , when ? Around six pm . Do you need help setting up or anything ? I don't mind . I like to do that kind of thing . It's fun and I have a good eye for decorating .
If you are free , maybe you would like to go to a small party and having for my birthday party . It will be fun , you will get to know lots of people . Sounds great , I'd very much like to accept your invitation , thanks , when ? Around six pm . Do you need help setting up or anything ? I don't mind . I like to do that kind of thing . It's fun and I have a good eye for decorating . No . thank you . I can handle it , but thanks for the offer .
Sounds great , I'd very much like to accept your invitation , thanks , when ? Around six pm . Do you need help setting up or anything ? I don't mind . I like to do that kind of thing . It's fun and I have a good eye for decorating . No . thank you . I can handle it , but thanks for the offer . Ok , I will see you then .
Honey , I ' ll be right back ! Where are you going ? I told you already ! I ' m going to get my nails done . Again ? You just went last week ! You spend more time at the nail salon than you do here at home ! Honestly , why do you need a manicure every week ? Well , first of all , I like to pamper myself , and my nails look great . You should come with me !
Where are you going ? I told you already ! I ' m going to get my nails done . Again ? You just went last week ! You spend more time at the nail salon than you do here at home ! Honestly , why do you need a manicure every week ? Well , first of all , I like to pamper myself , and my nails look great . You should come with me ! Why ? I don ' t want to have nail polish or anything like that !
I told you already ! I ' m going to get my nails done . Again ? You just went last week ! You spend more time at the nail salon than you do here at home ! Honestly , why do you need a manicure every week ? Well , first of all , I like to pamper myself , and my nails look great . You should come with me ! Why ? I don ' t want to have nail polish or anything like that ! They don ' t only paint my nails ! The manicurist will remove my cuticles , file my nails , and apply at least nails coats of nail polish !
I'll be willing to come and talk about the financing of our imports . It can be solved by drawing a draft on us at 90 days sight . What about a draft at 120 days sight ? All right . But we demand the draft be accepted by a bank acceptable to us . A bank's acceptance will add to the costs of our imports . You can rest assured that we will accept the draft and honour it when it comes due .
It can be solved by drawing a draft on us at 90 days sight . What about a draft at 120 days sight ? All right . But we demand the draft be accepted by a bank acceptable to us . A bank's acceptance will add to the costs of our imports . You can rest assured that we will accept the draft and honour it when it comes due . Then we will be in a position to arrange for a loan from our bank . You know we exports would like to have our investments returned as early as possible .
What about a draft at 120 days sight ? All right . But we demand the draft be accepted by a bank acceptable to us . A bank's acceptance will add to the costs of our imports . You can rest assured that we will accept the draft and honour it when it comes due . Then we will be in a position to arrange for a loan from our bank . You know we exports would like to have our investments returned as early as possible . I hope this transaction will pave the way for further business relations between our two countries .
I want something sweet after dinner . What do you have in mind ? A dessert sounds nice . What kind are you thinking of getting ? I want to get some pie .
What do you have in mind ? A dessert sounds nice . What kind are you thinking of getting ? I want to get some pie . What kind of pie do you want ?
A dessert sounds nice . What kind are you thinking of getting ? I want to get some pie . What kind of pie do you want ? I have no idea .
What kind are you thinking of getting ? I want to get some pie . What kind of pie do you want ? I have no idea . Do you want to know what kind of pie I like ?
I want to get some pie . What kind of pie do you want ? I have no idea . Do you want to know what kind of pie I like ? Sure , what kind do you like ?
What kind of pie do you want ? I have no idea . Do you want to know what kind of pie I like ? Sure , what kind do you like ? I love apple pie .
I have no idea . Do you want to know what kind of pie I like ? Sure , what kind do you like ? I love apple pie . Oh , I love apple pie too .
The product's selling points is its advanced technoledge . Unfortunately , it's just too expensive for majority of consumer to afford . Why is the price so high ? It's not just that the price is high , it's that the overhead to update an entire computer system to be compatible is costly . Model of computers aren't compatible ?
Unfortunately , it's just too expensive for majority of consumer to afford . Why is the price so high ? It's not just that the price is high , it's that the overhead to update an entire computer system to be compatible is costly . Model of computers aren't compatible ? Most current computer systems simply can't handle it because this model truly has extraordinary capabilities .
Why is the price so high ? It's not just that the price is high , it's that the overhead to update an entire computer system to be compatible is costly . Model of computers aren't compatible ? Most current computer systems simply can't handle it because this model truly has extraordinary capabilities . Maybe after the next generation of technology comes out , the price of this model will become more affordable .
It's not just that the price is high , it's that the overhead to update an entire computer system to be compatible is costly . Model of computers aren't compatible ? Most current computer systems simply can't handle it because this model truly has extraordinary capabilities . Maybe after the next generation of technology comes out , the price of this model will become more affordable . But by then , the technology will be outdated .
Model of computers aren't compatible ? Most current computer systems simply can't handle it because this model truly has extraordinary capabilities . Maybe after the next generation of technology comes out , the price of this model will become more affordable . But by then , the technology will be outdated . True , but our focus has never been affordability anyway . Coastwise , we may not be very competitive , but qualitywise , we definitely have an edge .
Most current computer systems simply can't handle it because this model truly has extraordinary capabilities . Maybe after the next generation of technology comes out , the price of this model will become more affordable . But by then , the technology will be outdated . True , but our focus has never been affordability anyway . Coastwise , we may not be very competitive , but qualitywise , we definitely have an edge . That's right , no one else has a product on the market now that is comparable .
Maybe after the next generation of technology comes out , the price of this model will become more affordable . But by then , the technology will be outdated . True , but our focus has never been affordability anyway . Coastwise , we may not be very competitive , but qualitywise , we definitely have an edge . That's right , no one else has a product on the market now that is comparable . This model has advanced technoledge , superior components , it is compact , and it's a top-quality product .
Marketing manage office , can I help you ? Mr Green , please . Sorry , he's out . What time you suspect back them ? Sorry , I am not sure , can I take a message ?
Mr Green , please . Sorry , he's out . What time you suspect back them ? Sorry , I am not sure , can I take a message ? No , thanks . I'll call back later .
Sorry , he's out . What time you suspect back them ? Sorry , I am not sure , can I take a message ? No , thanks . I'll call back later . That's fine . please call again later .
Have you heard what happened ? Heard what ? Deborah already had her baby . I didn't know that . I thought you knew .
Heard what ? Deborah already had her baby . I didn't know that . I thought you knew . I honestly didn't know .
Deborah already had her baby . I didn't know that . I thought you knew . I honestly didn't know . The baby was 8 pounds 6 ounces .
I didn't know that . I thought you knew . I honestly didn't know . The baby was 8 pounds 6 ounces . That's good to hear .
I thought you knew . I honestly didn't know . The baby was 8 pounds 6 ounces . That's good to hear . Will you go and visit them ?
I honestly didn't know . The baby was 8 pounds 6 ounces . That's good to hear . Will you go and visit them ? Of course I will .
The baby was 8 pounds 6 ounces . That's good to hear . Will you go and visit them ? Of course I will . I just wanted to give you the good news .
What do you think of this one ? Eh , so so . And this one ? Too flashy ? Nah , not too flashy . Hug ! And this sweater from my aunt ? Isn ' t it hideous ?
Eh , so so . And this one ? Too flashy ? Nah , not too flashy . Hug ! And this sweater from my aunt ? Isn ' t it hideous ? I guess .
And this one ? Too flashy ? Nah , not too flashy . Hug ! And this sweater from my aunt ? Isn ' t it hideous ? I guess . Are you even listening ? I ' m trying to have a conversation with you .
Nah , not too flashy . Hug ! And this sweater from my aunt ? Isn ' t it hideous ? I guess . Are you even listening ? I ' m trying to have a conversation with you . And I ' m trying to watch the game , but you ' re yapping on about your new clothes !
Hug ! And this sweater from my aunt ? Isn ' t it hideous ? I guess . Are you even listening ? I ' m trying to have a conversation with you . And I ' m trying to watch the game , but you ' re yapping on about your new clothes ! Well I have to decide which gifts to keep and which to exchange for better ones when I go to the Boxing Day sales this afternoon !
I guess . Are you even listening ? I ' m trying to have a conversation with you . And I ' m trying to watch the game , but you ' re yapping on about your new clothes ! Well I have to decide which gifts to keep and which to exchange for better ones when I go to the Boxing Day sales this afternoon ! Well could you do me the favor of making this quick ? It ' s the third quarter and you ' Ve been blabbering on since the first !
Are you even listening ? I ' m trying to have a conversation with you . And I ' m trying to watch the game , but you ' re yapping on about your new clothes ! Well I have to decide which gifts to keep and which to exchange for better ones when I go to the Boxing Day sales this afternoon ! Well could you do me the favor of making this quick ? It ' s the third quarter and you ' Ve been blabbering on since the first ! Oh , your precious game . You watch the same game every year , and each year your beloved hometown team loses by at least three goals !
And I ' m trying to watch the game , but you ' re yapping on about your new clothes ! Well I have to decide which gifts to keep and which to exchange for better ones when I go to the Boxing Day sales this afternoon ! Well could you do me the favor of making this quick ? It ' s the third quarter and you ' Ve been blabbering on since the first ! Oh , your precious game . You watch the same game every year , and each year your beloved hometown team loses by at least three goals ! Oh no you didn ' t . You didn ' t just insult the Sals-bury Seals , did you ? Why don ' t you just . just go and return all of those stupid clothes and not come back until the sales are over ?
What time does the train for Tibet leave ? It will leave at 3:00 p . m . When does it arrive ? It should be due in at 7:30 a . m . tomorrow . How much is the ticket ?
It will leave at 3:00 p . m . When does it arrive ? It should be due in at 7:30 a . m . tomorrow . How much is the ticket ? It's 86 coach and 175 berths
What type of people do you work with most effectively ? I tend to work well with people who are confident and straightforward . It ' s more difficult for me to be around timid people , because I move quickly and I am decisive . What things impress you in your colleagues ? I admire and work best with people who are of good character and integrity . I also think confidence and enthusiasm is positive in any business environment . What are some of the things your supervisor did that you disliked ?
I tend to work well with people who are confident and straightforward . It ' s more difficult for me to be around timid people , because I move quickly and I am decisive . What things impress you in your colleagues ? I admire and work best with people who are of good character and integrity . I also think confidence and enthusiasm is positive in any business environment . What are some of the things your supervisor did that you disliked ? The only thing I really don't like is to get feedback in front of others . I want to hear good and bad feedback in private , so that I have time to think and react to the issue without other distractions . I believe that's the fair way to improve learning or to change future behavior .
What things impress you in your colleagues ? I admire and work best with people who are of good character and integrity . I also think confidence and enthusiasm is positive in any business environment . What are some of the things your supervisor did that you disliked ? The only thing I really don't like is to get feedback in front of others . I want to hear good and bad feedback in private , so that I have time to think and react to the issue without other distractions . I believe that's the fair way to improve learning or to change future behavior . How do you organize and plan for major projects ?
I admire and work best with people who are of good character and integrity . I also think confidence and enthusiasm is positive in any business environment . What are some of the things your supervisor did that you disliked ? The only thing I really don't like is to get feedback in front of others . I want to hear good and bad feedback in private , so that I have time to think and react to the issue without other distractions . I believe that's the fair way to improve learning or to change future behavior . How do you organize and plan for major projects ? I love to brainstorm a best , worst , and most likely scenario . Then , I set a timetable that's realistic . What I usually find is that some combination of my schedule easily as these things unfold because I've already visualized what could happen and how I'd react .
What are some of the things your supervisor did that you disliked ? The only thing I really don't like is to get feedback in front of others . I want to hear good and bad feedback in private , so that I have time to think and react to the issue without other distractions . I believe that's the fair way to improve learning or to change future behavior . How do you organize and plan for major projects ? I love to brainstorm a best , worst , and most likely scenario . Then , I set a timetable that's realistic . What I usually find is that some combination of my schedule easily as these things unfold because I've already visualized what could happen and how I'd react . Describe an experience when you had to work under great pressure .
The only thing I really don't like is to get feedback in front of others . I want to hear good and bad feedback in private , so that I have time to think and react to the issue without other distractions . I believe that's the fair way to improve learning or to change future behavior . How do you organize and plan for major projects ? I love to brainstorm a best , worst , and most likely scenario . Then , I set a timetable that's realistic . What I usually find is that some combination of my schedule easily as these things unfold because I've already visualized what could happen and how I'd react . Describe an experience when you had to work under great pressure . I had to complete an end of quarter report once while I was on the road for two consecutive weeks . The amount of telephoning back and forth was incredible , because I could't bring my office files with me . Luckily I had a great secretary and a logical filling system , so we located everything we needed .
How do you organize and plan for major projects ? I love to brainstorm a best , worst , and most likely scenario . Then , I set a timetable that's realistic . What I usually find is that some combination of my schedule easily as these things unfold because I've already visualized what could happen and how I'd react . Describe an experience when you had to work under great pressure . I had to complete an end of quarter report once while I was on the road for two consecutive weeks . The amount of telephoning back and forth was incredible , because I could't bring my office files with me . Luckily I had a great secretary and a logical filling system , so we located everything we needed . How do you manage your time in a typical day ?
I love to brainstorm a best , worst , and most likely scenario . Then , I set a timetable that's realistic . What I usually find is that some combination of my schedule easily as these things unfold because I've already visualized what could happen and how I'd react . Describe an experience when you had to work under great pressure . I had to complete an end of quarter report once while I was on the road for two consecutive weeks . The amount of telephoning back and forth was incredible , because I could't bring my office files with me . Luckily I had a great secretary and a logical filling system , so we located everything we needed . How do you manage your time in a typical day ? I've always given priority to work with established clients , because they offer a better risk / return value . The last thing I do is general correspondence , especially internal correspondence , which I take care of at the end of the day or week .
Describe an experience when you had to work under great pressure . I had to complete an end of quarter report once while I was on the road for two consecutive weeks . The amount of telephoning back and forth was incredible , because I could't bring my office files with me . Luckily I had a great secretary and a logical filling system , so we located everything we needed . How do you manage your time in a typical day ? I've always given priority to work with established clients , because they offer a better risk / return value . The last thing I do is general correspondence , especially internal correspondence , which I take care of at the end of the day or week . Describe a time when you acted on someone's suggestion .
How do you spend your day , Helen ? Well , on weekdays I get up around ten . Then I read the paper for an hour and have lunch at about noon . Really ? What time do you go to work ? I start work at three . And when do you get home at night ?
Well , on weekdays I get up around ten . Then I read the paper for an hour and have lunch at about noon . Really ? What time do you go to work ? I start work at three . And when do you get home at night ? I get home pretty late , around midnight .
Really ? What time do you go to work ? I start work at three . And when do you get home at night ? I get home pretty late , around midnight . So what do you do , exactly ?
I start work at three . And when do you get home at night ? I get home pretty late , around midnight . So what do you do , exactly ? I'm a TV announcer . Don't you recognize me ? I do the weather report on KNT !
Do you have anything to do after this ? No , I don't . Shall we drop in somewhere for a couple of drinks ? That sounds like a good idea . I know a very interesting place .
Man , I'm hungry . Do you know a good place to have lunch ? Yes , I know a great place . What types of food do you like ? Mexican , Japanese or Chinese would be great . Oh , I know a place where you might like to eat . Is it close by ?
Yes , I know a great place . What types of food do you like ? Mexican , Japanese or Chinese would be great . Oh , I know a place where you might like to eat . Is it close by ? It's down a block on the right ; can I show you the way ?
Mexican , Japanese or Chinese would be great . Oh , I know a place where you might like to eat . Is it close by ? It's down a block on the right ; can I show you the way ? OK , I'd love the company .
Have you adapted to the lifestyle in China ? Yeah , almost . But there is one thing . What ? I still wonder what privacy meant for Chinese people . I don't mean to say that there's no privacy in China , but ... What is it ?
Yeah , almost . But there is one thing . What ? I still wonder what privacy meant for Chinese people . I don't mean to say that there's no privacy in China , but ... What is it ? Some of my Chinese colleagues just share their personal stories in front of others .
What ? I still wonder what privacy meant for Chinese people . I don't mean to say that there's no privacy in China , but ... What is it ? Some of my Chinese colleagues just share their personal stories in front of others . That makes you feel uncomfortable ?
I still wonder what privacy meant for Chinese people . I don't mean to say that there's no privacy in China , but ... What is it ? Some of my Chinese colleagues just share their personal stories in front of others . That makes you feel uncomfortable ? Yeah . we never do that in a public office .
What is it ? Some of my Chinese colleagues just share their personal stories in front of others . That makes you feel uncomfortable ? Yeah . we never do that in a public office . Perhaps that's because we hold different ideas about privacy .
Some of my Chinese colleagues just share their personal stories in front of others . That makes you feel uncomfortable ? Yeah . we never do that in a public office . Perhaps that's because we hold different ideas about privacy . I have felt that . One day when i was in a queue , reading a newspaper story , the man behind me peered through my shoulder and stared at the newspaper I was holding .
That makes you feel uncomfortable ? Yeah . we never do that in a public office . Perhaps that's because we hold different ideas about privacy . I have felt that . One day when i was in a queue , reading a newspaper story , the man behind me peered through my shoulder and stared at the newspaper I was holding . Well , that's not rare . I've seen people reading at others ' newspaper while taking a metro or a bus .
Yeah . we never do that in a public office . Perhaps that's because we hold different ideas about privacy . I have felt that . One day when i was in a queue , reading a newspaper story , the man behind me peered through my shoulder and stared at the newspaper I was holding . Well , that's not rare . I've seen people reading at others ' newspaper while taking a metro or a bus . Just stare at the newspaper holding in the hands of the one next to him ?
Perhaps that's because we hold different ideas about privacy . I have felt that . One day when i was in a queue , reading a newspaper story , the man behind me peered through my shoulder and stared at the newspaper I was holding . Well , that's not rare . I've seen people reading at others ' newspaper while taking a metro or a bus . Just stare at the newspaper holding in the hands of the one next to him ? Yeah .
Steven , shall we go shopping tomorrow ? Hum ... Why not go shopping the day after tomorrow ? Tomorrow is Saturday . I hate all the hustle and bustle of Saturday shopping . But Sunday is the same with Saturday . If you don ' t mind , that's OK . Hum . Maybe it will be better . The most important thing is that I can have a day to relax after a week's work . I see . We will go the day after tomorrow .
Hum ... Why not go shopping the day after tomorrow ? Tomorrow is Saturday . I hate all the hustle and bustle of Saturday shopping . But Sunday is the same with Saturday . If you don ' t mind , that's OK . Hum . Maybe it will be better . The most important thing is that I can have a day to relax after a week's work . I see . We will go the day after tomorrow . By the way , what kind of stores do we need to go ?
But Sunday is the same with Saturday . If you don ' t mind , that's OK . Hum . Maybe it will be better . The most important thing is that I can have a day to relax after a week's work . I see . We will go the day after tomorrow . By the way , what kind of stores do we need to go ? I want to buy some clothes in clothing store . When we are going back , go to the butcher's shop and buy some chicken .
Hum . Maybe it will be better . The most important thing is that I can have a day to relax after a week's work . I see . We will go the day after tomorrow . By the way , what kind of stores do we need to go ? I want to buy some clothes in clothing store . When we are going back , go to the butcher's shop and buy some chicken . Let ' s also go to the jewelry store to buy a crystal necklace . I want to buy one for you as your birthday present .
Here is the fish counter . Look at the lobsters and crabs . Shall we have some ? I'm allergic to these things , you know . Sorry , I forgot . I don ' t like seafood , neither . Let ' s go over there and get some milk , a couple dozen eggs and some orange juice . Let's get frozen juice . It is really good . We ' Ve got enough food . Let ' s go over to the check-out stand .
Sorry . I didn't mean to be late . Can I come in ? What's your excuse this time ? Have I used the one that my sister is sick ? Yes , twice last week . Are you sure ? I thought I said it was my mother .
What's your excuse this time ? Have I used the one that my sister is sick ? Yes , twice last week . Are you sure ? I thought I said it was my mother . I don't think so . But it could've been .
Have I used the one that my sister is sick ? Yes , twice last week . Are you sure ? I thought I said it was my mother . I don't think so . But it could've been . Well . You can trust me this time . My sister is definitely sick . I'm just coming from the hospital . They say she might even die .
Yes , twice last week . Are you sure ? I thought I said it was my mother . I don't think so . But it could've been . Well . You can trust me this time . My sister is definitely sick . I'm just coming from the hospital . They say she might even die . I don't buy your story . Try not to have any more sick relatives this week , all right ?
Are you sure ? I thought I said it was my mother . I don't think so . But it could've been . Well . You can trust me this time . My sister is definitely sick . I'm just coming from the hospital . They say she might even die . I don't buy your story . Try not to have any more sick relatives this week , all right ? I'll do my best .
I don't think so . But it could've been . Well . You can trust me this time . My sister is definitely sick . I'm just coming from the hospital . They say she might even die . I don't buy your story . Try not to have any more sick relatives this week , all right ? I'll do my best . Just try to be a little more punctual in the future .
I'm so glad I bought this watch ! Cool ! Flashy red lines ! I think this is the coolest watch I've ever owned . Is it waterproof ? Isn't that a silly question ? You know how much of an athlete I am .
Cool ! Flashy red lines ! I think this is the coolest watch I've ever owned . Is it waterproof ? Isn't that a silly question ? You know how much of an athlete I am . Uh , huh ... so what kind of sports do you need a waterproof watch for ?
Is there anything else , apart from the Credit Rating and Debt to Asset Ratio ? There is the Balance of Net Liabilities . This must not exceed its net assets and no business loss can be shown during the past two years . Right , OK . That , again , shouldn't be a problem . And the total ratio of return on assets should not be lower than the average , for that particular industry , for the first two quarters of the year . Well , as far as I can tell , we qualify .
Hi , Sam . I want to buy a pet . Do you have any ideas ? You really should go to Rachel's pet store . Why ? anything special there ? It's more than special . You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more . Oh , really ? are there any snakes ?
You really should go to Rachel's pet store . Why ? anything special there ? It's more than special . You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more . Oh , really ? are there any snakes ? Snakes ? there are even rodents and monkeys ! it's a world of exotic pets .
Why ? anything special there ? It's more than special . You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more . Oh , really ? are there any snakes ? Snakes ? there are even rodents and monkeys ! it's a world of exotic pets . That's terrific . I can't wait to check it out .
It's more than special . You can find as many kinds of animals as you can put a name to and more . Oh , really ? are there any snakes ? Snakes ? there are even rodents and monkeys ! it's a world of exotic pets . That's terrific . I can't wait to check it out . Hang on . are you sure you want to keep a non-traditional pet ?
Oh , really ? are there any snakes ? Snakes ? there are even rodents and monkeys ! it's a world of exotic pets . That's terrific . I can't wait to check it out . Hang on . are you sure you want to keep a non-traditional pet ? Why not ? it's so cool .
Snakes ? there are even rodents and monkeys ! it's a world of exotic pets . That's terrific . I can't wait to check it out . Hang on . are you sure you want to keep a non-traditional pet ? Why not ? it's so cool . But it will pose a risk to your health .
That's terrific . I can't wait to check it out . Hang on . are you sure you want to keep a non-traditional pet ? Why not ? it's so cool . But it will pose a risk to your health . Pardon ?
Hang on . are you sure you want to keep a non-traditional pet ? Why not ? it's so cool . But it will pose a risk to your health . Pardon ? I mean , most reptiles carry some harmful bacteria , they are likely to cause immune system problems .
Why not ? it's so cool . But it will pose a risk to your health . Pardon ? I mean , most reptiles carry some harmful bacteria , they are likely to cause immune system problems . Well , I didn't realize that .
But it will pose a risk to your health . Pardon ? I mean , most reptiles carry some harmful bacteria , they are likely to cause immune system problems . Well , I didn't realize that . I don't believe it's a good choice to keep those pets , especially for families with young children .
Pardon ? I mean , most reptiles carry some harmful bacteria , they are likely to cause immune system problems . Well , I didn't realize that . I don't believe it's a good choice to keep those pets , especially for families with young children . Oh , I should have thought of my brother's baby girl . Maybe I'll just have a dog instead of an exotic pet .
Good evening . What'll you have ? I'd like a beer . What kind of beer do you have ? Draft beer and cans beer . Which do you prefer ? A draft beer please . OK . Here you are .
I'd like a beer . What kind of beer do you have ? Draft beer and cans beer . Which do you prefer ? A draft beer please . OK . Here you are . Could I have some fruit ?
Want to send out for some Chinese ? Some what ? Some Chinese food . I'm hungry , and there's a take-out restaurant near here . We can have them deliver and then watch the news on TV while we eat . No , I'd rather go out . The Chinese food here is rather different from what I had at home . Maybe we can try some other food today ... What about that all-you-can-eat place we passed the other day , the one over in the shopping center ? Okay . I could go for that . It's called Al's Steakhouse . They also have great fried fish , and I love their salad bar . You can go back to refill your plate as often as you like .
Some what ? Some Chinese food . I'm hungry , and there's a take-out restaurant near here . We can have them deliver and then watch the news on TV while we eat . No , I'd rather go out . The Chinese food here is rather different from what I had at home . Maybe we can try some other food today ... What about that all-you-can-eat place we passed the other day , the one over in the shopping center ? Okay . I could go for that . It's called Al's Steakhouse . They also have great fried fish , and I love their salad bar . You can go back to refill your plate as often as you like . Is that the place that serves such large portions of meat ?
Some Chinese food . I'm hungry , and there's a take-out restaurant near here . We can have them deliver and then watch the news on TV while we eat . No , I'd rather go out . The Chinese food here is rather different from what I had at home . Maybe we can try some other food today ... What about that all-you-can-eat place we passed the other day , the one over in the shopping center ? Okay . I could go for that . It's called Al's Steakhouse . They also have great fried fish , and I love their salad bar . You can go back to refill your plate as often as you like . Is that the place that serves such large portions of meat ? Yes , their steaks are enormous . Sometimes I can't finish what I've ordered .
No , I'd rather go out . The Chinese food here is rather different from what I had at home . Maybe we can try some other food today ... What about that all-you-can-eat place we passed the other day , the one over in the shopping center ? Okay . I could go for that . It's called Al's Steakhouse . They also have great fried fish , and I love their salad bar . You can go back to refill your plate as often as you like . Is that the place that serves such large portions of meat ? Yes , their steaks are enormous . Sometimes I can't finish what I've ordered . What if that happens to me ? I hate to let food go to waste .
Have you ever tried shopping online ? No , never . I prefer to actually see and touch what I'm buying before I pay for it , especially for clothes and shoes . That's right . Seeing is believing . I've heard some friends say when they get the article , it's quite different from what they see on the website advertisement . That happens . Without close quality examination , we may encounter fraud , and the e-shop may suddenly disappear .
No , never . I prefer to actually see and touch what I'm buying before I pay for it , especially for clothes and shoes . That's right . Seeing is believing . I've heard some friends say when they get the article , it's quite different from what they see on the website advertisement . That happens . Without close quality examination , we may encounter fraud , and the e-shop may suddenly disappear . What's more , it's not always so safe for us to pay online as hackers might steal the user name and password .
That's right . Seeing is believing . I've heard some friends say when they get the article , it's quite different from what they see on the website advertisement . That happens . Without close quality examination , we may encounter fraud , and the e-shop may suddenly disappear . What's more , it's not always so safe for us to pay online as hackers might steal the user name and password . It's said that some measures have been taken to deal with this problem . Paying online is much safer than before , but I still have the feeling that it's not safe enough .
I've heard some friends say when they get the article , it's quite different from what they see on the website advertisement . That happens . Without close quality examination , we may encounter fraud , and the e-shop may suddenly disappear . What's more , it's not always so safe for us to pay online as hackers might steal the user name and password . It's said that some measures have been taken to deal with this problem . Paying online is much safer than before , but I still have the feeling that it's not safe enough . I can't agree more . that's why I only do street shopping .
That happens . Without close quality examination , we may encounter fraud , and the e-shop may suddenly disappear . What's more , it's not always so safe for us to pay online as hackers might steal the user name and password . It's said that some measures have been taken to deal with this problem . Paying online is much safer than before , but I still have the feeling that it's not safe enough . I can't agree more . that's why I only do street shopping . Me too . Sometimes I surf online shops to check some related information , and then go to a physical store to do the actual shopping .
This is the Bell Captain's Desk . May I help you ? Yes , I've been waiting for my bags to be sent up for the last half hour . Where are they ? I'm very sorry to hear that . May I have your name and room number , please ? Yes , it's Yao Lan . Room 406 . And how many pieces did you have ?
Yes , I've been waiting for my bags to be sent up for the last half hour . Where are they ? I'm very sorry to hear that . May I have your name and room number , please ? Yes , it's Yao Lan . Room 406 . And how many pieces did you have ? Two suitcases and a handbag . The suitcases are blue and the shoulder bag is red .
I'm very sorry to hear that . May I have your name and room number , please ? Yes , it's Yao Lan . Room 406 . And how many pieces did you have ? Two suitcases and a handbag . The suitcases are blue and the shoulder bag is red . Is there a name tag attached to them ?
Yes , it's Yao Lan . Room 406 . And how many pieces did you have ? Two suitcases and a handbag . The suitcases are blue and the shoulder bag is red . Is there a name tag attached to them ? Yes , there is .
Do you think my briefcase is big enough to put in all these stuff ? Let me see . Laptop , flash disk , a ballpoint pen , a pencil , a notebook , a pair of glasses , cell phone , charger , moisture lotion , ... Oh , that is too much . You are not going to a business trip . I guess I need all of them . Actually , the company will provide you with all of these supplies . So , you can leave this very thick notebook at home . I know . But it is my lucky charm . I carry it all the time .
did you know that abortion is still illegal in many states in the USA ? why ? I thought Americans were supposed to be more open than that . well , for many religious people , they believe that people who abort their babies are murderers . do you think most people in America believe that abortion is wrong ? no , I think it's mostly the older generation who are against abortions .
why ? I thought Americans were supposed to be more open than that . well , for many religious people , they believe that people who abort their babies are murderers . do you think most people in America believe that abortion is wrong ? no , I think it's mostly the older generation who are against abortions . it's no wonder there are so many teenage pregnancies in America .
well , for many religious people , they believe that people who abort their babies are murderers . do you think most people in America believe that abortion is wrong ? no , I think it's mostly the older generation who are against abortions . it's no wonder there are so many teenage pregnancies in America . religious people blame it on pre-marital sex , not on abortion being illegal .
do you think most people in America believe that abortion is wrong ? no , I think it's mostly the older generation who are against abortions . it's no wonder there are so many teenage pregnancies in America . religious people blame it on pre-marital sex , not on abortion being illegal . what do you think about abortion ?
no , I think it's mostly the older generation who are against abortions . it's no wonder there are so many teenage pregnancies in America . religious people blame it on pre-marital sex , not on abortion being illegal . what do you think about abortion ? I personally would never want to have one , but I think that since a pregnancy can affect a woman's entire life , she should have the right to decide for herself .
it's no wonder there are so many teenage pregnancies in America . religious people blame it on pre-marital sex , not on abortion being illegal . what do you think about abortion ? I personally would never want to have one , but I think that since a pregnancy can affect a woman's entire life , she should have the right to decide for herself . do you think the fathers should have some kind of say in the matter ?
religious people blame it on pre-marital sex , not on abortion being illegal . what do you think about abortion ? I personally would never want to have one , but I think that since a pregnancy can affect a woman's entire life , she should have the right to decide for herself . do you think the fathers should have some kind of say in the matter ? I know this is going to sound sexist , but I don't think that men should have to give their approval to the mothers of their children .
what do you think about abortion ? I personally would never want to have one , but I think that since a pregnancy can affect a woman's entire life , she should have the right to decide for herself . do you think the fathers should have some kind of say in the matter ? I know this is going to sound sexist , but I don't think that men should have to give their approval to the mothers of their children . why not ? It's their children , too .
I personally would never want to have one , but I think that since a pregnancy can affect a woman's entire life , she should have the right to decide for herself . do you think the fathers should have some kind of say in the matter ? I know this is going to sound sexist , but I don't think that men should have to give their approval to the mothers of their children . why not ? It's their children , too . that may be true , but when a woman gets pregnant , it changes her life completely . Men can still carry on with their lives after the birth exactly as they did beforehand .
Hi . I ' m here to catch flight 513 to New York . May I see your ticket please ? Here you are . Do you need to see my passport ? Any form of picture I . D . will do . Mmmm ... a photo I . D . I have my New Jersey driver ' s license . Is that ok ?
May I see your ticket please ? Here you are . Do you need to see my passport ? Any form of picture I . D . will do . Mmmm ... a photo I . D . I have my New Jersey driver ' s license . Is that ok ? That will do . What an interesting picture ! How old is it ?
Here you are . Do you need to see my passport ? Any form of picture I . D . will do . Mmmm ... a photo I . D . I have my New Jersey driver ' s license . Is that ok ? That will do . What an interesting picture ! How old is it ? Actually it wad taken just last year , but I had a shaved head and a beard . Can you still recognize me ?
Any form of picture I . D . will do . Mmmm ... a photo I . D . I have my New Jersey driver ' s license . Is that ok ? That will do . What an interesting picture ! How old is it ? Actually it wad taken just last year , but I had a shaved head and a beard . Can you still recognize me ? Barely . Will you be checking any luggage today ?
Mmmm ... a photo I . D . I have my New Jersey driver ' s license . Is that ok ? That will do . What an interesting picture ! How old is it ? Actually it wad taken just last year , but I had a shaved head and a beard . Can you still recognize me ? Barely . Will you be checking any luggage today ? Yes , One suitcase . I also have a carry-on bag .
You're not looking happy . What's the matter ? Oh , nothing special . I'm just a bit tired . With the job ? With everything , with everybody , with all this ! A good suggestion for you . You need a holiday .
Oh , nothing special . I'm just a bit tired . With the job ? With everything , with everybody , with all this ! A good suggestion for you . You need a holiday . It wasn't always like this , you know .
With the job ? With everything , with everybody , with all this ! A good suggestion for you . You need a holiday . It wasn't always like this , you know . What do you mean ?
With everything , with everybody , with all this ! A good suggestion for you . You need a holiday . It wasn't always like this , you know . What do you mean ? Well , I mean . We always do the same thing . There's no variety in our lives .
A good suggestion for you . You need a holiday . It wasn't always like this , you know . What do you mean ? Well , I mean . We always do the same thing . There's no variety in our lives . You need a holiday . That's what's the matter .
Did you pack this bag yourself ? Has it been out of your possession at any time before checking-in ? Yes , I packed it myself , and it hasn ' t been out of my possession . Are you bringing in any plants or animal products ? No . Our sniffer dog seems to disagree . Do you mind if we look in your suitcase ?
Yes , I packed it myself , and it hasn ' t been out of my possession . Are you bringing in any plants or animal products ? No . Our sniffer dog seems to disagree . Do you mind if we look in your suitcase ? Not at all . Go right ahead .
Are you bringing in any plants or animal products ? No . Our sniffer dog seems to disagree . Do you mind if we look in your suitcase ? Not at all . Go right ahead . What ' s this sir ?
No . Our sniffer dog seems to disagree . Do you mind if we look in your suitcase ? Not at all . Go right ahead . What ' s this sir ? It ' s traditional Chinese Medicine . I mix it with hot water like tea . Sorry . I forgot about it .
Our sniffer dog seems to disagree . Do you mind if we look in your suitcase ? Not at all . Go right ahead . What ' s this sir ? It ' s traditional Chinese Medicine . I mix it with hot water like tea . Sorry . I forgot about it . What are these red things sir ?
Not at all . Go right ahead . What ' s this sir ? It ' s traditional Chinese Medicine . I mix it with hot water like tea . Sorry . I forgot about it . What are these red things sir ? Oh no ! I forgot about those too ! Those are Chinese sausages for my Aunt Lily .
May I help you with something ? I would like to return some books . I ' ll take them . Here you go . These books were due two weeks ago .
I would like to return some books . I ' ll take them . Here you go . These books were due two weeks ago . Yeah . I totally forgot they were due .
I ' ll take them . Here you go . These books were due two weeks ago . Yeah . I totally forgot they were due . You will need to pay late fees on these books .
Here you go . These books were due two weeks ago . Yeah . I totally forgot they were due . You will need to pay late fees on these books . How much are the late fees ?
These books were due two weeks ago . Yeah . I totally forgot they were due . You will need to pay late fees on these books . How much are the late fees ? The fee is 25 cents every day .
Yeah . I totally forgot they were due . You will need to pay late fees on these books . How much are the late fees ? The fee is 25 cents every day . I have to pay 25 cents a day ?
You will need to pay late fees on these books . How much are the late fees ? The fee is 25 cents every day . I have to pay 25 cents a day ? And that ' s for each book that is late .
Now please tell me something about your past work achievements . All right , madam . When I was sales manager at the Beijing Friendship Store . I succeeded in raising the yearly sales volume by 25 % and profit margins from 50 % to 80 % . That is quite an achievement ! Do you consider it your most rewarding work experience ? I don't think so . I'll create further achievement in the future . Have you received any honors ?
All right , madam . When I was sales manager at the Beijing Friendship Store . I succeeded in raising the yearly sales volume by 25 % and profit margins from 50 % to 80 % . That is quite an achievement ! Do you consider it your most rewarding work experience ? I don't think so . I'll create further achievement in the future . Have you received any honors ? Yes . I got the title of " Advance Worker " in 2006 .
That is quite an achievement ! Do you consider it your most rewarding work experience ? I don't think so . I'll create further achievement in the future . Have you received any honors ? Yes . I got the title of " Advance Worker " in 2006 . Do you have any publications ?
Peter , how often do you exercise ? Well , I swim and run every day . Now , tell me , what do you eat ? Well , I don't eat any meat , but I do eat fish and eggs . Do you eat a lot of vegetables ?
Well , I swim and run every day . Now , tell me , what do you eat ? Well , I don't eat any meat , but I do eat fish and eggs . Do you eat a lot of vegetables ? Oh yes , and fruit , I love fruit .
Now , tell me , what do you eat ? Well , I don't eat any meat , but I do eat fish and eggs . Do you eat a lot of vegetables ? Oh yes , and fruit , I love fruit . What do you drink ?
( A stranger stops to help ) Everything OK ? No ! My tour bus got a speeding ticket not ten minutes ago . Now my engine is on fire ! I think that's just steam . Your engine's overheated . Do you know a lot about cars ? A little bit . I'll take a look if you want me to .
No ! My tour bus got a speeding ticket not ten minutes ago . Now my engine is on fire ! I think that's just steam . Your engine's overheated . Do you know a lot about cars ? A little bit . I'll take a look if you want me to . Please . Thank you so much for stopping .
I think that's just steam . Your engine's overheated . Do you know a lot about cars ? A little bit . I'll take a look if you want me to . Please . Thank you so much for stopping . Yeah , she's hot . Radiator's leaking . Looks like you were running her pretty hard .
Do you know a lot about cars ? A little bit . I'll take a look if you want me to . Please . Thank you so much for stopping . Yeah , she's hot . Radiator's leaking . Looks like you were running her pretty hard . That must have been just before I got the speeding ticket .
A little bit . I'll take a look if you want me to . Please . Thank you so much for stopping . Yeah , she's hot . Radiator's leaking . Looks like you were running her pretty hard . That must have been just before I got the speeding ticket . Did you have an accident recently ... Hey , wait a second ! I know this car !
Please . Thank you so much for stopping . Yeah , she's hot . Radiator's leaking . Looks like you were running her pretty hard . That must have been just before I got the speeding ticket . Did you have an accident recently ... Hey , wait a second ! I know this car ! You do ?
Yeah , she's hot . Radiator's leaking . Looks like you were running her pretty hard . That must have been just before I got the speeding ticket . Did you have an accident recently ... Hey , wait a second ! I know this car ! You do ? I ran into it a couple of weeks ago . What do you know ? Name's Hal .
That must have been just before I got the speeding ticket . Did you have an accident recently ... Hey , wait a second ! I know this car ! You do ? I ran into it a couple of weeks ago . What do you know ? Name's Hal . I'm Akimbo . Nice to meet you , I guess .
Did you have an accident recently ... Hey , wait a second ! I know this car ! You do ? I ran into it a couple of weeks ago . What do you know ? Name's Hal . I'm Akimbo . Nice to meet you , I guess . Boy , I'm sure sorry about your car . Hey , Akimbo , I wonder if you'd like to make a deal ?
You do ? I ran into it a couple of weeks ago . What do you know ? Name's Hal . I'm Akimbo . Nice to meet you , I guess . Boy , I'm sure sorry about your car . Hey , Akimbo , I wonder if you'd like to make a deal ? What kind of deal ?
I ran into it a couple of weeks ago . What do you know ? Name's Hal . I'm Akimbo . Nice to meet you , I guess . Boy , I'm sure sorry about your car . Hey , Akimbo , I wonder if you'd like to make a deal ? What kind of deal ? I'd like to give you cash for the damage to your car .
I'm Akimbo . Nice to meet you , I guess . Boy , I'm sure sorry about your car . Hey , Akimbo , I wonder if you'd like to make a deal ? What kind of deal ? I'd like to give you cash for the damage to your car . You don't want your insurance company to pay for it ?
Boy , I'm sure sorry about your car . Hey , Akimbo , I wonder if you'd like to make a deal ? What kind of deal ? I'd like to give you cash for the damage to your car . You don't want your insurance company to pay for it ? I'd rather not . They'll raise my rates . It'll cost me more in the long run .
What kind of deal ? I'd like to give you cash for the damage to your car . You don't want your insurance company to pay for it ? I'd rather not . They'll raise my rates . It'll cost me more in the long run . If you give me cash , do you care if I don't fix the car ?
I'd like to give you cash for the damage to your car . You don't want your insurance company to pay for it ? I'd rather not . They'll raise my rates . It'll cost me more in the long run . If you give me cash , do you care if I don't fix the car ? Hell , I don't care . Just don'T submit a report to your insurancecompany .
Hey , Tom , did you enjoy your lunch ? Oh , don't mention it . It was terrible . What ' the matter ? The food station was as crowded as usual . I waited for 20 minutes for my sandwich , and when I finally got it the chicken was underdone . I see . You simply can't blame the server for this .
Oh , don't mention it . It was terrible . What ' the matter ? The food station was as crowded as usual . I waited for 20 minutes for my sandwich , and when I finally got it the chicken was underdone . I see . You simply can't blame the server for this . Yes , I know . Fast food is so popular in this district .
What ' the matter ? The food station was as crowded as usual . I waited for 20 minutes for my sandwich , and when I finally got it the chicken was underdone . I see . You simply can't blame the server for this . Yes , I know . Fast food is so popular in this district . That's true .
The food station was as crowded as usual . I waited for 20 minutes for my sandwich , and when I finally got it the chicken was underdone . I see . You simply can't blame the server for this . Yes , I know . Fast food is so popular in this district . That's true . Anyway , how was your such , Catherine ?
I see . You simply can't blame the server for this . Yes , I know . Fast food is so popular in this district . That's true . Anyway , how was your such , Catherine ? It was good . I brought lunch from home today .
Yes , I know . Fast food is so popular in this district . That's true . Anyway , how was your such , Catherine ? It was good . I brought lunch from home today . You did ? I thought you must feel right at home here as we get as many fast food restaurants as you do in America .
That's true . Anyway , how was your such , Catherine ? It was good . I brought lunch from home today . You did ? I thought you must feel right at home here as we get as many fast food restaurants as you do in America . Well , I personally don't like them because I don't believe that they are healthy .
Anyway , how was your such , Catherine ? It was good . I brought lunch from home today . You did ? I thought you must feel right at home here as we get as many fast food restaurants as you do in America . Well , I personally don't like them because I don't believe that they are healthy . I guess you're right . More often than not , people go there only for convenience . The foods may taste good , but generally speaking , they are high in calories , salt and fat .
It was good . I brought lunch from home today . You did ? I thought you must feel right at home here as we get as many fast food restaurants as you do in America . Well , I personally don't like them because I don't believe that they are healthy . I guess you're right . More often than not , people go there only for convenience . The foods may taste good , but generally speaking , they are high in calories , salt and fat . Yes . I am wondering that you must believe fast food is our lifestyle , don't you ?
You did ? I thought you must feel right at home here as we get as many fast food restaurants as you do in America . Well , I personally don't like them because I don't believe that they are healthy . I guess you're right . More often than not , people go there only for convenience . The foods may taste good , but generally speaking , they are high in calories , salt and fat . Yes . I am wondering that you must believe fast food is our lifestyle , don't you ? You bet . Almost all top brands such as McDonald's and KFC are from America .
Well , I personally don't like them because I don't believe that they are healthy . I guess you're right . More often than not , people go there only for convenience . The foods may taste good , but generally speaking , they are high in calories , salt and fat . Yes . I am wondering that you must believe fast food is our lifestyle , don't you ? You bet . Almost all top brands such as McDonald's and KFC are from America . Well , actually two-thirds of Americans may avoid these places .
I guess you're right . More often than not , people go there only for convenience . The foods may taste good , but generally speaking , they are high in calories , salt and fat . Yes . I am wondering that you must believe fast food is our lifestyle , don't you ? You bet . Almost all top brands such as McDonald's and KFC are from America . Well , actually two-thirds of Americans may avoid these places . Seriously ?
Hello , is that Cathy speaking ? Yes , is that you , Allen ? Yes , how are you doing ? Not bad . Say I've got two tickets for the concert this evening . Would you like to come with me ?
Yes , is that you , Allen ? Yes , how are you doing ? Not bad . Say I've got two tickets for the concert this evening . Would you like to come with me ? Sure . Thank you very much .
Yes , how are you doing ? Not bad . Say I've got two tickets for the concert this evening . Would you like to come with me ? Sure . Thank you very much . Then I ' ll pick you up at six thirty . OK ?
Not bad . Say I've got two tickets for the concert this evening . Would you like to come with me ? Sure . Thank you very much . Then I ' ll pick you up at six thirty . OK ? Ok , see you .
Can we have a table for three , please ? Sorry , all the tables for three are reserved . Do you have a table for four , please ? Yes , smoking or non-smoking ? We'd like a non-smoking table , please .
The bartender just gave the last call . Let's order another round , okay ? Sure , but let's get a pitcher this time We should be able to down it before they close . That sounds good . You order the beer while I go to the bathroom . Where is the can in this place ? It's all the way to the back . See that yellow door ? Yeah . I think I can find it .
Sure , but let's get a pitcher this time We should be able to down it before they close . That sounds good . You order the beer while I go to the bathroom . Where is the can in this place ? It's all the way to the back . See that yellow door ? Yeah . I think I can find it . You're back already . That sure was quick .
That sounds good . You order the beer while I go to the bathroom . Where is the can in this place ? It's all the way to the back . See that yellow door ? Yeah . I think I can find it . You're back already . That sure was quick . That's because I just took one step inside and turned right around . That bathroom is too gross for me .
It's all the way to the back . See that yellow door ? Yeah . I think I can find it . You're back already . That sure was quick . That's because I just took one step inside and turned right around . That bathroom is too gross for me . Well , the bartender wouldn't give me the pitcher of beer . Anyway . He said it was too close to closing time .
Yeah . I think I can find it . You're back already . That sure was quick . That's because I just took one step inside and turned right around . That bathroom is too gross for me . Well , the bartender wouldn't give me the pitcher of beer . Anyway . He said it was too close to closing time . Let's leave then . I could take some fresh air , anyway .
Have you heard of Paul ? No , what ? He's got a promotion . You're kidding . No , they made him vicepresident in charge of sells .
No , what ? He's got a promotion . You're kidding . No , they made him vicepresident in charge of sells . Oh , I don't believe it . He is only being with the company for two years .
He's got a promotion . You're kidding . No , they made him vicepresident in charge of sells . Oh , I don't believe it . He is only being with the company for two years . Well , it's true . The board man last thirdly and they choice Paul .
Do you consider yourself a good mother ? Yes , I'm a very good mother and successful career woman . How can you manage to do both ? I mean , it is so hard to be a working mother . I think the most important thing is that you should be nice to yourself , like keeping housework simple , spending money on things that make life easier , buying yourself things you like , and so on . You can only be nice to others when you can be nice to yourself . Does your husband feel the same ?
Tell me about yourself . I was born and raised in Beijing . I attended Peking University and received my bachelor's degree in Economics . I have worked for 2 years as a financial consultant in Beijing for China Pacific Insurance Co . Ltd . What type of position are you looking for ? I'm looking for a position in which I can utilize my experience . Are you interested in a full-time or part-time position ?
I was born and raised in Beijing . I attended Peking University and received my bachelor's degree in Economics . I have worked for 2 years as a financial consultant in Beijing for China Pacific Insurance Co . Ltd . What type of position are you looking for ? I'm looking for a position in which I can utilize my experience . Are you interested in a full-time or part-time position ? I am more interested in a full-time position . However , I would also consider a part-time position .
What type of position are you looking for ? I'm looking for a position in which I can utilize my experience . Are you interested in a full-time or part-time position ? I am more interested in a full-time position . However , I would also consider a part-time position . Can you tell me about your responsibilities at your last job ?
I'm looking for a position in which I can utilize my experience . Are you interested in a full-time or part-time position ? I am more interested in a full-time position . However , I would also consider a part-time position . Can you tell me about your responsibilities at your last job ? I advised customers on financial matters . After I consulted the customer , I completed a customer inquiry form and catalogued the information in our database . I then collaborated with colleagues to prepare the best possible package for the client . The clients were then presented with a summarized report on their financial activities that I formulated on a quarterly basis .
Are you interested in a full-time or part-time position ? I am more interested in a full-time position . However , I would also consider a part-time position . Can you tell me about your responsibilities at your last job ? I advised customers on financial matters . After I consulted the customer , I completed a customer inquiry form and catalogued the information in our database . I then collaborated with colleagues to prepare the best possible package for the client . The clients were then presented with a summarized report on their financial activities that I formulated on a quarterly basis . What is your greatest strength ?
I am more interested in a full-time position . However , I would also consider a part-time position . Can you tell me about your responsibilities at your last job ? I advised customers on financial matters . After I consulted the customer , I completed a customer inquiry form and catalogued the information in our database . I then collaborated with colleagues to prepare the best possible package for the client . The clients were then presented with a summarized report on their financial activities that I formulated on a quarterly basis . What is your greatest strength ? I am an excellent communicator . People trust me and come to me for advice . One afternoon , my colleague was involved with a troublesome customer who felt he was not being served well . I made the customer a cup of coffee and invited both my colleague and the client to my desk where we solved the problem together .
Can you tell me about your responsibilities at your last job ? I advised customers on financial matters . After I consulted the customer , I completed a customer inquiry form and catalogued the information in our database . I then collaborated with colleagues to prepare the best possible package for the client . The clients were then presented with a summarized report on their financial activities that I formulated on a quarterly basis . What is your greatest strength ? I am an excellent communicator . People trust me and come to me for advice . One afternoon , my colleague was involved with a troublesome customer who felt he was not being served well . I made the customer a cup of coffee and invited both my colleague and the client to my desk where we solved the problem together . What is your greatest weakness ?
I advised customers on financial matters . After I consulted the customer , I completed a customer inquiry form and catalogued the information in our database . I then collaborated with colleagues to prepare the best possible package for the client . The clients were then presented with a summarized report on their financial activities that I formulated on a quarterly basis . What is your greatest strength ? I am an excellent communicator . People trust me and come to me for advice . One afternoon , my colleague was involved with a troublesome customer who felt he was not being served well . I made the customer a cup of coffee and invited both my colleague and the client to my desk where we solved the problem together . What is your greatest weakness ? I tend to spend too much time making sure the customer is satisfied . However , I began setting time-limits for myself .
What is your greatest strength ? I am an excellent communicator . People trust me and come to me for advice . One afternoon , my colleague was involved with a troublesome customer who felt he was not being served well . I made the customer a cup of coffee and invited both my colleague and the client to my desk where we solved the problem together . What is your greatest weakness ? I tend to spend too much time making sure the customer is satisfied . However , I began setting time-limits for myself . Why do you want to work for our company ?
I am an excellent communicator . People trust me and come to me for advice . One afternoon , my colleague was involved with a troublesome customer who felt he was not being served well . I made the customer a cup of coffee and invited both my colleague and the client to my desk where we solved the problem together . What is your greatest weakness ? I tend to spend too much time making sure the customer is satisfied . However , I began setting time-limits for myself . Why do you want to work for our company ? After following your firm's progress for the last 3 years , I am convinced that your company is becoming one of the market leaders and I would like to be a part of that team .
What is your greatest weakness ? I tend to spend too much time making sure the customer is satisfied . However , I began setting time-limits for myself . Why do you want to work for our company ? After following your firm's progress for the last 3 years , I am convinced that your company is becoming one of the market leaders and I would like to be a part of that team . When can you begin ?
My dear , what's for supper ? Red cooked carp and rape with fresh mushrooms . What about soup ? Sour-peppery soup . Which condiment do you use for ?
Red cooked carp and rape with fresh mushrooms . What about soup ? Sour-peppery soup . Which condiment do you use for ? I'll use ginger , garlic scallion , hot pepper and vinegar .
What about soup ? Sour-peppery soup . Which condiment do you use for ? I'll use ginger , garlic scallion , hot pepper and vinegar . Very good , need I help you ?
Sour-peppery soup . Which condiment do you use for ? I'll use ginger , garlic scallion , hot pepper and vinegar . Very good , need I help you ? No , don't need , I can do myself .
Which condiment do you use for ? I'll use ginger , garlic scallion , hot pepper and vinegar . Very good , need I help you ? No , don't need , I can do myself . Thanks . I can watch TV now .
I'll use ginger , garlic scallion , hot pepper and vinegar . Very good , need I help you ? No , don't need , I can do myself . Thanks . I can watch TV now . But you must cook that dinner next time .
OK . Come back into the classroom , class . Does the class start again , Mam ? Yes , but to the heath , this break has long enough . Oh , breaktime flies . Come on , baby . It ' s time now .
Does the class start again , Mam ? Yes , but to the heath , this break has long enough . Oh , breaktime flies . Come on , baby . It ' s time now . Mam , another minute , could I ?
I know you have a son . How old is he ? He's going to turn six next month . Who is looking after him ? My mother-in - law . She retired last year . You really are lucky !
Do you want to hang out tomorrow ? Oh , I can't . I have a date ! Really ? Wow with who ? This girl I've been chatting with for the past couple of months . She's really cool and she's driving over here this weekend . Wait a minute , you mean you met her online ?
Oh , I can't . I have a date ! Really ? Wow with who ? This girl I've been chatting with for the past couple of months . She's really cool and she's driving over here this weekend . Wait a minute , you mean you met her online ? Yeah ! I signed up for a website called match @ . com and it is great ! You fill in all your details and preferences , like if you are a smoker or if you have any pets . Then you find people that have similar characteristics and you can email them or chat .
Really ? Wow with who ? This girl I've been chatting with for the past couple of months . She's really cool and she's driving over here this weekend . Wait a minute , you mean you met her online ? Yeah ! I signed up for a website called match @ . com and it is great ! You fill in all your details and preferences , like if you are a smoker or if you have any pets . Then you find people that have similar characteristics and you can email them or chat . That is kind of weird ! What if she is a psycho or something like that ?
This girl I've been chatting with for the past couple of months . She's really cool and she's driving over here this weekend . Wait a minute , you mean you met her online ? Yeah ! I signed up for a website called match @ . com and it is great ! You fill in all your details and preferences , like if you are a smoker or if you have any pets . Then you find people that have similar characteristics and you can email them or chat . That is kind of weird ! What if she is a psycho or something like that ? It's the same as meeting people anywhere and dating them ! I am just tired of going to bars or being set up for dates by my friends ! I think this is a really cool alternative , especially if you are a bit shy .
Mike ! Look at the floor ! What's wrong with it ? What's wrong with it ? It's filthy ! Oh ... It's filthy because you never wipe your shoes .
What's wrong with it ? What's wrong with it ? It's filthy ! Oh ... It's filthy because you never wipe your shoes . Sorry , love .
What's wrong with it ? It's filthy ! Oh ... It's filthy because you never wipe your shoes . Sorry , love . What are you looking for now ?
Oh ... It's filthy because you never wipe your shoes . Sorry , love . What are you looking for now ? My cigarettes .
It's filthy because you never wipe your shoes . Sorry , love . What are you looking for now ? My cigarettes . Well , they ' re not here . They are in the dustbin .
I am calling to find out why I didn ' t receive an unemployment check this week . Did you send in your Continued Claim Form for the last period ? I think I forgot to send it in ! You need to be very careful to send that form in every two weeks if you want to get paid . Can I send it in now ?
Did you send in your Continued Claim Form for the last period ? I think I forgot to send it in ! You need to be very careful to send that form in every two weeks if you want to get paid . Can I send it in now ? You should look at your claim form and see if it has been more than fourteen days since it was due . If it hasn ' t been , we will still accept it .
I think I forgot to send it in ! You need to be very careful to send that form in every two weeks if you want to get paid . Can I send it in now ? You should look at your claim form and see if it has been more than fourteen days since it was due . If it hasn ' t been , we will still accept it . Can I mail it in early next time so it isn ' t late ?
You need to be very careful to send that form in every two weeks if you want to get paid . Can I send it in now ? You should look at your claim form and see if it has been more than fourteen days since it was due . If it hasn ' t been , we will still accept it . Can I mail it in early next time so it isn ' t late ? Actually , you cannot mail it in early , as it needs to reflect all of the information up to the due date .
Can I send it in now ? You should look at your claim form and see if it has been more than fourteen days since it was due . If it hasn ' t been , we will still accept it . Can I mail it in early next time so it isn ' t late ? Actually , you cannot mail it in early , as it needs to reflect all of the information up to the due date . Will my paycheck come right away now ?
911 emergency . What is the problem ? I would like to report a break-in . When was this break-in ? I believe it happened last night . Where was the break-in ?
I would like to report a break-in . When was this break-in ? I believe it happened last night . Where was the break-in ? It happened at my house .
When was this break-in ? I believe it happened last night . Where was the break-in ? It happened at my house . Was anything stolen ?
I believe it happened last night . Where was the break-in ? It happened at my house . Was anything stolen ? I haven't checked yet .
Where was the break-in ? It happened at my house . Was anything stolen ? I haven't checked yet . Why do you think there was a break-in ?
It happened at my house . Was anything stolen ? I haven't checked yet . Why do you think there was a break-in ? My front window was broken .
Was anything stolen ? I haven't checked yet . Why do you think there was a break-in ? My front window was broken . We'll send a squad car shortly .
How are you wedding plans going ? Very well . We started organizing everything early to avoid a last minute rush to get things done . The only thing that isn ' t ready yet is my wedding dress . When will that be ready ? The dressmakers said that is would be ready in two weeks . You ' re getting married in three weeks . So that should be ok . So , you ' Ve prepared the church , catering , transport , hotel-everything .
Very well . We started organizing everything early to avoid a last minute rush to get things done . The only thing that isn ' t ready yet is my wedding dress . When will that be ready ? The dressmakers said that is would be ready in two weeks . You ' re getting married in three weeks . So that should be ok . So , you ' Ve prepared the church , catering , transport , hotel-everything . Yes . We ' Ve taken care of all of that . We decided not to get married in a church though . Neither of us is very religious .
When will that be ready ? The dressmakers said that is would be ready in two weeks . You ' re getting married in three weeks . So that should be ok . So , you ' Ve prepared the church , catering , transport , hotel-everything . Yes . We ' Ve taken care of all of that . We decided not to get married in a church though . Neither of us is very religious . Which hotel will the reception be held at ?
The dressmakers said that is would be ready in two weeks . You ' re getting married in three weeks . So that should be ok . So , you ' Ve prepared the church , catering , transport , hotel-everything . Yes . We ' Ve taken care of all of that . We decided not to get married in a church though . Neither of us is very religious . Which hotel will the reception be held at ? The palace hotel they ' re taking care of the catering , including the wedding cake . I ' m sure they ' ll do a good job .
You ' re getting married in three weeks . So that should be ok . So , you ' Ve prepared the church , catering , transport , hotel-everything . Yes . We ' Ve taken care of all of that . We decided not to get married in a church though . Neither of us is very religious . Which hotel will the reception be held at ? The palace hotel they ' re taking care of the catering , including the wedding cake . I ' m sure they ' ll do a good job . Oh , yes . It ' s and excellent hotel . A friend of mine had her wedding reception there and said it was perfect , though very expensive .
Yes . We ' Ve taken care of all of that . We decided not to get married in a church though . Neither of us is very religious . Which hotel will the reception be held at ? The palace hotel they ' re taking care of the catering , including the wedding cake . I ' m sure they ' ll do a good job . Oh , yes . It ' s and excellent hotel . A friend of mine had her wedding reception there and said it was perfect , though very expensive . Yes . It will be expensive , but we think it will be worth it . It gives us great peace of mind to know that our reception is in the hands of experienced people .
I have just received your note which informs me that you have offered the accountant position to another candidate . May I ask why I was defeated ? We have thought of you carefully with discretion , but the other candidate has more experiences . Experience is important , but don't you think capability is more valuable than that ? Yes , I think so . But how do you prove to me that you are more capable ? Maybe you can hire me on trial . If I'm not qualified for the job , you can let me go .
Hi , Mary . I haven't seen you in ages ! I heard that you and Daniel are getting married on August 8th , the opening day of the 2008 Olympic Games . Is it true ? Yes , it is . We've been dating for over 7 years . We have decided to get married on a special day and we think August 8th , 2008 is a red-letter day . Good for you ! It sounds like you've done a lot of planning in a very short time . Yes , there is a lot of to be taken care of---wedding photos , wedding dress , catering , transport , hotel , etc ... Is everything ready now ?
Yes , it is . We've been dating for over 7 years . We have decided to get married on a special day and we think August 8th , 2008 is a red-letter day . Good for you ! It sounds like you've done a lot of planning in a very short time . Yes , there is a lot of to be taken care of---wedding photos , wedding dress , catering , transport , hotel , etc ... Is everything ready now ? Almost . The only thing that isn't ready is the hotel . As a lot of people have chosen that day to get married , it is hard to find a hotel that isn't too expensive .
Good for you ! It sounds like you've done a lot of planning in a very short time . Yes , there is a lot of to be taken care of---wedding photos , wedding dress , catering , transport , hotel , etc ... Is everything ready now ? Almost . The only thing that isn't ready is the hotel . As a lot of people have chosen that day to get married , it is hard to find a hotel that isn't too expensive . Have you tried The Peninsula Palace Beijing ? My wedding reception was held there and they did an excellent job .
Yes , there is a lot of to be taken care of---wedding photos , wedding dress , catering , transport , hotel , etc ... Is everything ready now ? Almost . The only thing that isn't ready is the hotel . As a lot of people have chosen that day to get married , it is hard to find a hotel that isn't too expensive . Have you tried The Peninsula Palace Beijing ? My wedding reception was held there and they did an excellent job . Yes , we called , but it is booked up . The only choice is the Regent Beijing but we haven't made up our minds yet .
Is everything ready now ? Almost . The only thing that isn't ready is the hotel . As a lot of people have chosen that day to get married , it is hard to find a hotel that isn't too expensive . Have you tried The Peninsula Palace Beijing ? My wedding reception was held there and they did an excellent job . Yes , we called , but it is booked up . The only choice is the Regent Beijing but we haven't made up our minds yet . It's an excellent hotel . A friend of mine had her wedding reception there and said it was perfect , though very expensive .
Almost . The only thing that isn't ready is the hotel . As a lot of people have chosen that day to get married , it is hard to find a hotel that isn't too expensive . Have you tried The Peninsula Palace Beijing ? My wedding reception was held there and they did an excellent job . Yes , we called , but it is booked up . The only choice is the Regent Beijing but we haven't made up our minds yet . It's an excellent hotel . A friend of mine had her wedding reception there and said it was perfect , though very expensive . That's why we want to have a look at other hotels . We don ' t want to spend too much on an extravagant wedding reception .
Have you tried The Peninsula Palace Beijing ? My wedding reception was held there and they did an excellent job . Yes , we called , but it is booked up . The only choice is the Regent Beijing but we haven't made up our minds yet . It's an excellent hotel . A friend of mine had her wedding reception there and said it was perfect , though very expensive . That's why we want to have a look at other hotels . We don ' t want to spend too much on an extravagant wedding reception . I guess you're right . I can help you ask other hotels . I am sure there are probably some available .
Yes , we called , but it is booked up . The only choice is the Regent Beijing but we haven't made up our minds yet . It's an excellent hotel . A friend of mine had her wedding reception there and said it was perfect , though very expensive . That's why we want to have a look at other hotels . We don ' t want to spend too much on an extravagant wedding reception . I guess you're right . I can help you ask other hotels . I am sure there are probably some available . Thank you .
Only one . But I wanted to make sure I'd get it . Yeah , I really wanted that Chanel bag , too . But just in case you should bid low . But there are only two more days until the bidding closes ! I bid on a Chanel watch at the last minute , and got it sixty percent off ! Oh ... I'm such a newbie . But at least I'm sure I'll get that tennis racket .
Yeah , I really wanted that Chanel bag , too . But just in case you should bid low . But there are only two more days until the bidding closes ! I bid on a Chanel watch at the last minute , and got it sixty percent off ! Oh ... I'm such a newbie . But at least I'm sure I'll get that tennis racket . Don't count on it , Babe . eBay is always full of surprises .
I ' m fed up with marriage . Why do you say so ? Everyone admires that you have a good wife . Oh , no . When we were poor , we often tried our best to make ends meet . It was a hard time . But now you are rich . And we have some squabbles on some boring things .
Can you help me do an internet search ? Sure . What do you want to find ? I want to find information on the American Civil War . Well , can you be more specific ? There are a lot of websites about that . Yes , I want to know about the battle of Gettysburg .
Sure . What do you want to find ? I want to find information on the American Civil War . Well , can you be more specific ? There are a lot of websites about that . Yes , I want to know about the battle of Gettysburg . O . K . Well , go to google . com , and type in " Battle of Gettysburg . "
I want to find information on the American Civil War . Well , can you be more specific ? There are a lot of websites about that . Yes , I want to know about the battle of Gettysburg . O . K . Well , go to google . com , and type in " Battle of Gettysburg . " Oh wow , there are a lot of sites .
Well , can you be more specific ? There are a lot of websites about that . Yes , I want to know about the battle of Gettysburg . O . K . Well , go to google . com , and type in " Battle of Gettysburg . " Oh wow , there are a lot of sites . Here , try this one . It ' s a good site about Gettysburg .
Yes , I want to know about the battle of Gettysburg . O . K . Well , go to google . com , and type in " Battle of Gettysburg . " Oh wow , there are a lot of sites . Here , try this one . It ' s a good site about Gettysburg . Thanks .
O . K . Well , go to google . com , and type in " Battle of Gettysburg . " Oh wow , there are a lot of sites . Here , try this one . It ' s a good site about Gettysburg . Thanks . For detailed information , however , you should read a history book .
Can you give me more details on what is included in the package ? Sure . The coach leaves at 6:30 a . m . , in front of our office . The drive takes eight hours , with two stops to see some sights . What about the hotel accommodations ? You'll be staying at Holiday Inn . It's a three-star hotel with two restaurants and a swimming pool . Great . What types of things will we do at Lushun Falls ?
I'm hungry . So am I . Where should we go eat today ? How about we go eat in the cafeteria ? I never bought food from the cafeteria .
So am I . Where should we go eat today ? How about we go eat in the cafeteria ? I never bought food from the cafeteria . You haven't ? They have a lot of good stuff .
Where should we go eat today ? How about we go eat in the cafeteria ? I never bought food from the cafeteria . You haven't ? They have a lot of good stuff . What do they have ?
How about we go eat in the cafeteria ? I never bought food from the cafeteria . You haven't ? They have a lot of good stuff . What do they have ? They sell everything .
I never bought food from the cafeteria . You haven't ? They have a lot of good stuff . What do they have ? They sell everything . Well , I want Chinese food .
You haven't ? They have a lot of good stuff . What do they have ? They sell everything . Well , I want Chinese food . I've gotten chow mein from there before .
What do they have ? They sell everything . Well , I want Chinese food . I've gotten chow mein from there before . I guess we can eat there then .
Over here is our gym . We have all the latest equipment . But I haven't used exercising equipment before . Can you tell us some more details ? Certainly . We have here the race apparatus , stationary bike , muscle builder set , chest expander , bar bell , dumb bell and so on . Working in the gym is a very good way for losing weight . What else do you have ? Here's the swimming pool . It's open from 10 a . m . to 11 p . m . There are also massage rooms here .
are you a blogger ? sure I am . I've been writing a blog for almost three years . oh , it seems that I'm the only one who never blogs . When did you get started ? I began blogging when I first went to the US for my graduate strides . what do you usually write about ?
sure I am . I've been writing a blog for almost three years . oh , it seems that I'm the only one who never blogs . When did you get started ? I began blogging when I first went to the US for my graduate strides . what do you usually write about ? at first , I'll write about my life there . Like interesting things on the campus , travel stories , special English words that I come across . Sometimes , I'll post my pictures on my blog so my family an
oh , it seems that I'm the only one who never blogs . When did you get started ? I began blogging when I first went to the US for my graduate strides . what do you usually write about ? at first , I'll write about my life there . Like interesting things on the campus , travel stories , special English words that I come across . Sometimes , I'll post my pictures on my blog so my family an that's interesting . How often do you write a blog ?
I began blogging when I first went to the US for my graduate strides . what do you usually write about ? at first , I'll write about my life there . Like interesting things on the campus , travel stories , special English words that I come across . Sometimes , I'll post my pictures on my blog so my family an that's interesting . How often do you write a blog ? it's random . If there happen to be a lot of things going on , I may add several new entries in a week , and if I've got nothing to share , I may leave my blog untouched for weeks .
what do you usually write about ? at first , I'll write about my life there . Like interesting things on the campus , travel stories , special English words that I come across . Sometimes , I'll post my pictures on my blog so my family an that's interesting . How often do you write a blog ? it's random . If there happen to be a lot of things going on , I may add several new entries in a week , and if I've got nothing to share , I may leave my blog untouched for weeks . got it . Are you still updating your blog ?
at first , I'll write about my life there . Like interesting things on the campus , travel stories , special English words that I come across . Sometimes , I'll post my pictures on my blog so my family an that's interesting . How often do you write a blog ? it's random . If there happen to be a lot of things going on , I may add several new entries in a week , and if I've got nothing to share , I may leave my blog untouched for weeks . got it . Are you still updating your blog ? sure , since I came back from the US , I've been keeping the habit of blogging , simply to share my personal insights on any topic I like .
Is this a duty-free shop ? Yes , sir . What can I do for you ? I want to buy some specialties . Can you recommend me some ? Sure . I strongly advise you to buy a bottle of perfume and a lighter . Fine . They look nice . I will take both of them .
I see Mike farmer has make it into the Olympic team . He beat the national record by 0 . 1 of a second . That ' s great . He ' s the best runner I ' Ve seen this season . I ' m sure he ' ll win a medal at the Olympics . I think you ' re right . I think we have a very good athletics team . They should do well in the Olympics . How many medals do you think we ' ll win ? I really don ' t know . I don ' t think we ' ll win many gold medals , but I think we should win several silver and bronze ones . What do you think our chance are in other events .
That ' s great . He ' s the best runner I ' Ve seen this season . I ' m sure he ' ll win a medal at the Olympics . I think you ' re right . I think we have a very good athletics team . They should do well in the Olympics . How many medals do you think we ' ll win ? I really don ' t know . I don ' t think we ' ll win many gold medals , but I think we should win several silver and bronze ones . What do you think our chance are in other events . In the last Olympics , we did very well in swimming , cycling and ball sports . I think we ' ll do well in those same events .
I think you ' re right . I think we have a very good athletics team . They should do well in the Olympics . How many medals do you think we ' ll win ? I really don ' t know . I don ' t think we ' ll win many gold medals , but I think we should win several silver and bronze ones . What do you think our chance are in other events . In the last Olympics , we did very well in swimming , cycling and ball sports . I think we ' ll do well in those same events . We might get a gold medal in the sailing too . Our team put in a lot of practice .
I really don ' t know . I don ' t think we ' ll win many gold medals , but I think we should win several silver and bronze ones . What do you think our chance are in other events . In the last Olympics , we did very well in swimming , cycling and ball sports . I think we ' ll do well in those same events . We might get a gold medal in the sailing too . Our team put in a lot of practice . I think we can expect to get between 30 to 40 medals in total .
Do you believe in UFOs ? Of course , they are out there . But I never saw them . Are you stupid ? They are called UFOs , so not everybody can see them . You mean that you can them .
Of course , they are out there . But I never saw them . Are you stupid ? They are called UFOs , so not everybody can see them . You mean that you can them . That's right . I can see them in my dreams .
But I never saw them . Are you stupid ? They are called UFOs , so not everybody can see them . You mean that you can them . That's right . I can see them in my dreams . They come to the earth ?
Are you stupid ? They are called UFOs , so not everybody can see them . You mean that you can them . That's right . I can see them in my dreams . They come to the earth ? No . Their task is to send the aliens here from the outer space .
You mean that you can them . That's right . I can see them in my dreams . They come to the earth ? No . Their task is to send the aliens here from the outer space . Aliens from the outer space ? Do you talk to them ? What do they look like ?
That's right . I can see them in my dreams . They come to the earth ? No . Their task is to send the aliens here from the outer space . Aliens from the outer space ? Do you talk to them ? What do they look like ? OK , OK , one by one , please ! They look like robots , but they can speak . Their mission is to make friends with human beings .
They come to the earth ? No . Their task is to send the aliens here from the outer space . Aliens from the outer space ? Do you talk to them ? What do they look like ? OK , OK , one by one , please ! They look like robots , but they can speak . Their mission is to make friends with human beings . That means that you talk to them ? In which language ?
No . Their task is to send the aliens here from the outer space . Aliens from the outer space ? Do you talk to them ? What do they look like ? OK , OK , one by one , please ! They look like robots , but they can speak . Their mission is to make friends with human beings . That means that you talk to them ? In which language ? Of course in English , they learn English on Mars too .
What a beautiful watch . It goes very well with your ring . Thank you . Is that your wedding ring ? I'm not married yet . It's my engagement ring . Well , congratulations . When is the big date ?
Thank you . Is that your wedding ring ? I'm not married yet . It's my engagement ring . Well , congratulations . When is the big date ? In June .
Is that your wedding ring ? I'm not married yet . It's my engagement ring . Well , congratulations . When is the big date ? In June . Did you have the watch before getting the ring ?
I'm not married yet . It's my engagement ring . Well , congratulations . When is the big date ? In June . Did you have the watch before getting the ring ? Actually , we bought the ring together after I got the watch .
Well , congratulations . When is the big date ? In June . Did you have the watch before getting the ring ? Actually , we bought the ring together after I got the watch . You did a fabulous job with the selection . It's gorgeous .
In June . Did you have the watch before getting the ring ? Actually , we bought the ring together after I got the watch . You did a fabulous job with the selection . It's gorgeous . Thank you so much .
Did you have the watch before getting the ring ? Actually , we bought the ring together after I got the watch . You did a fabulous job with the selection . It's gorgeous . Thank you so much . What kind of watch is it ?
Actually , we bought the ring together after I got the watch . You did a fabulous job with the selection . It's gorgeous . Thank you so much . What kind of watch is it ? It's a Tag Heer .
You did a fabulous job with the selection . It's gorgeous . Thank you so much . What kind of watch is it ? It's a Tag Heer . If you don't mind me asking , how much do they cost ?
Thank you so much . What kind of watch is it ? It's a Tag Heer . If you don't mind me asking , how much do they cost ? This one is $ 1500 . But they range from $ 600 to $ 3000 .
What kind of watch is it ? It's a Tag Heer . If you don't mind me asking , how much do they cost ? This one is $ 1500 . But they range from $ 600 to $ 3000 . That's why it looks so nice . I should have figured . You always get what you pay for .
How are the children doing at sport ? I ' m very pleased with their performances . Timmy can cover the 100 meters in 12 seconds . That ' s very fast for a kid his age . He ' s not very good at the long jump though , is he ? He ' s not bad . He can jump a distance of over four meters . I think he just prefers running to jumping . Jimmy ' s very good at the high jump . He can jump over two meters . Again , that ' s fine for someone his age . Two meters ? That means that the high jump bar is above his head ! Are any of them good at long-distance running ?
I ' m very pleased with their performances . Timmy can cover the 100 meters in 12 seconds . That ' s very fast for a kid his age . He ' s not very good at the long jump though , is he ? He ' s not bad . He can jump a distance of over four meters . I think he just prefers running to jumping . Jimmy ' s very good at the high jump . He can jump over two meters . Again , that ' s fine for someone his age . Two meters ? That means that the high jump bar is above his head ! Are any of them good at long-distance running ? The longest race we run is the 1500 meters . A few of the boys and one girls can do it in less than five minutes .
He ' s not very good at the long jump though , is he ? He ' s not bad . He can jump a distance of over four meters . I think he just prefers running to jumping . Jimmy ' s very good at the high jump . He can jump over two meters . Again , that ' s fine for someone his age . Two meters ? That means that the high jump bar is above his head ! Are any of them good at long-distance running ? The longest race we run is the 1500 meters . A few of the boys and one girls can do it in less than five minutes . How are they at swimming ?
He ' s not bad . He can jump a distance of over four meters . I think he just prefers running to jumping . Jimmy ' s very good at the high jump . He can jump over two meters . Again , that ' s fine for someone his age . Two meters ? That means that the high jump bar is above his head ! Are any of them good at long-distance running ? The longest race we run is the 1500 meters . A few of the boys and one girls can do it in less than five minutes . How are they at swimming ? They ' re ok . I ask them to swim 500 meters each day . That ' s 20 lengths of the swimming pool . They ' re not very fast , but that ' s ok . I just want them to build their strength up and keep in shape .
Two meters ? That means that the high jump bar is above his head ! Are any of them good at long-distance running ? The longest race we run is the 1500 meters . A few of the boys and one girls can do it in less than five minutes . How are they at swimming ? They ' re ok . I ask them to swim 500 meters each day . That ' s 20 lengths of the swimming pool . They ' re not very fast , but that ' s ok . I just want them to build their strength up and keep in shape . Kate is very good at diving from a height of 10 meters .
The longest race we run is the 1500 meters . A few of the boys and one girls can do it in less than five minutes . How are they at swimming ? They ' re ok . I ask them to swim 500 meters each day . That ' s 20 lengths of the swimming pool . They ' re not very fast , but that ' s ok . I just want them to build their strength up and keep in shape . Kate is very good at diving from a height of 10 meters . I ' d be afraid to jump from that height !
How are they at swimming ? They ' re ok . I ask them to swim 500 meters each day . That ' s 20 lengths of the swimming pool . They ' re not very fast , but that ' s ok . I just want them to build their strength up and keep in shape . Kate is very good at diving from a height of 10 meters . I ' d be afraid to jump from that height ! I think that these kinds haven ' t learnt to be afraid yet . She started diving from a lower height , but she soon wanted to go higher .
Hi , there . Look at these . I have collected some ads here . There is a special promotion for Mother's Day this weekend . Oh , yes . Mother's Day is coming . Do you plan to buy anything ? Of course . I want to buy some night cream for my mom , and some masques for myself . Hmm . In Carrefour , Clinique will be promoting their visible skin renewed cream . How much is it ?
Oh , yes . Mother's Day is coming . Do you plan to buy anything ? Of course . I want to buy some night cream for my mom , and some masques for myself . Hmm . In Carrefour , Clinique will be promoting their visible skin renewed cream . How much is it ? 180 yuan , and you can get a free 8 piece gift package .
Of course . I want to buy some night cream for my mom , and some masques for myself . Hmm . In Carrefour , Clinique will be promoting their visible skin renewed cream . How much is it ? 180 yuan , and you can get a free 8 piece gift package . What's included in the gift package ?
Hmm . In Carrefour , Clinique will be promoting their visible skin renewed cream . How much is it ? 180 yuan , and you can get a free 8 piece gift package . What's included in the gift package ? Some black mascara , moisturizing orion , eye cream crystal lipstick , a two color eye shadow pack , styling hairspray , and a cosmetics bag .
Do you have a package tour to Hollywood ? Yes , here is the table , which plans do you like best ? The seven-days trip shall be fine . How much is this tour ? $ 300 . We will take the trip . Could you give us a pamphlet ?
Have you ever gotten a parking ticket ? I've never gotten one . Have you ? I got a ticket yesterday . Really ? What did you get one for ? I parked in the red zone .
I've never gotten one . Have you ? I got a ticket yesterday . Really ? What did you get one for ? I parked in the red zone . Why did you do that ?
I got a ticket yesterday . Really ? What did you get one for ? I parked in the red zone . Why did you do that ? I needed to get something really quick .
Really ? What did you get one for ? I parked in the red zone . Why did you do that ? I needed to get something really quick . Where did you park at ?
I parked in the red zone . Why did you do that ? I needed to get something really quick . Where did you park at ? At my apartment building .
Why did you do that ? I needed to get something really quick . Where did you park at ? At my apartment building . Don't you have your own parking spot ?
I needed to get something really quick . Where did you park at ? At my apartment building . Don't you have your own parking spot ? I needed to be fast .
Next , please . May I help you , sir ? Hello , yes , I ' d like to open a bank account . Certainly , I can can help you with that . What type of account would you like to open ? A chequing or a savings account ? What What features do they offer ? Well , if you just take a look here , see , with our chequing account , you can have unlimited daily transactions for a small monthly fee , and our savings account has a higher interest rate , but you must carry a minimum balance of $ 10,000 dollars .
Hello , yes , I ' d like to open a bank account . Certainly , I can can help you with that . What type of account would you like to open ? A chequing or a savings account ? What What features do they offer ? Well , if you just take a look here , see , with our chequing account , you can have unlimited daily transactions for a small monthly fee , and our savings account has a higher interest rate , but you must carry a minimum balance of $ 10,000 dollars . I see , well , I think I ' m more interested in a chequing account . I like to have easy access to my money .
Certainly , I can can help you with that . What type of account would you like to open ? A chequing or a savings account ? What What features do they offer ? Well , if you just take a look here , see , with our chequing account , you can have unlimited daily transactions for a small monthly fee , and our savings account has a higher interest rate , but you must carry a minimum balance of $ 10,000 dollars . I see , well , I think I ' m more interested in a chequing account . I like to have easy access to my money . Alright , then , with this chequing account you ' ll be issued a debit card and a cheque book . Will you require overdraft protection ? There is an extra fee for that .
What What features do they offer ? Well , if you just take a look here , see , with our chequing account , you can have unlimited daily transactions for a small monthly fee , and our savings account has a higher interest rate , but you must carry a minimum balance of $ 10,000 dollars . I see , well , I think I ' m more interested in a chequing account . I like to have easy access to my money . Alright , then , with this chequing account you ' ll be issued a debit card and a cheque book . Will you require overdraft protection ? There is an extra fee for that . No , that won ' t be necessary .
Well , if you just take a look here , see , with our chequing account , you can have unlimited daily transactions for a small monthly fee , and our savings account has a higher interest rate , but you must carry a minimum balance of $ 10,000 dollars . I see , well , I think I ' m more interested in a chequing account . I like to have easy access to my money . Alright , then , with this chequing account you ' ll be issued a debit card and a cheque book . Will you require overdraft protection ? There is an extra fee for that . No , that won ' t be necessary . In that case , I ' ll get you to fill out this paperwork . I ' ll need your social insurance number , and two pieces of government ID . If you could just sign here , and here , and here . we ' ll be all set . Would you like to make a deposit today ?
Lili , let ' s take a vacation ! George , how can we ? Vacations cost money . And this month we don ' t have much money left after paying the rent . Well , Lili , we can visit different places in the state in our van 10 . We are not going to take a plane or stay at a hotel this time . Trust me , it won ' t cost much . Where will we sleep , then ? In the van .
George , how can we ? Vacations cost money . And this month we don ' t have much money left after paying the rent . Well , Lili , we can visit different places in the state in our van 10 . We are not going to take a plane or stay at a hotel this time . Trust me , it won ' t cost much . Where will we sleep , then ? In the van . What about other expenses ?
Well , Lili , we can visit different places in the state in our van 10 . We are not going to take a plane or stay at a hotel this time . Trust me , it won ' t cost much . Where will we sleep , then ? In the van . What about other expenses ? Let ' s see . Gas , food , recreation , we won ' t spend much . Come on . Don ' t hesitate . We need to get out of the house once in a while . We have been working hard , haven ' t we ?
Where will we sleep , then ? In the van . What about other expenses ? Let ' s see . Gas , food , recreation , we won ' t spend much . Come on . Don ' t hesitate . We need to get out of the house once in a while . We have been working hard , haven ' t we ? Maybe you ' re right . When do you plan to go ?
In the van . What about other expenses ? Let ' s see . Gas , food , recreation , we won ' t spend much . Come on . Don ' t hesitate . We need to get out of the house once in a while . We have been working hard , haven ' t we ? Maybe you ' re right . When do you plan to go ? The sooner the better ! I can ' t wait !
What about other expenses ? Let ' s see . Gas , food , recreation , we won ' t spend much . Come on . Don ' t hesitate . We need to get out of the house once in a while . We have been working hard , haven ' t we ? Maybe you ' re right . When do you plan to go ? The sooner the better ! I can ' t wait ! Oh , I don ' t know where we ' re going yet .
Let ' s see . Gas , food , recreation , we won ' t spend much . Come on . Don ' t hesitate . We need to get out of the house once in a while . We have been working hard , haven ' t we ? Maybe you ' re right . When do you plan to go ? The sooner the better ! I can ' t wait ! Oh , I don ' t know where we ' re going yet . As long as we ' re going , you can decide where to go . I trust your judgments . I know you miss Chinese food , so we can eat at a Chinese restaurant this time .
Maybe you ' re right . When do you plan to go ? The sooner the better ! I can ' t wait ! Oh , I don ' t know where we ' re going yet . As long as we ' re going , you can decide where to go . I trust your judgments . I know you miss Chinese food , so we can eat at a Chinese restaurant this time . Let ' s go to Chicago . We can have lunch in Chinatown . Then we can go to a ball game at Wrigley Field !
Good morning . Thank you for the interview . No problem . Now , do you prefer working with others or flying solo ? Actually , I enjoy both . So , what is most important to you in a job ? Do you need job security or professional growth and a chance to advance ? I need job security .
No problem . Now , do you prefer working with others or flying solo ? Actually , I enjoy both . So , what is most important to you in a job ? Do you need job security or professional growth and a chance to advance ? I need job security . Would you be able to relocate ?
Actually , I enjoy both . So , what is most important to you in a job ? Do you need job security or professional growth and a chance to advance ? I need job security . Would you be able to relocate ? I am open to relocating .
So , what is most important to you in a job ? Do you need job security or professional growth and a chance to advance ? I need job security . Would you be able to relocate ? I am open to relocating . What are your annual salary requirements ?
I need job security . Would you be able to relocate ? I am open to relocating . What are your annual salary requirements ? I need at least 75,000 per year .
Excuse me . can you tell me where Main Street is ? Turn left at the second light and then go straight for two blocks . Is it far ? No . it ' s only five minutes walk . you can ' t miss it . Thanks a lot
Excuse me . Do you know where the Admiral Hotel is ? That's over on Callaway Street , isn't it ? Yes , but I can't find Callaway Street . Walk that way for about four blocks . The hotel's about two blocks north of there . Thanks a lot .
Good evening , Pizza House . This is Marty speaking . May I take your order ? Um yes . I'd like a medium pizza with pepperoni , olives , and extra cheese . We have a two-for-one special on large pizzas . Would you like a large pizza instead ? Sure , that sounds good . Great ! Would you like your second pizza to be the same as the first ?
Um yes . I'd like a medium pizza with pepperoni , olives , and extra cheese . We have a two-for-one special on large pizzas . Would you like a large pizza instead ? Sure , that sounds good . Great ! Would you like your second pizza to be the same as the first ? No , make the second one with ham , pineapple and green peppers . Oh , and make it thin crust .
We have a two-for-one special on large pizzas . Would you like a large pizza instead ? Sure , that sounds good . Great ! Would you like your second pizza to be the same as the first ? No , make the second one with ham , pineapple and green peppers . Oh , and make it thin crust . Okay , thin crust . Your total is $ 21 . 50 and yourorder will arrive in thirty minutes or it ' s free !
Sure , that sounds good . Great ! Would you like your second pizza to be the same as the first ? No , make the second one with ham , pineapple and green peppers . Oh , and make it thin crust . Okay , thin crust . Your total is $ 21 . 50 and yourorder will arrive in thirty minutes or it ' s free ! Perfect . Thank you . Bye ..
Wow , Amy , look at that number . What's so great about it ? What do you mean ? It's a scrim . Not to me , I wouldn't be caught dead in that . I love that kind of stuff .
What's so great about it ? What do you mean ? It's a scrim . Not to me , I wouldn't be caught dead in that . I love that kind of stuff . Yeah , you seem to like those styles .
What do you mean ? It's a scrim . Not to me , I wouldn't be caught dead in that . I love that kind of stuff . Yeah , you seem to like those styles . Sure do . I get a kick out of looking punk .
Not to me , I wouldn't be caught dead in that . I love that kind of stuff . Yeah , you seem to like those styles . Sure do . I get a kick out of looking punk . This one looks really expensive though .
I love that kind of stuff . Yeah , you seem to like those styles . Sure do . I get a kick out of looking punk . This one looks really expensive though . I don't care how much it costs . I'm rolling in it .
Yeah , you seem to like those styles . Sure do . I get a kick out of looking punk . This one looks really expensive though . I don't care how much it costs . I'm rolling in it . Lucky you ! I can't buy anything else . I'm flat broke .
Sure do . I get a kick out of looking punk . This one looks really expensive though . I don't care how much it costs . I'm rolling in it . Lucky you ! I can't buy anything else . I'm flat broke . I got a replace my party outfit , I trashed it last week .
This one looks really expensive though . I don't care how much it costs . I'm rolling in it . Lucky you ! I can't buy anything else . I'm flat broke . I got a replace my party outfit , I trashed it last week . Why did you drag me into this ? I've spent a week salary .
I don't care how much it costs . I'm rolling in it . Lucky you ! I can't buy anything else . I'm flat broke . I got a replace my party outfit , I trashed it last week . Why did you drag me into this ? I've spent a week salary . Are you on the level ? You're the one who called me , remember ?
What kind of place shall we rent ? It should be close to the university . Neither of us are good at getting up in the mornings and closer it is , the later we can get up . Absolutely . That's the most important thing to take into consideration . I'm not too worried about the size of the flat . Neither am I . So a small place is ok , but we'll get a bigger one if it's not expensive . Do you mind if it's in a noisy area ? I don't mind . i'm not a light sleeper , but quieter is better for when we have to study at home .
It should be close to the university . Neither of us are good at getting up in the mornings and closer it is , the later we can get up . Absolutely . That's the most important thing to take into consideration . I'm not too worried about the size of the flat . Neither am I . So a small place is ok , but we'll get a bigger one if it's not expensive . Do you mind if it's in a noisy area ? I don't mind . i'm not a light sleeper , but quieter is better for when we have to study at home . Good point . Ok , let's go to the estate agent and see what they can offer us .
Absolutely . That's the most important thing to take into consideration . I'm not too worried about the size of the flat . Neither am I . So a small place is ok , but we'll get a bigger one if it's not expensive . Do you mind if it's in a noisy area ? I don't mind . i'm not a light sleeper , but quieter is better for when we have to study at home . Good point . Ok , let's go to the estate agent and see what they can offer us . Yes , if we're lucky we'll find something in the next few days . I think you had a good idea to start flat hunting early .
Neither am I . So a small place is ok , but we'll get a bigger one if it's not expensive . Do you mind if it's in a noisy area ? I don't mind . i'm not a light sleeper , but quieter is better for when we have to study at home . Good point . Ok , let's go to the estate agent and see what they can offer us . Yes , if we're lucky we'll find something in the next few days . I think you had a good idea to start flat hunting early . How much do you think the rent will be ?
How long does it take to get to downtown from here ? It is 15 minutes ' drive . What companies do we have in our neighborhood ? Mitsubishi , HP , IBM and many other famous corporations . Does the 7th floor belong to our company too ?
It is 15 minutes ' drive . What companies do we have in our neighborhood ? Mitsubishi , HP , IBM and many other famous corporations . Does the 7th floor belong to our company too ? Yes , our company has two floors , the 6th and 7th floor in this building .
What companies do we have in our neighborhood ? Mitsubishi , HP , IBM and many other famous corporations . Does the 7th floor belong to our company too ? Yes , our company has two floors , the 6th and 7th floor in this building . It ' s such a large firm . Do we have our own staff restaurant ?
Where are you going , Jane ? I'm going to the hospital to see Susan . I saw her yesterday . She was a little better . Must I catch a number 7 bus to get there ? No , you needn't . A number 13 bus will also take you to the hospital .
I'm going to the hospital to see Susan . I saw her yesterday . She was a little better . Must I catch a number 7 bus to get there ? No , you needn't . A number 13 bus will also take you to the hospital . Number 13 buses run much more frequently , don't they ?
I saw her yesterday . She was a little better . Must I catch a number 7 bus to get there ? No , you needn't . A number 13 bus will also take you to the hospital . Number 13 buses run much more frequently , don't they ? Yes . I caught a number 7 bus yesterday , and they said I had taken a wrong bus .
Must I catch a number 7 bus to get there ? No , you needn't . A number 13 bus will also take you to the hospital . Number 13 buses run much more frequently , don't they ? Yes . I caught a number 7 bus yesterday , and they said I had taken a wrong bus . Thank you , Henry . I'll get a number 13 .
Honey , do you have a second ? Sure ! Are you okay ? You seem a bit worried . What ' s on your mind ? We need to talk . Okay ... I ' Ve been thinking , and well , I think we need to start seeing other people .
Sure ! Are you okay ? You seem a bit worried . What ' s on your mind ? We need to talk . Okay ... I ' Ve been thinking , and well , I think we need to start seeing other people . What ? Why ? I mean , we ' Ve had our ups and downs , and we have the occasional disagreement , but we ' re happy together , aren ' t we ?
We need to talk . Okay ... I ' Ve been thinking , and well , I think we need to start seeing other people . What ? Why ? I mean , we ' Ve had our ups and downs , and we have the occasional disagreement , but we ' re happy together , aren ' t we ? That ' s just it , I ' m not happy anymore , Tim . It ' s not you , it ' s me . I know that I can be hard to deal with , and you are a great guy ! You are the type of guy that any woman would kill for !
Okay ... I ' Ve been thinking , and well , I think we need to start seeing other people . What ? Why ? I mean , we ' Ve had our ups and downs , and we have the occasional disagreement , but we ' re happy together , aren ' t we ? That ' s just it , I ' m not happy anymore , Tim . It ' s not you , it ' s me . I know that I can be hard to deal with , and you are a great guy ! You are the type of guy that any woman would kill for ! So , what are you saying ? You ' re breaking up with me because I ' m perfect ?
I ' Ve been thinking , and well , I think we need to start seeing other people . What ? Why ? I mean , we ' Ve had our ups and downs , and we have the occasional disagreement , but we ' re happy together , aren ' t we ? That ' s just it , I ' m not happy anymore , Tim . It ' s not you , it ' s me . I know that I can be hard to deal with , and you are a great guy ! You are the type of guy that any woman would kill for ! So , what are you saying ? You ' re breaking up with me because I ' m perfect ? Tim , you are too good for me . You deserve someone who can make you smile and make you happy the way that you made me happy . Oh , I could say that I ' ll be all you need , but that would be a lie . I know I ' d only hurt you , I know I ' d only make you cry .
What ? Why ? I mean , we ' Ve had our ups and downs , and we have the occasional disagreement , but we ' re happy together , aren ' t we ? That ' s just it , I ' m not happy anymore , Tim . It ' s not you , it ' s me . I know that I can be hard to deal with , and you are a great guy ! You are the type of guy that any woman would kill for ! So , what are you saying ? You ' re breaking up with me because I ' m perfect ? Tim , you are too good for me . You deserve someone who can make you smile and make you happy the way that you made me happy . Oh , I could say that I ' ll be all you need , but that would be a lie . I know I ' d only hurt you , I know I ' d only make you cry . Baby , come on . Don ' t do this to me ! Whatever it is , we can work it out . Just give me another chance ! I know that we can get through this , but we gotta stick together ! Don ' t leave me .
That ' s just it , I ' m not happy anymore , Tim . It ' s not you , it ' s me . I know that I can be hard to deal with , and you are a great guy ! You are the type of guy that any woman would kill for ! So , what are you saying ? You ' re breaking up with me because I ' m perfect ? Tim , you are too good for me . You deserve someone who can make you smile and make you happy the way that you made me happy . Oh , I could say that I ' ll be all you need , but that would be a lie . I know I ' d only hurt you , I know I ' d only make you cry . Baby , come on . Don ' t do this to me ! Whatever it is , we can work it out . Just give me another chance ! I know that we can get through this , but we gotta stick together ! Don ' t leave me . I can ' t , Tim . I hope someday you can find some way to understand I ' m only doing this for you . I don ' t really wanna go but , deep in my heart I know this is the kindest thing to do .
So , what are you saying ? You ' re breaking up with me because I ' m perfect ? Tim , you are too good for me . You deserve someone who can make you smile and make you happy the way that you made me happy . Oh , I could say that I ' ll be all you need , but that would be a lie . I know I ' d only hurt you , I know I ' d only make you cry . Baby , come on . Don ' t do this to me ! Whatever it is , we can work it out . Just give me another chance ! I know that we can get through this , but we gotta stick together ! Don ' t leave me . I can ' t , Tim . I hope someday you can find some way to understand I ' m only doing this for you . I don ' t really wanna go but , deep in my heart I know this is the kindest thing to do . Laura ...
I want to see the man responsible for selling typewriters . My name is Steven . I'm the Sales Manager of this company . Well , look here . Ten new typewriters were delivered to my company yesterday afternoon and only five of them work properly . Oh , I'm sorry about that . Never mind being sorry , what are you going to do about it ?
My name is Steven . I'm the Sales Manager of this company . Well , look here . Ten new typewriters were delivered to my company yesterday afternoon and only five of them work properly . Oh , I'm sorry about that . Never mind being sorry , what are you going to do about it ? Don't worry , we'll soon fix them .
Well , look here . Ten new typewriters were delivered to my company yesterday afternoon and only five of them work properly . Oh , I'm sorry about that . Never mind being sorry , what are you going to do about it ? Don't worry , we'll soon fix them . Good , I hope you'll make sure that it won't happen again .
Oh , I'm sorry about that . Never mind being sorry , what are you going to do about it ? Don't worry , we'll soon fix them . Good , I hope you'll make sure that it won't happen again . I'll certainly look into that .
Cindy , how come nearly all the prime-time TV shows are comedies ? That's because Americans love sitcoms . Sitcoms ? Situation comedies . A sitcom is half an hour long and it airs weekly . Sitcom shows tend to be about ordinary people . If there is one thing that all the shows have in common , it is teaching wholesome values . In Taiwan , prime-time shows are an hour long and most of them aren't comedies .
Hello , Jack . I'm John . I'm glad to see you ! Sit down , please . Maybe you have read the contract , but I want to give you the details again before you sign the contract . You must have a three-month internship . Yes , I know . When you become a permanent employee , you will have the insurances . You will get monthly pay and will be on eight-hour / day work shift .
I'm glad to see you ! Sit down , please . Maybe you have read the contract , but I want to give you the details again before you sign the contract . You must have a three-month internship . Yes , I know . When you become a permanent employee , you will have the insurances . You will get monthly pay and will be on eight-hour / day work shift . Wait , will I have five insurances and one fund ?
Sit down , please . Maybe you have read the contract , but I want to give you the details again before you sign the contract . You must have a three-month internship . Yes , I know . When you become a permanent employee , you will have the insurances . You will get monthly pay and will be on eight-hour / day work shift . Wait , will I have five insurances and one fund ? Yes . You can also enjoy legal holidays and year-end bonus .
Yes , I know . When you become a permanent employee , you will have the insurances . You will get monthly pay and will be on eight-hour / day work shift . Wait , will I have five insurances and one fund ? Yes . You can also enjoy legal holidays and year-end bonus . It sounds great !
When you become a permanent employee , you will have the insurances . You will get monthly pay and will be on eight-hour / day work shift . Wait , will I have five insurances and one fund ? Yes . You can also enjoy legal holidays and year-end bonus . It sounds great ! If you need to work overtime , you will get twice the usual salary as overtime pay .
Wait , will I have five insurances and one fund ? Yes . You can also enjoy legal holidays and year-end bonus . It sounds great ! If you need to work overtime , you will get twice the usual salary as overtime pay . OK .
Yes . You can also enjoy legal holidays and year-end bonus . It sounds great ! If you need to work overtime , you will get twice the usual salary as overtime pay . OK . You have read the relevant terms of the contract . Do you have other questions ?
It sounds great ! If you need to work overtime , you will get twice the usual salary as overtime pay . OK . You have read the relevant terms of the contract . Do you have other questions ? How long will the induction training be ?
If you need to work overtime , you will get twice the usual salary as overtime pay . OK . You have read the relevant terms of the contract . Do you have other questions ? How long will the induction training be ? About two weeks .
OK . You have read the relevant terms of the contract . Do you have other questions ? How long will the induction training be ? About two weeks . I see .
You have read the relevant terms of the contract . Do you have other questions ? How long will the induction training be ? About two weeks . I see . If you don't have other questions , just sign here .
What do you think I should do , doctor ? Why don't you try Chinese herbal medicine ? Is it useful for me ? You have to try at least . OK . Thanks a lot .
Mary , it's good to see you ! Josh and I were just on our way back home from the beach and thought we'd drop by . I am so glad that you decided to stop by ! Yes , it has been a long time since we have seen you . Mary , can I get Josh or you something to drink ?
Josh and I were just on our way back home from the beach and thought we'd drop by . I am so glad that you decided to stop by ! Yes , it has been a long time since we have seen you . Mary , can I get Josh or you something to drink ? Oh no , thank you . We aren't all that thirsty .
I am so glad that you decided to stop by ! Yes , it has been a long time since we have seen you . Mary , can I get Josh or you something to drink ? Oh no , thank you . We aren't all that thirsty . How about a little snack then ?
Yes , it has been a long time since we have seen you . Mary , can I get Josh or you something to drink ? Oh no , thank you . We aren't all that thirsty . How about a little snack then ? No , thank you , we just ate lunch a little while ago .
Mary , can I get Josh or you something to drink ? Oh no , thank you . We aren't all that thirsty . How about a little snack then ? No , thank you , we just ate lunch a little while ago . Well then , how is your family ?
What's your favorite book ? It's Gone With the Wind . Why do you like it best ? I enjoy the various characters and the plot . Well . I like the Thom Birds best .
It's Gone With the Wind . Why do you like it best ? I enjoy the various characters and the plot . Well . I like the Thom Birds best . Is it very interesting ?
Why do you like it best ? I enjoy the various characters and the plot . Well . I like the Thom Birds best . Is it very interesting ? Sure . I like the writer's language , too .
I enjoy the various characters and the plot . Well . I like the Thom Birds best . Is it very interesting ? Sure . I like the writer's language , too . If I have a chance , I'll enjoy the book .
Well . I like the Thom Birds best . Is it very interesting ? Sure . I like the writer's language , too . If I have a chance , I'll enjoy the book . Would you like to go to the bookshop with me ?
Have you seen the new James Bond movie ? Oh , yes . You ? Yes . What did you think of it ? I thought it was better than the others-I really liked it . What did you think of it ? Yes , I liked it , too . It was exciting , but not over the top . Do you know what I mean ?
Oh , yes . You ? Yes . What did you think of it ? I thought it was better than the others-I really liked it . What did you think of it ? Yes , I liked it , too . It was exciting , but not over the top . Do you know what I mean ? Mmm . That's what I thought too . I really liked the car chase , and the opening credit sequence was very exciting . And I always enjoy watching Pierce Brosnan .
Yes . What did you think of it ? I thought it was better than the others-I really liked it . What did you think of it ? Yes , I liked it , too . It was exciting , but not over the top . Do you know what I mean ? Mmm . That's what I thought too . I really liked the car chase , and the opening credit sequence was very exciting . And I always enjoy watching Pierce Brosnan . Oh , yes . He's brilliant . Did you like the title song ?
I thought it was better than the others-I really liked it . What did you think of it ? Yes , I liked it , too . It was exciting , but not over the top . Do you know what I mean ? Mmm . That's what I thought too . I really liked the car chase , and the opening credit sequence was very exciting . And I always enjoy watching Pierce Brosnan . Oh , yes . He's brilliant . Did you like the title song ? Not as much as last time , actually . What's the name of the American actor who was in the supporting role ?
Yes , I liked it , too . It was exciting , but not over the top . Do you know what I mean ? Mmm . That's what I thought too . I really liked the car chase , and the opening credit sequence was very exciting . And I always enjoy watching Pierce Brosnan . Oh , yes . He's brilliant . Did you like the title song ? Not as much as last time , actually . What's the name of the American actor who was in the supporting role ? Hum , Edward Norton , or something like that . Did you like him ?
Mmm . That's what I thought too . I really liked the car chase , and the opening credit sequence was very exciting . And I always enjoy watching Pierce Brosnan . Oh , yes . He's brilliant . Did you like the title song ? Not as much as last time , actually . What's the name of the American actor who was in the supporting role ? Hum , Edward Norton , or something like that . Did you like him ? Yes . He was excellent . They worked well together , don't you think ?
Oh , yes . He's brilliant . Did you like the title song ? Not as much as last time , actually . What's the name of the American actor who was in the supporting role ? Hum , Edward Norton , or something like that . Did you like him ? Yes . He was excellent . They worked well together , don't you think ? I don't know . I think the woman was better . She provided a good love interest . Lucky James Bond !
Good morning , everyone . Let me introduce myself to you ... You don't need to introduce yourself , Yang . You're famous . Well , thank you very much but I thought l'd try and chair the meeting by the rule -- at least for a while . OK , OK ! Now , I'd like to get things under way . The main topic on today's agenda is the development of a U . S . sales strategy for the new EBB . I'd like to hear all of your ideas , Mr . Wall , you seem in top form today . Could you start the ball rolling ?
You don't need to introduce yourself , Yang . You're famous . Well , thank you very much but I thought l'd try and chair the meeting by the rule -- at least for a while . OK , OK ! Now , I'd like to get things under way . The main topic on today's agenda is the development of a U . S . sales strategy for the new EBB . I'd like to hear all of your ideas , Mr . Wall , you seem in top form today . Could you start the ball rolling ? Uh , oh , sure . Well , I think we should keep in mind that the key to good sales is advertising .
Well , thank you very much but I thought l'd try and chair the meeting by the rule -- at least for a while . OK , OK ! Now , I'd like to get things under way . The main topic on today's agenda is the development of a U . S . sales strategy for the new EBB . I'd like to hear all of your ideas , Mr . Wall , you seem in top form today . Could you start the ball rolling ? Uh , oh , sure . Well , I think we should keep in mind that the key to good sales is advertising . Well , that's kind of obvious .
OK , OK ! Now , I'd like to get things under way . The main topic on today's agenda is the development of a U . S . sales strategy for the new EBB . I'd like to hear all of your ideas , Mr . Wall , you seem in top form today . Could you start the ball rolling ? Uh , oh , sure . Well , I think we should keep in mind that the key to good sales is advertising . Well , that's kind of obvious . Give me a break , Mr Yang .
What are the most popular sports in your country ? Swimming in summer and skating in winter . What ' s your favorite sport ? Jogging and bowling . Do you know how to practise Bungfu ? No I don't But l do Taijiquan or Shadow boxing . People everywhere in China usually do Taijiquan early in the morning . It can help people keep fit . It has a history of over three hundred years . Is it easy to learn ?
Swimming in summer and skating in winter . What ' s your favorite sport ? Jogging and bowling . Do you know how to practise Bungfu ? No I don't But l do Taijiquan or Shadow boxing . People everywhere in China usually do Taijiquan early in the morning . It can help people keep fit . It has a history of over three hundred years . Is it easy to learn ? Yes . it is I can teach you if you like .
Jogging and bowling . Do you know how to practise Bungfu ? No I don't But l do Taijiquan or Shadow boxing . People everywhere in China usually do Taijiquan early in the morning . It can help people keep fit . It has a history of over three hundred years . Is it easy to learn ? Yes . it is I can teach you if you like . Thank you . I can teach you how to bowl .
how long will it take us to drive to London ? I think it ' s a distance of 180 kilometers from here to London , so it should be a two-hour drive on the motorway . that ' s unless there is a traffic jam . It could take three hours . you ' re right . We will be able to travel at high speeds at the beginning and end of the journey , because we will be in built-up areas . so , shall we allow three hours to cover the distance ?
I think it ' s a distance of 180 kilometers from here to London , so it should be a two-hour drive on the motorway . that ' s unless there is a traffic jam . It could take three hours . you ' re right . We will be able to travel at high speeds at the beginning and end of the journey , because we will be in built-up areas . so , shall we allow three hours to cover the distance ? ok . You haven ' t seen my company car , have you ?
that ' s unless there is a traffic jam . It could take three hours . you ' re right . We will be able to travel at high speeds at the beginning and end of the journey , because we will be in built-up areas . so , shall we allow three hours to cover the distance ? ok . You haven ' t seen my company car , have you ? no . let me take a look ... it ' s longer than my car .
you ' re right . We will be able to travel at high speeds at the beginning and end of the journey , because we will be in built-up areas . so , shall we allow three hours to cover the distance ? ok . You haven ' t seen my company car , have you ? no . let me take a look ... it ' s longer than my car . I think it ' s over five meters long . I can ' t remember exactly . It has a maximum speed of over 200 kilometers an hour .
so , shall we allow three hours to cover the distance ? ok . You haven ' t seen my company car , have you ? no . let me take a look ... it ' s longer than my car . I think it ' s over five meters long . I can ' t remember exactly . It has a maximum speed of over 200 kilometers an hour . wow ! That ' s fast ! I don ' t think we will be traveling that fast on the motorway .
We have another traditional holiday-the Dragon Boat Festival . When is it ? It falls on the fifth day of the fifth lunar month . Could you tell me the origin of the two festivals ? OK . The Dragon Boat Festival is a way to commemorate a great ancient poet named Quyuan . On that day , people will hold a boat race as a symbol of the attempt to save him who threw himself into the river .
When is it ? It falls on the fifth day of the fifth lunar month . Could you tell me the origin of the two festivals ? OK . The Dragon Boat Festival is a way to commemorate a great ancient poet named Quyuan . On that day , people will hold a boat race as a symbol of the attempt to save him who threw himself into the river . Why do people eat rice cakes on that day ?
It falls on the fifth day of the fifth lunar month . Could you tell me the origin of the two festivals ? OK . The Dragon Boat Festival is a way to commemorate a great ancient poet named Quyuan . On that day , people will hold a boat race as a symbol of the attempt to save him who threw himself into the river . Why do people eat rice cakes on that day ? In order to prevent the fish from eating the poet's body .
Excuse me , could you please show me the way to the human resource department ? Yeah , but have you made an appointment ahead ? Yes , of course . I am Monica . I have made an appointment with your HR manager . Just a minute please . I ' ll make a call to the HR office . Yes , they confirm your appointment . Please come in . it is on the 3rd floor , room 3106 . You can take the right elevator as the left on is in maintenance today . Thank you very much .
What's that book you have under your arm ? It's the best seller everyone's been talking about for the last six months . How in the world did you get a copy ? I've put a hold on it at the public library for weeks and I'm still waiting my turn . I checked it out of the rental library . It only costs five cents a day . Is it really worth paying for ?
It's the best seller everyone's been talking about for the last six months . How in the world did you get a copy ? I've put a hold on it at the public library for weeks and I'm still waiting my turn . I checked it out of the rental library . It only costs five cents a day . Is it really worth paying for ? I can't tell yet . I haven't got beyond the first chapter .
Good evening , ma'am . Table for one ? Yes , please . Will this table be all right ? Actually , I'd like a booth by the window if that's possible . Certainly . How about this one ?
Yes , please . Will this table be all right ? Actually , I'd like a booth by the window if that's possible . Certainly . How about this one ? This will be fine , thanks .
Will this table be all right ? Actually , I'd like a booth by the window if that's possible . Certainly . How about this one ? This will be fine , thanks . ( Handing her a menu ) Your waiter will be here in a minute to take your order .
Hey , you look great ! how's everything ? Yeah , you know what ? I've been going to the club regularly . The training really pays off . Now I am in a good shape and I know more about how to keep fit . Really ? tell me about it . I haven't gone to the club for a long time . I am too busy with work . It's important to do proper exercises . You're right . Too much or too little won't do any good .
Yeah , you know what ? I've been going to the club regularly . The training really pays off . Now I am in a good shape and I know more about how to keep fit . Really ? tell me about it . I haven't gone to the club for a long time . I am too busy with work . It's important to do proper exercises . You're right . Too much or too little won't do any good . The trainer tells me , besides regular sports activities , I should also have a healthy and balanced diet .
Really ? tell me about it . I haven't gone to the club for a long time . I am too busy with work . It's important to do proper exercises . You're right . Too much or too little won't do any good . The trainer tells me , besides regular sports activities , I should also have a healthy and balanced diet . Sounds reasonable .
It's important to do proper exercises . You're right . Too much or too little won't do any good . The trainer tells me , besides regular sports activities , I should also have a healthy and balanced diet . Sounds reasonable . We should eat more vegetables instead of junk food to stay energetic .
You're right . Too much or too little won't do any good . The trainer tells me , besides regular sports activities , I should also have a healthy and balanced diet . Sounds reasonable . We should eat more vegetables instead of junk food to stay energetic . And fruits !
The trainer tells me , besides regular sports activities , I should also have a healthy and balanced diet . Sounds reasonable . We should eat more vegetables instead of junk food to stay energetic . And fruits ! Surely it is . Getting enough sleep is also crucial for fitness .
Sounds reasonable . We should eat more vegetables instead of junk food to stay energetic . And fruits ! Surely it is . Getting enough sleep is also crucial for fitness . I've heard that . Does your trainer tell you anything about keeping fit ?
We should eat more vegetables instead of junk food to stay energetic . And fruits ! Surely it is . Getting enough sleep is also crucial for fitness . I've heard that . Does your trainer tell you anything about keeping fit ? Yeah , he advises me to stay in a good mood . That can also help one to keep sound physical health .
And fruits ! Surely it is . Getting enough sleep is also crucial for fitness . I've heard that . Does your trainer tell you anything about keeping fit ? Yeah , he advises me to stay in a good mood . That can also help one to keep sound physical health . I think if you follow your trainer's advice , you'll be on the right track .
Excuse me , I have something to trouble you . Yes ? I'll be very glad if I could be of any help to you . An hour ago , I bought this vase with my tourist . Oh , yes . I remember it clearly . Is there anything wrong with it ? I'm afraid so . We found this crack on the bottom when I went back to my hotel .
Yes ? I'll be very glad if I could be of any help to you . An hour ago , I bought this vase with my tourist . Oh , yes . I remember it clearly . Is there anything wrong with it ? I'm afraid so . We found this crack on the bottom when I went back to my hotel . Oh , how awful ! Let me have a look , I'm terribly sorry . It was most thoughtless of me . Would you excuse me , please ?
An hour ago , I bought this vase with my tourist . Oh , yes . I remember it clearly . Is there anything wrong with it ? I'm afraid so . We found this crack on the bottom when I went back to my hotel . Oh , how awful ! Let me have a look , I'm terribly sorry . It was most thoughtless of me . Would you excuse me , please ? Oh , It's quite all right , I suppose . It can't be helped sometimes .
Oh , yes . I remember it clearly . Is there anything wrong with it ? I'm afraid so . We found this crack on the bottom when I went back to my hotel . Oh , how awful ! Let me have a look , I'm terribly sorry . It was most thoughtless of me . Would you excuse me , please ? Oh , It's quite all right , I suppose . It can't be helped sometimes . It's very kind of you to say so . How about changing another one for you ?
I'm afraid so . We found this crack on the bottom when I went back to my hotel . Oh , how awful ! Let me have a look , I'm terribly sorry . It was most thoughtless of me . Would you excuse me , please ? Oh , It's quite all right , I suppose . It can't be helped sometimes . It's very kind of you to say so . How about changing another one for you ? All right . Thank you .
Oh , how awful ! Let me have a look , I'm terribly sorry . It was most thoughtless of me . Would you excuse me , please ? Oh , It's quite all right , I suppose . It can't be helped sometimes . It's very kind of you to say so . How about changing another one for you ? All right . Thank you . Just a minute , please . I won't be long . I'm sure this one is perfect . You may examine it carefully .
Oh , It's quite all right , I suppose . It can't be helped sometimes . It's very kind of you to say so . How about changing another one for you ? All right . Thank you . Just a minute , please . I won't be long . I'm sure this one is perfect . You may examine it carefully . Oh , yes , it is . I'll take this one .
It's very kind of you to say so . How about changing another one for you ? All right . Thank you . Just a minute , please . I won't be long . I'm sure this one is perfect . You may examine it carefully . Oh , yes , it is . I'll take this one . I'm very sorry for any inconvenience I've caused you .
Hi Jim . Do you have a minute ? Sure , what ' s up ? Some of us are going to start a soccer team . Would you like to join us ? I don ' t know anything about it . Soccer isn ' t as popular in my country as it is here . That ' s all right . We ' ll teach you .
Sure , what ' s up ? Some of us are going to start a soccer team . Would you like to join us ? I don ' t know anything about it . Soccer isn ' t as popular in my country as it is here . That ' s all right . We ' ll teach you . Is it anything like American football ?
Some of us are going to start a soccer team . Would you like to join us ? I don ' t know anything about it . Soccer isn ' t as popular in my country as it is here . That ' s all right . We ' ll teach you . Is it anything like American football ? Not very much . It ' s something like hockey , except that you use a big ball and no stick .
I don ' t know anything about it . Soccer isn ' t as popular in my country as it is here . That ' s all right . We ' ll teach you . Is it anything like American football ? Not very much . It ' s something like hockey , except that you use a big ball and no stick . I ' ll come down and watch you play some day , and see what it ' s like .
How do you celebrate national day in your country ? There are parades in many cities and people fly the national flags from almost every public building . What kinds of parades are there ? The parades are usually military ones , but sometimes there are procession of people carrying flags and singing patriotic songs . What do you do on national day in your country ? We don ' t have a national day .
There are parades in many cities and people fly the national flags from almost every public building . What kinds of parades are there ? The parades are usually military ones , but sometimes there are procession of people carrying flags and singing patriotic songs . What do you do on national day in your country ? We don ' t have a national day . Really ? That ' s unusual .
What kinds of parades are there ? The parades are usually military ones , but sometimes there are procession of people carrying flags and singing patriotic songs . What do you do on national day in your country ? We don ' t have a national day . Really ? That ' s unusual . I guess it is . Most countries have on , but we don ' t .
Hello . Hi . It ' s Tony calling from the dentist ' s office . Is Lily there ? No , Lily is not here at the moment . Could you ask her to call me back when she gets in ? Sure . What ' s your number , please .
Hi . It ' s Tony calling from the dentist ' s office . Is Lily there ? No , Lily is not here at the moment . Could you ask her to call me back when she gets in ? Sure . What ' s your number , please . 519 367 8901 .
No , Lily is not here at the moment . Could you ask her to call me back when she gets in ? Sure . What ' s your number , please . 519 367 8901 . Thanks . And your name is Tony , right ?
Could you ask her to call me back when she gets in ? Sure . What ' s your number , please . 519 367 8901 . Thanks . And your name is Tony , right ? Yes . I ' m Tony . Thank you very much .
Sure . What ' s your number , please . 519 367 8901 . Thanks . And your name is Tony , right ? Yes . I ' m Tony . Thank you very much . You ' re welcome . Bye .
Hello ? Hey Tina . What are you doing ? I was just watching TV . What's going on with you ? I just watched a movie and I'm scared . What did you watch ?
Hey Tina . What are you doing ? I was just watching TV . What's going on with you ? I just watched a movie and I'm scared . What did you watch ? I saw the Sixth Sense . I didn't know it was going to be so scary .
I was just watching TV . What's going on with you ? I just watched a movie and I'm scared . What did you watch ? I saw the Sixth Sense . I didn't know it was going to be so scary . I remember that . It was a great movie . But it was definitely scary .
I just watched a movie and I'm scared . What did you watch ? I saw the Sixth Sense . I didn't know it was going to be so scary . I remember that . It was a great movie . But it was definitely scary . If you're not busy , do you want to come over ? I'm afraid to be alone .
What did you watch ? I saw the Sixth Sense . I didn't know it was going to be so scary . I remember that . It was a great movie . But it was definitely scary . If you're not busy , do you want to come over ? I'm afraid to be alone . Sure . I can come over . What should we do ?
I saw the Sixth Sense . I didn't know it was going to be so scary . I remember that . It was a great movie . But it was definitely scary . If you're not busy , do you want to come over ? I'm afraid to be alone . Sure . I can come over . What should we do ? How about if we watch a comedy . I need something to get my mind off the frightening images I have from the Sixth Sense .
I remember that . It was a great movie . But it was definitely scary . If you're not busy , do you want to come over ? I'm afraid to be alone . Sure . I can come over . What should we do ? How about if we watch a comedy . I need something to get my mind off the frightening images I have from the Sixth Sense . Ok . I'll get ready and leave . I'll see you in about 20 minutes .
If you're not busy , do you want to come over ? I'm afraid to be alone . Sure . I can come over . What should we do ? How about if we watch a comedy . I need something to get my mind off the frightening images I have from the Sixth Sense . Ok . I'll get ready and leave . I'll see you in about 20 minutes . Hurry , ok . It's dark out .
Sure . I can come over . What should we do ? How about if we watch a comedy . I need something to get my mind off the frightening images I have from the Sixth Sense . Ok . I'll get ready and leave . I'll see you in about 20 minutes . Hurry , ok . It's dark out . Don't worry , nothings going to happen . I'll be there real soon .
I need something to wash this down . Is there any juice in the fridge ? What is that ? It looks like something from a swamp ! It's a green drink . It's supposed to be full of vitamins and minerals . You know , healthy eating doesn't have to make you gag . The sales lady said that even if I eat right , I wouldn't get enough vitamins .
What is that ? It looks like something from a swamp ! It's a green drink . It's supposed to be full of vitamins and minerals . You know , healthy eating doesn't have to make you gag . The sales lady said that even if I eat right , I wouldn't get enough vitamins . Have you ever tried it ? Or are you just going to believe the sales lady ?
It's a green drink . It's supposed to be full of vitamins and minerals . You know , healthy eating doesn't have to make you gag . The sales lady said that even if I eat right , I wouldn't get enough vitamins . Have you ever tried it ? Or are you just going to believe the sales lady ? It's easier to drink this once a day than eat fruit and vegetables all day .
It's your turn now , Helen . OK . I'm coming . This is your song . I picked it for you . Thank you . You are so considerate . Push the red button on the mike to turn it on .
OK . I'm coming . This is your song . I picked it for you . Thank you . You are so considerate . Push the red button on the mike to turn it on . OK . This key is too high for me .
This is your song . I picked it for you . Thank you . You are so considerate . Push the red button on the mike to turn it on . OK . This key is too high for me . I think it's a piece of cake for you .
Thank you . You are so considerate . Push the red button on the mike to turn it on . OK . This key is too high for me . I think it's a piece of cake for you . OK . Let me have a try ...
Push the red button on the mike to turn it on . OK . This key is too high for me . I think it's a piece of cake for you . OK . Let me have a try ... Well done ! I hope I can sing as well as you one day .
OK . This key is too high for me . I think it's a piece of cake for you . OK . Let me have a try ... Well done ! I hope I can sing as well as you one day . Thank you . I'm sure you will .
Hello sir , how may I help you ? I would like to buy some flowers , please . Something really nice . I see , may I ask what the occasion is ? It ' s not really an occasion , it ' s more like I ' m sorry . Very well . This arrangement here is very popular among regretful husbands and boyfriends . It has a dozen long stem red roses with a couple of sunflowers and a single orchid that stands out . It includes a small teddy bear to achieve the effect of immediate forgiveness .
I would like to buy some flowers , please . Something really nice . I see , may I ask what the occasion is ? It ' s not really an occasion , it ' s more like I ' m sorry . Very well . This arrangement here is very popular among regretful husbands and boyfriends . It has a dozen long stem red roses with a couple of sunflowers and a single orchid that stands out . It includes a small teddy bear to achieve the effect of immediate forgiveness . I think I ' m gonna need more than just a dozen red roses and a bear . What else do you recommend ?
I see , may I ask what the occasion is ? It ' s not really an occasion , it ' s more like I ' m sorry . Very well . This arrangement here is very popular among regretful husbands and boyfriends . It has a dozen long stem red roses with a couple of sunflowers and a single orchid that stands out . It includes a small teddy bear to achieve the effect of immediate forgiveness . I think I ' m gonna need more than just a dozen red roses and a bear . What else do you recommend ? Mmm , well this is our I ' m sorry I cheated on you package . Two dozen red roses lined with tulips , carnations and lilies . The fragrance and beauty of this flower arrangement is sure to make her forgive you .
It ' s not really an occasion , it ' s more like I ' m sorry . Very well . This arrangement here is very popular among regretful husbands and boyfriends . It has a dozen long stem red roses with a couple of sunflowers and a single orchid that stands out . It includes a small teddy bear to achieve the effect of immediate forgiveness . I think I ' m gonna need more than just a dozen red roses and a bear . What else do you recommend ? Mmm , well this is our I ' m sorry I cheated on you package . Two dozen red roses lined with tulips , carnations and lilies . The fragrance and beauty of this flower arrangement is sure to make her forgive you . I don ' t think that ' s gonna cut it . I need something bigger and better !
Very well . This arrangement here is very popular among regretful husbands and boyfriends . It has a dozen long stem red roses with a couple of sunflowers and a single orchid that stands out . It includes a small teddy bear to achieve the effect of immediate forgiveness . I think I ' m gonna need more than just a dozen red roses and a bear . What else do you recommend ? Mmm , well this is our I ' m sorry I cheated on you package . Two dozen red roses lined with tulips , carnations and lilies . The fragrance and beauty of this flower arrangement is sure to make her forgive you . I don ' t think that ' s gonna cut it . I need something bigger and better ! I ' m sorry sir but , what exactly did you do ?
I think I ' m gonna need more than just a dozen red roses and a bear . What else do you recommend ? Mmm , well this is our I ' m sorry I cheated on you package . Two dozen red roses lined with tulips , carnations and lilies . The fragrance and beauty of this flower arrangement is sure to make her forgive you . I don ' t think that ' s gonna cut it . I need something bigger and better ! I ' m sorry sir but , what exactly did you do ? Well , I may have accidentally insinuated that she is getting chubbier .
Mum , can I finish my homework later ? Sorry . You know the rules . But I want to watch TV now . That ' s out of the question . Please .
Sorry . You know the rules . But I want to watch TV now . That ' s out of the question . Please . Not a chance .
But I want to watch TV now . That ' s out of the question . Please . Not a chance . Not even for an hour ?
Excuse me sir . May I come in ? Mike , you're late again . I'm sorry , but my sister was ill , so I Do you think I believe the story like that ? But it's true .
Mike , you're late again . I'm sorry , but my sister was ill , so I Do you think I believe the story like that ? But it's true . How can believe it if the same excuse was used twice within a week ?
I'm sorry , but my sister was ill , so I Do you think I believe the story like that ? But it's true . How can believe it if the same excuse was used twice within a week ? That's coincident .
Do you think I believe the story like that ? But it's true . How can believe it if the same excuse was used twice within a week ? That's coincident . Ok , hold it . Remember to be punctual next time .
But it's true . How can believe it if the same excuse was used twice within a week ? That's coincident . Ok , hold it . Remember to be punctual next time . I promise I will .
Where do you want to go ? I'm going to the hospital . Get in . I'll take you . About how much will it cost ? It will cost you $ 10 .
I'm going to the hospital . Get in . I'll take you . About how much will it cost ? It will cost you $ 10 . By the way , what's the time ?
Get in . I'll take you . About how much will it cost ? It will cost you $ 10 . By the way , what's the time ? You can see the time on the meter . I have radio time , you know .
About how much will it cost ? It will cost you $ 10 . By the way , what's the time ? You can see the time on the meter . I have radio time , you know . It's a quarter to 12 . Could you please drive a little faster ?
I've come to hear about your offer . We have the offer ready for you . Let me check . 10 boxes with 50 brooches per box , at 20,000 yuan ; 20 boxes with 50 waistbands per box , at 30,000 yuan ; 15 boxes with other ornaments per box , at 7 , 500 yuan , for shipment in June . The offer is valid for five days . I can tell you right now that your prices are a little higher than we expected . You know that the prices of the ornaments have been rising in recent years . The prices we offer this time compare favorably with quotations you can get else where . I am afraid I can't agree with you there . I must point out your prices are higher than the quotations we've received from other companies .
We have the offer ready for you . Let me check . 10 boxes with 50 brooches per box , at 20,000 yuan ; 20 boxes with 50 waistbands per box , at 30,000 yuan ; 15 boxes with other ornaments per box , at 7 , 500 yuan , for shipment in June . The offer is valid for five days . I can tell you right now that your prices are a little higher than we expected . You know that the prices of the ornaments have been rising in recent years . The prices we offer this time compare favorably with quotations you can get else where . I am afraid I can't agree with you there . I must point out your prices are higher than the quotations we've received from other companies . But you must take the design and quality into consideration . You know we are superior to others in design and quality . We have various styles , which the other companies cannot catch up with .
I can tell you right now that your prices are a little higher than we expected . You know that the prices of the ornaments have been rising in recent years . The prices we offer this time compare favorably with quotations you can get else where . I am afraid I can't agree with you there . I must point out your prices are higher than the quotations we've received from other companies . But you must take the design and quality into consideration . You know we are superior to others in design and quality . We have various styles , which the other companies cannot catch up with . I agree that yours are of the top .
You know that the prices of the ornaments have been rising in recent years . The prices we offer this time compare favorably with quotations you can get else where . I am afraid I can't agree with you there . I must point out your prices are higher than the quotations we've received from other companies . But you must take the design and quality into consideration . You know we are superior to others in design and quality . We have various styles , which the other companies cannot catch up with . I agree that yours are of the top . Well , since your order is large enough , can you give me a rough idea ?
I am afraid I can't agree with you there . I must point out your prices are higher than the quotations we've received from other companies . But you must take the design and quality into consideration . You know we are superior to others in design and quality . We have various styles , which the other companies cannot catch up with . I agree that yours are of the top . Well , since your order is large enough , can you give me a rough idea ? To have this business concluded , I should say a reduction of least 10 % would help .
But you must take the design and quality into consideration . You know we are superior to others in design and quality . We have various styles , which the other companies cannot catch up with . I agree that yours are of the top . Well , since your order is large enough , can you give me a rough idea ? To have this business concluded , I should say a reduction of least 10 % would help . Impossible . How about 5 % off ?
I have a terrible toothache . Which tooth is it ? This one here . Ar , Yes . There ' s a big cavity . Can you fill it ?
Which tooth is it ? This one here . Ar , Yes . There ' s a big cavity . Can you fill it ? I ' m afraid not . The tooth is too far gone . it'll have to be taken out .
This one here . Ar , Yes . There ' s a big cavity . Can you fill it ? I ' m afraid not . The tooth is too far gone . it'll have to be taken out . Then I might as well have it done now .
we really were lucky . We got the last available table for two---and we didn't even have a reservation ! Did you see the long lines behind us ? yeah , I'm glad that we didn't have to wait long . I'm starving ! let's take a look at the menu so we can order . Do you want to choose an appetizer for us to share ? what would you rather have , samosas or poppadoms ? I heard that one of their specialities is the samosa .
yeah , I'm glad that we didn't have to wait long . I'm starving ! let's take a look at the menu so we can order . Do you want to choose an appetizer for us to share ? what would you rather have , samosas or poppadoms ? I heard that one of their specialities is the samosa . well , let's get a plate of those then .
let's take a look at the menu so we can order . Do you want to choose an appetizer for us to share ? what would you rather have , samosas or poppadoms ? I heard that one of their specialities is the samosa . well , let's get a plate of those then . sounds good . What are you going to have for your main course ?
what would you rather have , samosas or poppadoms ? I heard that one of their specialities is the samosa . well , let's get a plate of those then . sounds good . What are you going to have for your main course ? I think I might have a dahl .
I heard that one of their specialities is the samosa . well , let's get a plate of those then . sounds good . What are you going to have for your main course ? I think I might have a dahl . what's in a dahl ?
well , let's get a plate of those then . sounds good . What are you going to have for your main course ? I think I might have a dahl . what's in a dahl ? it's got chickpeas and vegetables in a spicy curry sauce with rice .
sounds good . What are you going to have for your main course ? I think I might have a dahl . what's in a dahl ? it's got chickpeas and vegetables in a spicy curry sauce with rice . that sounds nice . Do you want to share some kebabs as well ?
I think I might have a dahl . what's in a dahl ? it's got chickpeas and vegetables in a spicy curry sauce with rice . that sounds nice . Do you want to share some kebabs as well ? ok . How about some lamb kebabs ?
what's in a dahl ? it's got chickpeas and vegetables in a spicy curry sauce with rice . that sounds nice . Do you want to share some kebabs as well ? ok . How about some lamb kebabs ? that's my favourite . Do you want to have some wine or beer ?
it's got chickpeas and vegetables in a spicy curry sauce with rice . that sounds nice . Do you want to share some kebabs as well ? ok . How about some lamb kebabs ? that's my favourite . Do you want to have some wine or beer ? I think I'll have a beer .
that sounds nice . Do you want to share some kebabs as well ? ok . How about some lamb kebabs ? that's my favourite . Do you want to have some wine or beer ? I think I'll have a beer . ok , shall I flag down the waitress ?
ok . How about some lamb kebabs ? that's my favourite . Do you want to have some wine or beer ? I think I'll have a beer . ok , shall I flag down the waitress ? I wouldn't recommend it . I think we should wait until she comes round .
that's my favourite . Do you want to have some wine or beer ? I think I'll have a beer . ok , shall I flag down the waitress ? I wouldn't recommend it . I think we should wait until she comes round . you're right . That might seem a bit rude . It's a good thing I've got you with me !
May I help you ? Yes . Do you exchange foreign money here ? Yes . Our bank is authorized to deal with foreign exchange . What kinds of currency do you change ? We can change only three kinds of currency , USD , Japanese Yen and HK Dollar in our savings office .
Yes . Do you exchange foreign money here ? Yes . Our bank is authorized to deal with foreign exchange . What kinds of currency do you change ? We can change only three kinds of currency , USD , Japanese Yen and HK Dollar in our savings office . Could you tell me what the exchange rate for USD is today ?
Yes . Our bank is authorized to deal with foreign exchange . What kinds of currency do you change ? We can change only three kinds of currency , USD , Japanese Yen and HK Dollar in our savings office . Could you tell me what the exchange rate for USD is today ? The buying rate is 826 . 44 yuan for 100 dollars .
What kinds of currency do you change ? We can change only three kinds of currency , USD , Japanese Yen and HK Dollar in our savings office . Could you tell me what the exchange rate for USD is today ? The buying rate is 826 . 44 yuan for 100 dollars . I want to change some Us dollars to cover my expense here .
We can change only three kinds of currency , USD , Japanese Yen and HK Dollar in our savings office . Could you tell me what the exchange rate for USD is today ? The buying rate is 826 . 44 yuan for 100 dollars . I want to change some Us dollars to cover my expense here . Please go to Counter No . 2 , the foreign exchange counter . It's over there .
Happy birthday , Jim ! Thank you , Lisa . Here is a present for you . I hope you like it . Oh , great ! I love it ! You know I've been expecting this for a long time . I'm very glad to hear that .
Where to , ma'am ? The Grand Hotel . The Grand Hotel ? Yes . Do you know where it is ? No , Madam . I don't think I do .
The Grand Hotel . The Grand Hotel ? Yes . Do you know where it is ? No , Madam . I don't think I do . It's the 11th Avenue , Park Street .
I wish the politicians would quit digging up dirt about each other's past . I know . It really makes a mess of the whole election process . And it takes up all the news . The problem is that there always a large number of people who eat that kind of stuff up . It's so small . The fact that there is public interest , doesn't say much for us as the public .
I know . It really makes a mess of the whole election process . And it takes up all the news . The problem is that there always a large number of people who eat that kind of stuff up . It's so small . The fact that there is public interest , doesn't say much for us as the public . Have you ever listened to AM radio ? It's quite a different experience than the traditional news stations on TV and FM radio .
And it takes up all the news . The problem is that there always a large number of people who eat that kind of stuff up . It's so small . The fact that there is public interest , doesn't say much for us as the public . Have you ever listened to AM radio ? It's quite a different experience than the traditional news stations on TV and FM radio . I don't remember the last time I listened to AM radio .
What seems to the trouble Mr Brown ? I ' m in pretty bad shape , Doctor Ford . Oh , In what way . No appetite , always unaged and I can ' t sleep well . Did you lose any weight ?
I ' m in pretty bad shape , Doctor Ford . Oh , In what way . No appetite , always unaged and I can ' t sleep well . Did you lose any weight ? YES . I ' Ve lost quite a few pounds since last month .
Oh , In what way . No appetite , always unaged and I can ' t sleep well . Did you lose any weight ? YES . I ' Ve lost quite a few pounds since last month . when was the last time you have track up ?
No appetite , always unaged and I can ' t sleep well . Did you lose any weight ? YES . I ' Ve lost quite a few pounds since last month . when was the last time you have track up ? About two month ago .
Did you lose any weight ? YES . I ' Ve lost quite a few pounds since last month . when was the last time you have track up ? About two month ago . Let me take your blood pressure . You look anilic . Well , Mr . Brown . I ' m happy to say it ' s nothing serious . You just a little run down from overwork .
YES . I ' Ve lost quite a few pounds since last month . when was the last time you have track up ? About two month ago . Let me take your blood pressure . You look anilic . Well , Mr . Brown . I ' m happy to say it ' s nothing serious . You just a little run down from overwork . What am I suppose to do ?
when was the last time you have track up ? About two month ago . Let me take your blood pressure . You look anilic . Well , Mr . Brown . I ' m happy to say it ' s nothing serious . You just a little run down from overwork . What am I suppose to do ? I think you ' ll needs just vacation . Try to get out doors more . I ' ll be sure if you get more rest .
The restaurant across the street hired a new Chinese chef , so I ordered some Chinese food there for this evening . Good . I love Chinese food . What did you order ? Something hot and spicy . They look very inviting on the menu . You are going to love them . Maybe we can find a place to learn some Chinese cooking . I hear there's a place in Chinatown where you can take some courses . Are you interested ? I'm not sure . I don't enjoy cooking that much . As long as we can order it from a restaurant , we don't have to learn to do it by ourselves .
I'm a little rushed . Is there any quicker way to get there ? Yeah , of course . You can take a taxi . How much will that run me ? It depends on traffic and distance , but it is reasonable . Do the drivers speak English ?
Yeah , of course . You can take a taxi . How much will that run me ? It depends on traffic and distance , but it is reasonable . Do the drivers speak English ? Some are better than others . But , you shouldn't have a problem .
How much will that run me ? It depends on traffic and distance , but it is reasonable . Do the drivers speak English ? Some are better than others . But , you shouldn't have a problem . Are they safe ?
Look at this newspaper article about this famous local medium . It says that she is really gifted and so popular now , that she is booked solid with appointments for the next twelve months ! You don't really believe in all that hocus pocus mumbo jumbo , do you ? Well , I have had many friends that went to a psychic and got their palms read and most of the things the psychic told her came true ! Of course it does ! They tell you general and obvious things like that you will be successful or have a big house . I think most of the times they are just scam artists . Well , historically it is a practice that many cultures share . Reading the tarot cards , in the east they would even read tea leaves ! I even heard that there are people that make you smoke a cigar , and then read your ashes .
Are you ready to go shopping ? Not yet . I'm not finished with my research yet . What research ? Reading my fashion magazines ! How do you think I know so much about all the latest trends ? But they're just ads .
Could you please wait for a minute ? I'll buy the tickets All right . Here is your ticket . Thank you . The park will close soon . We Should better go in right now .
All right . Here is your ticket . Thank you . The park will close soon . We Should better go in right now . Really ?
Here is your ticket . Thank you . The park will close soon . We Should better go in right now . Really ? Yes , let's go in .
Thank you . The park will close soon . We Should better go in right now . Really ? Yes , let's go in . It is a new park , isn't it ?
The park will close soon . We Should better go in right now . Really ? Yes , let's go in . It is a new park , isn't it ? Yes , how do you know ?
Really ? Yes , let's go in . It is a new park , isn't it ? Yes , how do you know ? I guessed it .
Yes , let's go in . It is a new park , isn't it ? Yes , how do you know ? I guessed it . Well , generally speaking , the park is a window on the world history , a window on the world civilization and a window on the world's tourist attractions as well .
Hi there , I want to reserve a hotel room . No problem at all . Could I have your full name , please ? Sure , John Sandals . Hi , Mr . Sandals . I'm Michelle , at your service . When do you need the room ? My plans are to be there April 14th to the 17th .
No problem at all . Could I have your full name , please ? Sure , John Sandals . Hi , Mr . Sandals . I'm Michelle , at your service . When do you need the room ? My plans are to be there April 14th to the 17th . We have new room rates , sir . Will that be acceptable to you ?
Sure , John Sandals . Hi , Mr . Sandals . I'm Michelle , at your service . When do you need the room ? My plans are to be there April 14th to the 17th . We have new room rates , sir . Will that be acceptable to you ? Well , it depends on the price , of course . What is it ?
Hi , Mr . Sandals . I'm Michelle , at your service . When do you need the room ? My plans are to be there April 14th to the 17th . We have new room rates , sir . Will that be acceptable to you ? Well , it depends on the price , of course . What is it ? It's $ 308 a night .
My plans are to be there April 14th to the 17th . We have new room rates , sir . Will that be acceptable to you ? Well , it depends on the price , of course . What is it ? It's $ 308 a night . I have no problem with that .
We have new room rates , sir . Will that be acceptable to you ? Well , it depends on the price , of course . What is it ? It's $ 308 a night . I have no problem with that . Great ! Would you prefer smoking or nonsmoking ?
Well , it depends on the price , of course . What is it ? It's $ 308 a night . I have no problem with that . Great ! Would you prefer smoking or nonsmoking ? Definitely nonsmoking . I can't handle that smell .
It's $ 308 a night . I have no problem with that . Great ! Would you prefer smoking or nonsmoking ? Definitely nonsmoking . I can't handle that smell . Nonsmoking . Now , is a queen-size bed okay ?
I have no problem with that . Great ! Would you prefer smoking or nonsmoking ? Definitely nonsmoking . I can't handle that smell . Nonsmoking . Now , is a queen-size bed okay ? No problem .
Great ! Would you prefer smoking or nonsmoking ? Definitely nonsmoking . I can't handle that smell . Nonsmoking . Now , is a queen-size bed okay ? No problem . Great , Mr . Sandals . Your reservation is confirmed . Now all I need is your phone number .
Definitely nonsmoking . I can't handle that smell . Nonsmoking . Now , is a queen-size bed okay ? No problem . Great , Mr . Sandals . Your reservation is confirmed . Now all I need is your phone number . Of course ! It's area code 626-555-1739 .
Did you watch the final last night ? My favorite singer won ! Oh , I love him too . He not only sings well but also shows perseverance when he encounters difficulties in the contest . Yeah , he got booted after his initial performance in the audition , but he did not give up . He then tried at another two auditions . He had barely survived the third audition and finally got a chance to advance in the contest . Fortunately , in the third audition , he has won popularity among the audience . And that's when I started to notice him . Me too .
Oh , I love him too . He not only sings well but also shows perseverance when he encounters difficulties in the contest . Yeah , he got booted after his initial performance in the audition , but he did not give up . He then tried at another two auditions . He had barely survived the third audition and finally got a chance to advance in the contest . Fortunately , in the third audition , he has won popularity among the audience . And that's when I started to notice him . Me too . Before he made the top three , I was so nervous . I just fear that he might be knocked out .
Yeah , he got booted after his initial performance in the audition , but he did not give up . He then tried at another two auditions . He had barely survived the third audition and finally got a chance to advance in the contest . Fortunately , in the third audition , he has won popularity among the audience . And that's when I started to notice him . Me too . Before he made the top three , I was so nervous . I just fear that he might be knocked out . Yeah , there're so many excellent candidates out there . Who knows which one will make it to the final ?
He had barely survived the third audition and finally got a chance to advance in the contest . Fortunately , in the third audition , he has won popularity among the audience . And that's when I started to notice him . Me too . Before he made the top three , I was so nervous . I just fear that he might be knocked out . Yeah , there're so many excellent candidates out there . Who knows which one will make it to the final ? Absolutely . That's why when he entered the final , I was so excited .
Me too . Before he made the top three , I was so nervous . I just fear that he might be knocked out . Yeah , there're so many excellent candidates out there . Who knows which one will make it to the final ? Absolutely . That's why when he entered the final , I was so excited . He really did a great job in the finale , especially in the PK round . He performed so well that the majority of the audience cast their votes for him .
Would you like to take a look at the menu , sir ? Yes . Thank you . Would you care for a drink before you order ? A glass of Qingdao beer . Yes , sir . I'll bring it over . Have you decided what you'd like , sir ?
Good morning . Are you Mr . Liu ? My name is Liu Lichi . How do you do ? How do you do ? Please be seated , How is your trip here ? Quite good , I think . I came here by bus , and it took me about 15 minutes . Oh , yes . How old are you ?
My name is Liu Lichi . How do you do ? How do you do ? Please be seated , How is your trip here ? Quite good , I think . I came here by bus , and it took me about 15 minutes . Oh , yes . How old are you ? Twenty .
How do you do ? Please be seated , How is your trip here ? Quite good , I think . I came here by bus , and it took me about 15 minutes . Oh , yes . How old are you ? Twenty . Hum , still a student ?
Quite good , I think . I came here by bus , and it took me about 15 minutes . Oh , yes . How old are you ? Twenty . Hum , still a student ? Yes , I'm student of grade 3 in the university majoring in economics .
Oh , yes . How old are you ? Twenty . Hum , still a student ? Yes , I'm student of grade 3 in the university majoring in economics . What subjects are you studying ?
Twenty . Hum , still a student ? Yes , I'm student of grade 3 in the university majoring in economics . What subjects are you studying ? English , math , commercial and legal studies , and accountancy .
Hum , still a student ? Yes , I'm student of grade 3 in the university majoring in economics . What subjects are you studying ? English , math , commercial and legal studies , and accountancy . Have you had any working experience .
Yes , I'm student of grade 3 in the university majoring in economics . What subjects are you studying ? English , math , commercial and legal studies , and accountancy . Have you had any working experience . Well , I worked at a supermarket during last summer holidays .
What subjects are you studying ? English , math , commercial and legal studies , and accountancy . Have you had any working experience . Well , I worked at a supermarket during last summer holidays . What do you like to do in your spare time ?
English , math , commercial and legal studies , and accountancy . Have you had any working experience . Well , I worked at a supermarket during last summer holidays . What do you like to do in your spare time ? I like sports very much . Besides that , I also like working on a computer in my spare time .
Have you had any working experience . Well , I worked at a supermarket during last summer holidays . What do you like to do in your spare time ? I like sports very much . Besides that , I also like working on a computer in my spare time . How are your English and computer skills ?
Well , I worked at a supermarket during last summer holidays . What do you like to do in your spare time ? I like sports very much . Besides that , I also like working on a computer in my spare time . How are your English and computer skills ? I have passed the CET - 4 and 6 . As far as computer is concerned I can use the computer for word processing .
This looks like a very nice house . You know , I fell in love with this house the first moment I laid eyes on it . The style of the exterior is just what I ' Ve been looking for ! The exterior is only half of the story . The interior is incredible . This home is gorgeous on the inside !
You know , I fell in love with this house the first moment I laid eyes on it . The style of the exterior is just what I ' Ve been looking for ! The exterior is only half of the story . The interior is incredible . This home is gorgeous on the inside ! Everything that you see on the walls , floors , and windows is brand new .
The style of the exterior is just what I ' Ve been looking for ! The exterior is only half of the story . The interior is incredible . This home is gorgeous on the inside ! Everything that you see on the walls , floors , and windows is brand new . The wall colors totally suit the style of this house .
The exterior is only half of the story . The interior is incredible . This home is gorgeous on the inside ! Everything that you see on the walls , floors , and windows is brand new . The wall colors totally suit the style of this house . Straight ahead is the gourmet kitchen .
This home is gorgeous on the inside ! Everything that you see on the walls , floors , and windows is brand new . The wall colors totally suit the style of this house . Straight ahead is the gourmet kitchen . I love the bamboo flooring and granite countertops .
Everything that you see on the walls , floors , and windows is brand new . The wall colors totally suit the style of this house . Straight ahead is the gourmet kitchen . I love the bamboo flooring and granite countertops . The master suite is the best . Let ' s go look at that next .
The wall colors totally suit the style of this house . Straight ahead is the gourmet kitchen . I love the bamboo flooring and granite countertops . The master suite is the best . Let ' s go look at that next . There is plenty of room for our king-sized bed , and I love the light in this room .
Leo ! I wanted to tell you thanks for all your hard work on the budget . We ' re having a get-together after work tonight at Carl ' s Karaoke Club to celebrate having finished it . We ' d love to see What fun ! Normally I ' d love to , but I ' m afraid I have to work late tonight . We ' Ve got to get the contract ready for Miss King . Oh , right . You ' re busy with that contract . Maybe you could join us later ? Unfortunately , I just can ' t make it this time . I have to go straight home . It ' s my second wedding anniversary , and we ' re supposed to be having a big dinner Susan would kill me if I missed it . Happy anniversary ! Sorry you won ' t be there . Maybe some other time ?
Tom , is Jenny crying ? Can you take he away from me ? I ' m just coming for that . She kept bothering me . She ' s your sister . What she asked was only duck soup for you . Why can ' t you be good to her ?
Welcome to the company . We are conducting a survey of new employees to find out what influenced them to choose our company . That's easy . It was your office ergonomics that decided me . You're kidding ! Something as simple as that ? Yes . It is very important to me . My mother worked in offices for twenty years , and she finally had carpal tunnel syndrome . I have been reading about repetitive stress injuries , and I know that t Yes , there has been a lot of research into RSI's . Something so simple as proper chair height can prevent injuries . Tell me , did anything else influence your decision ?
That's easy . It was your office ergonomics that decided me . You're kidding ! Something as simple as that ? Yes . It is very important to me . My mother worked in offices for twenty years , and she finally had carpal tunnel syndrome . I have been reading about repetitive stress injuries , and I know that t Yes , there has been a lot of research into RSI's . Something so simple as proper chair height can prevent injuries . Tell me , did anything else influence your decision ? Yes , I noticed that you have professional training and team-building days . I like the idea of working for a company that invests in its staff .
Whew ! I had to wait for almost an hour to get to the front of the line . You have much patience . Wow ! Your calligraphy is very beautiful . It was worth the wait ! Thank you . Today I'm writing a kind of poem called a Chinese couplet . What does it say ?
You have much patience . Wow ! Your calligraphy is very beautiful . It was worth the wait ! Thank you . Today I'm writing a kind of poem called a Chinese couplet . What does it say ? This is an especially famous one . It says " May the passing days bring you health and longevity . May this season of renewal find you basked in riches . "
Wow ! Your calligraphy is very beautiful . It was worth the wait ! Thank you . Today I'm writing a kind of poem called a Chinese couplet . What does it say ? This is an especially famous one . It says " May the passing days bring you health and longevity . May this season of renewal find you basked in riches . " That's very nice . Is it for sale ?
Thank you . Today I'm writing a kind of poem called a Chinese couplet . What does it say ? This is an especially famous one . It says " May the passing days bring you health and longevity . May this season of renewal find you basked in riches . " That's very nice . Is it for sale ? No . I never sell my artwork .
What does it say ? This is an especially famous one . It says " May the passing days bring you health and longevity . May this season of renewal find you basked in riches . " That's very nice . Is it for sale ? No . I never sell my artwork . Really ? Then what do you do with it ?
This is an especially famous one . It says " May the passing days bring you health and longevity . May this season of renewal find you basked in riches . " That's very nice . Is it for sale ? No . I never sell my artwork . Really ? Then what do you do with it ? I give it away . Here , this one is for you .
That's very nice . Is it for sale ? No . I never sell my artwork . Really ? Then what do you do with it ? I give it away . Here , this one is for you . Wow ! Really ? Are you sure ? Now I'll have a lucky year !
How many pieces of luggage would you like to check in , sir ? Three bags and a suitcase . This is my luggage to check . Do you have any carry-on luggage ? No . Put your luggage on the scale , please . Oh , your luggage is overweight .
Three bags and a suitcase . This is my luggage to check . Do you have any carry-on luggage ? No . Put your luggage on the scale , please . Oh , your luggage is overweight . How much is the excess baggage part charge ?
Do you have any carry-on luggage ? No . Put your luggage on the scale , please . Oh , your luggage is overweight . How much is the excess baggage part charge ? Twenty-two dollars
No . Put your luggage on the scale , please . Oh , your luggage is overweight . How much is the excess baggage part charge ? Twenty-two dollars Here you are .
Put your luggage on the scale , please . Oh , your luggage is overweight . How much is the excess baggage part charge ? Twenty-two dollars Here you are . This is your voucher , and you can get your luggage back on this . Have a good trip !
So , Monica , how do you like your new office ? Well , I love it . The room is spacious and clean with big windows and a lot of sunshine . There are plants along the corridor . Especially , I got my own desk with computer and telephone . Such a great place ! That ' s very good . I once turn down a job offer just because the office is awful . What was so bad about it ? Small rooms , small window , a small desk shared by three people . I would have been interrupted all the time and for sure not be able to deliver good work .
Well , I love it . The room is spacious and clean with big windows and a lot of sunshine . There are plants along the corridor . Especially , I got my own desk with computer and telephone . Such a great place ! That ' s very good . I once turn down a job offer just because the office is awful . What was so bad about it ? Small rooms , small window , a small desk shared by three people . I would have been interrupted all the time and for sure not be able to deliver good work . Sounds bad ! Lucky you ! You didn ' t take that job . I think a good office environment is also important to work efficiently .
I wonder what he looks like . Oh , I can't wait to see him ! His email said he'd be wearing a white hat . oh , there he is . hey , Isabelle ... Logan ! Why on earth are you hiding here ? White hat ! Come on ! Don't tell me you're the guy ! It can't be true . yes , I am the guy ... what a bummer ! You set me up ?
Hello , Miao Li , Where are you going ? Hello , I am going to the store to buy some fruit . Oh , Would you do me a favor ? Yes ? Please mail this letter for me on your way to the store .
Hello , I am going to the store to buy some fruit . Oh , Would you do me a favor ? Yes ? Please mail this letter for me on your way to the store . Sure . Do you want it to be registered ?
Oh , Would you do me a favor ? Yes ? Please mail this letter for me on your way to the store . Sure . Do you want it to be registered ? Yes , I think so . There are some pictures in it . It would be a great pity if they were lost .
Yes ? Please mail this letter for me on your way to the store . Sure . Do you want it to be registered ? Yes , I think so . There are some pictures in it . It would be a great pity if they were lost . Yes , I will be glad to mail your letter .
Please mail this letter for me on your way to the store . Sure . Do you want it to be registered ? Yes , I think so . There are some pictures in it . It would be a great pity if they were lost . Yes , I will be glad to mail your letter . Thanks .
Wow ! Your fruit looks really fresh ! How much are these apples ? The apples are 30NT each . How many would you like ? Let's see , 30NT is about ... almost a dollar US . What ? ! How about these pineapples ? They're 250NT each , but they're not edible . They're only used for worship . Hmm , 250NT is ... 8 dollars ? ! ! And you can't even eat them ? You're crazy !
The apples are 30NT each . How many would you like ? Let's see , 30NT is about ... almost a dollar US . What ? ! How about these pineapples ? They're 250NT each , but they're not edible . They're only used for worship . Hmm , 250NT is ... 8 dollars ? ! ! And you can't even eat them ? You're crazy ! Wait ! Don't go just yet . These bananas are pretty cheap--only 35NT for this bunch .
Let's see , 30NT is about ... almost a dollar US . What ? ! How about these pineapples ? They're 250NT each , but they're not edible . They're only used for worship . Hmm , 250NT is ... 8 dollars ? ! ! And you can't even eat them ? You're crazy ! Wait ! Don't go just yet . These bananas are pretty cheap--only 35NT for this bunch . Now that's more like it ! Bananas have lots of potassium , too !
They're 250NT each , but they're not edible . They're only used for worship . Hmm , 250NT is ... 8 dollars ? ! ! And you can't even eat them ? You're crazy ! Wait ! Don't go just yet . These bananas are pretty cheap--only 35NT for this bunch . Now that's more like it ! Bananas have lots of potassium , too ! They're also good for your digestion ! Would you like some kiwis , too ?
Hmm , 250NT is ... 8 dollars ? ! ! And you can't even eat them ? You're crazy ! Wait ! Don't go just yet . These bananas are pretty cheap--only 35NT for this bunch . Now that's more like it ! Bananas have lots of potassium , too ! They're also good for your digestion ! Would you like some kiwis , too ? Are they from Taiwan ?
Wait ! Don't go just yet . These bananas are pretty cheap--only 35NT for this bunch . Now that's more like it ! Bananas have lots of potassium , too ! They're also good for your digestion ! Would you like some kiwis , too ? Are they from Taiwan ? They're imported from New Zealand . Four for 50NT . Nine for a hundred .
Good morning , can I help you ? I want to American breakfast with fried eggs sunny side up . What kind of juice do you prefer , sir ? Breakfast juice and please make my coffee very strong . Yes , sir . American breakfast with fried eggs sunny side up . Breakfast juice and black coffee . And my correct , sir ?
I want to American breakfast with fried eggs sunny side up . What kind of juice do you prefer , sir ? Breakfast juice and please make my coffee very strong . Yes , sir . American breakfast with fried eggs sunny side up . Breakfast juice and black coffee . And my correct , sir ? Yes , that ' s right .
What kind of juice do you prefer , sir ? Breakfast juice and please make my coffee very strong . Yes , sir . American breakfast with fried eggs sunny side up . Breakfast juice and black coffee . And my correct , sir ? Yes , that ' s right . Is there anything else , sir ?
Breakfast juice and please make my coffee very strong . Yes , sir . American breakfast with fried eggs sunny side up . Breakfast juice and black coffee . And my correct , sir ? Yes , that ' s right . Is there anything else , sir ? No , that ' s all .
Yes , sir . American breakfast with fried eggs sunny side up . Breakfast juice and black coffee . And my correct , sir ? Yes , that ' s right . Is there anything else , sir ? No , that ' s all . Good morning , sir . I ' Ve got breakfast your ordered .
Yes , that ' s right . Is there anything else , sir ? No , that ' s all . Good morning , sir . I ' Ve got breakfast your ordered . Just put it on the table please .
Is there anything else , sir ? No , that ' s all . Good morning , sir . I ' Ve got breakfast your ordered . Just put it on the table please . Do you need anything else , sir ?
No , that ' s all . Good morning , sir . I ' Ve got breakfast your ordered . Just put it on the table please . Do you need anything else , sir ? No , thanks . Oh , yes , could I have some juice for the mini bar ?
Good morning , sir . I ' Ve got breakfast your ordered . Just put it on the table please . Do you need anything else , sir ? No , thanks . Oh , yes , could I have some juice for the mini bar ? What kind of juice do you like sir ?
Just put it on the table please . Do you need anything else , sir ? No , thanks . Oh , yes , could I have some juice for the mini bar ? What kind of juice do you like sir ? Tomato or orange juice , please .
Boy , it looks like everyone in your family is here , from young to old . Easter's a good day for reunions . The family goes to church together . And after church they come here for lunch ? Yup , a big potluck buffet . And then-notice there are no children around ? Yeah , what's up with that ?
How far do we have to go ? About 50 miles . The traffic is not very heavy on this high way , is it ? So I ' m sure we ' ll make it . No , but we ' Ve got a hurry . It will be the rush hour soon . Don ' t worry . There ' s plenty of time yet .
About 50 miles . The traffic is not very heavy on this high way , is it ? So I ' m sure we ' ll make it . No , but we ' Ve got a hurry . It will be the rush hour soon . Don ' t worry . There ' s plenty of time yet . But it ' s Friday today . This road is always jam packed during the weekend , isn ' t it ?
What's wrong with you ? I have a sore throat and headache . Do you feel tired ? Yes , my whole body feels weak . And I really feel terrible . I'm sorry to hear that . I'll have to examine you .
I have a sore throat and headache . Do you feel tired ? Yes , my whole body feels weak . And I really feel terrible . I'm sorry to hear that . I'll have to examine you . Ok , go ahead .
Can you speak Japanese ? Yes , I can , but not very well . Where did you learn it ? At school . And I'm still learning it now . How long have you been learning it ?
Yes , I can , but not very well . Where did you learn it ? At school . And I'm still learning it now . How long have you been learning it ? About three years .
Where did you learn it ? At school . And I'm still learning it now . How long have you been learning it ? About three years . Can you speak any other languages ?
What can I help you with ? May I ask you something ? What's your question ? How many hours behind the wheel do I need ? What do you need to take it for ?
May I ask you something ? What's your question ? How many hours behind the wheel do I need ? What do you need to take it for ? I'm trying to get my license .
What's your question ? How many hours behind the wheel do I need ? What do you need to take it for ? I'm trying to get my license . You need six hours .
How many hours behind the wheel do I need ? What do you need to take it for ? I'm trying to get my license . You need six hours . Can I do all six hours in one day ?
What do you need to take it for ? I'm trying to get my license . You need six hours . Can I do all six hours in one day ? You have to do it in three days .
I'm trying to get my license . You need six hours . Can I do all six hours in one day ? You have to do it in three days . That's all I have to do ?
You need six hours . Can I do all six hours in one day ? You have to do it in three days . That's all I have to do ? That's everything .
Hello Mr Waterstone , what can I do for you today ? Hello , Becky . Well , you see , I have this thing here , called a Fixed Deposit Certificate , and I've just noticed the date on it . Oh , I see . You have two choices here you can either redeem or renew . I think I'll redeem , if that's not a problem . No problem at all , Mr Waterstone . Any preference as to how you want the money ?
Hello , Becky . Well , you see , I have this thing here , called a Fixed Deposit Certificate , and I've just noticed the date on it . Oh , I see . You have two choices here you can either redeem or renew . I think I'll redeem , if that's not a problem . No problem at all , Mr Waterstone . Any preference as to how you want the money ? Anything you like , but not too many large notes . It's useful to have smaller notes .
Oh , I see . You have two choices here you can either redeem or renew . I think I'll redeem , if that's not a problem . No problem at all , Mr Waterstone . Any preference as to how you want the money ? Anything you like , but not too many large notes . It's useful to have smaller notes . Here we go , Mr Waterstone . Here's your money and your interest note .
Hello . this is Susan . Hello , I ' m Mark . I ' m just wondering if you are free this weekend Yes , I think So . Good . I was thinking that I ' d like to invite you to watch a movie . I can meet you at the cinema gate . What ' s the time ?
Hello , I ' m Mark . I ' m just wondering if you are free this weekend Yes , I think So . Good . I was thinking that I ' d like to invite you to watch a movie . I can meet you at the cinema gate . What ' s the time ? Six thirty , tonight .
Yes , I think So . Good . I was thinking that I ' d like to invite you to watch a movie . I can meet you at the cinema gate . What ' s the time ? Six thirty , tonight . Oh , I ' m sorry I can ' t because I have to do some housework . You can ask Jenny to go with you
Good . I was thinking that I ' d like to invite you to watch a movie . I can meet you at the cinema gate . What ' s the time ? Six thirty , tonight . Oh , I ' m sorry I can ' t because I have to do some housework . You can ask Jenny to go with you All right . Maybe next time I can go with you . Bye !
Good day ! Welcome to Lincoln Bank , how may we assist you ? Hello . I need to find out if a Receipt of Proceeds has arrived . I'm from Felix Wasserman Associates . Thanks . Have you got the L / C number ? It's NX567822100007 . Hang on a tick and I'll check for you . I'm sorry ; we have no record of that arriving .
Hello . I need to find out if a Receipt of Proceeds has arrived . I'm from Felix Wasserman Associates . Thanks . Have you got the L / C number ? It's NX567822100007 . Hang on a tick and I'll check for you . I'm sorry ; we have no record of that arriving . OK , thanks for checking . Could you give me a ring when it arrives , please ?
Do you remember what the ratings of movies stand for ? Yes , G stands for General Audiences , PG means Parental Guidance suggested , R is restricted to audiences under 18 and X means explicit content . Does anyone pay any attention to those ratings anymore ? Remember when we were kids ? Theaters wouldn't let kids in to PG moves without a parent . I remember that I never saw an X moves even displayed .
Yes , G stands for General Audiences , PG means Parental Guidance suggested , R is restricted to audiences under 18 and X means explicit content . Does anyone pay any attention to those ratings anymore ? Remember when we were kids ? Theaters wouldn't let kids in to PG moves without a parent . I remember that I never saw an X moves even displayed . Now with video rentals it's all a personal matter .
Does anyone pay any attention to those ratings anymore ? Remember when we were kids ? Theaters wouldn't let kids in to PG moves without a parent . I remember that I never saw an X moves even displayed . Now with video rentals it's all a personal matter . Yea , I never see theaters turn people away for their age anymore either .
Oh , so many kinds of winter hats . What is your favorite color , miss ? Red . Here you are . It ' s very attractive . May I try it on ?
What is your favorite color , miss ? Red . Here you are . It ' s very attractive . May I try it on ? Go ahead .
Red . Here you are . It ' s very attractive . May I try it on ? Go ahead . Is there a mirror around here ?
Here you are . It ' s very attractive . May I try it on ? Go ahead . Is there a mirror around here ? Right over there .
May I try it on ? Go ahead . Is there a mirror around here ? Right over there . Does it suit me ?
Go ahead . Is there a mirror around here ? Right over there . Does it suit me ? Yes , you look very nice .
Is there a mirror around here ? Right over there . Does it suit me ? Yes , you look very nice . How much is it ?
Right over there . Does it suit me ? Yes , you look very nice . How much is it ? We're having a clearance sale . $ 4 plus tax .
How old is Keith ? He's 21 . How old is James ? He's a year older than Keith , but he looks younger . How's your father ? He's fine . He retired last week . It's a turning point in his life . Now he can relax and enjoy his retirement .
He's 21 . How old is James ? He's a year older than Keith , but he looks younger . How's your father ? He's fine . He retired last week . It's a turning point in his life . Now he can relax and enjoy his retirement . He can spend more time with his grandchildren .
He's a year older than Keith , but he looks younger . How's your father ? He's fine . He retired last week . It's a turning point in his life . Now he can relax and enjoy his retirement . He can spend more time with his grandchildren . Oh , I don't think he wants to . He wants to travel to several different countries around the world .
How's your father ? He's fine . He retired last week . It's a turning point in his life . Now he can relax and enjoy his retirement . He can spend more time with his grandchildren . Oh , I don't think he wants to . He wants to travel to several different countries around the world . So , he wants to have a more active retirement . Good idea !
He's fine . He retired last week . It's a turning point in his life . Now he can relax and enjoy his retirement . He can spend more time with his grandchildren . Oh , I don't think he wants to . He wants to travel to several different countries around the world . So , he wants to have a more active retirement . Good idea ! How do you want to spend your old age ?
John , I ' d like you to meet Charles Brown , our new manager at the airport . Yes , certainly . How can I recognize him ? He is short , well-built , and he ' s got light blond hair . Is there anything else ? He has a mustache , if I remember correctly , and a light complexion .
Yes , certainly . How can I recognize him ? He is short , well-built , and he ' s got light blond hair . Is there anything else ? He has a mustache , if I remember correctly , and a light complexion . How old is he ?
He is short , well-built , and he ' s got light blond hair . Is there anything else ? He has a mustache , if I remember correctly , and a light complexion . How old is he ? He is in his late thirties .
Is there anything else ? He has a mustache , if I remember correctly , and a light complexion . How old is he ? He is in his late thirties . Well . I shouldn ' t have any trouble recognizing him . What time does his flight arrive ?
What can I do for you today ? I would like to use a computer . Do you have your library card ? I sure do . There is a wait for the computers .
I would like to use a computer . Do you have your library card ? I sure do . There is a wait for the computers . That ' s all right .
Do you have your library card ? I sure do . There is a wait for the computers . That ' s all right . You need to print your name on this list .
I sure do . There is a wait for the computers . That ' s all right . You need to print your name on this list . Okay . Now what ?
There is a wait for the computers . That ' s all right . You need to print your name on this list . Okay . Now what ? Once a computer is available , I will let you know .
That ' s all right . You need to print your name on this list . Okay . Now what ? Once a computer is available , I will let you know . How am I supposed to log on to the computer ?
You need to print your name on this list . Okay . Now what ? Once a computer is available , I will let you know . How am I supposed to log on to the computer ? All you do is type in the number on the back of your card .
How are you today ? Great , thanks . Can I help you ? I would actually like to view the apartment for rent today . I ' m sorry , but you won ' t be able to view it today .
Great , thanks . Can I help you ? I would actually like to view the apartment for rent today . I ' m sorry , but you won ' t be able to view it today . Why not ?
Can I help you ? I would actually like to view the apartment for rent today . I ' m sorry , but you won ' t be able to view it today . Why not ? You have to make an appointment first .
I would actually like to view the apartment for rent today . I ' m sorry , but you won ' t be able to view it today . Why not ? You have to make an appointment first . Oh , okay . Can I do that right now ?
I ' m sorry , but you won ' t be able to view it today . Why not ? You have to make an appointment first . Oh , okay . Can I do that right now ? Is this Friday okay ?
Why not ? You have to make an appointment first . Oh , okay . Can I do that right now ? Is this Friday okay ? Is 6 o ' clock Friday evening okay ?
You have to make an appointment first . Oh , okay . Can I do that right now ? Is this Friday okay ? Is 6 o ' clock Friday evening okay ? Yes , I will schedule you for that time .
What can I get for you today ? Could I get a hamburger , please ? Would you like cheese on that ? No , thank you . Would you like a drink ?
Could I get a hamburger , please ? Would you like cheese on that ? No , thank you . Would you like a drink ? Let me have a soda .
Would you like cheese on that ? No , thank you . Would you like a drink ? Let me have a soda . What kind of soda would you like ?
No , thank you . Would you like a drink ? Let me have a soda . What kind of soda would you like ? May I have a Sprite , please ?
Would you like a drink ? Let me have a soda . What kind of soda would you like ? May I have a Sprite , please ? Sure , no problem .
Let me have a soda . What kind of soda would you like ? May I have a Sprite , please ? Sure , no problem . I would also like a bag of chips .
What kind of soda would you like ? May I have a Sprite , please ? Sure , no problem . I would also like a bag of chips . Will that be all ?
How are you ? I ' m doing well . How may I help you ? Could you cancel a check for me ? What ' s the problem ?
I ' m doing well . How may I help you ? Could you cancel a check for me ? What ' s the problem ? I wrote the check out for way too much .
How may I help you ? Could you cancel a check for me ? What ' s the problem ? I wrote the check out for way too much . How much ?
Could you cancel a check for me ? What ' s the problem ? I wrote the check out for way too much . How much ? I wrote the check out for $ 150 .
What ' s the problem ? I wrote the check out for way too much . How much ? I wrote the check out for $ 150 . What were you supposed to write it out for ?
I wrote the check out for way too much . How much ? I wrote the check out for $ 150 . What were you supposed to write it out for ? I was supposed to write the check out for $ 100 .
How much ? I wrote the check out for $ 150 . What were you supposed to write it out for ? I was supposed to write the check out for $ 100 . I ' ll just cancel it for you right now .
Have you decided what you ' re going to do during your holiday ? Yes . I ' m going to travel around Europe . Wow , that sounds great ! Where are you going ? I think I will start off in Paris . Then I ' m going to take the train to Nice and then go on to Milan . Oh that will be lovely . You ' ll be able to do lots of shopping I expect .
Yes . I ' m going to travel around Europe . Wow , that sounds great ! Where are you going ? I think I will start off in Paris . Then I ' m going to take the train to Nice and then go on to Milan . Oh that will be lovely . You ' ll be able to do lots of shopping I expect . Oh yes and try lots of new food too .
Wow , that sounds great ! Where are you going ? I think I will start off in Paris . Then I ' m going to take the train to Nice and then go on to Milan . Oh that will be lovely . You ' ll be able to do lots of shopping I expect . Oh yes and try lots of new food too . Great . Make sure you buy me a souvenir !
Please help yourself to whatever you like , don't be shy . Yes , thank you . I've already been helping myself . This dish taste terrific . Would you like to try a little ? It is a little hot , but very good . I like hot food , especially Sichuan cuisine . Would you like another beer ?
Yes , thank you . I've already been helping myself . This dish taste terrific . Would you like to try a little ? It is a little hot , but very good . I like hot food , especially Sichuan cuisine . Would you like another beer ? I'll have another cup of beer insist . I know I don't like to drink alone , especially there are someone sitting there next to me .
This dish taste terrific . Would you like to try a little ? It is a little hot , but very good . I like hot food , especially Sichuan cuisine . Would you like another beer ? I'll have another cup of beer insist . I know I don't like to drink alone , especially there are someone sitting there next to me . Come on , it's the weekend . Let's taste and enjoy this meal . Cheers !
What's wrong with you ? You look pale . I'm not sure , I feel hot and cold . When did the trouble start ? I was sick most of the night . It sounds like you are coming down with the flu . Let me take your temperature .
I'm not sure , I feel hot and cold . When did the trouble start ? I was sick most of the night . It sounds like you are coming down with the flu . Let me take your temperature . Have I got a high fever ?
When did the trouble start ? I was sick most of the night . It sounds like you are coming down with the flu . Let me take your temperature . Have I got a high fever ? Yes , thirty-eight point seven . Do you have a headache , chest or throat pain ?
I was sick most of the night . It sounds like you are coming down with the flu . Let me take your temperature . Have I got a high fever ? Yes , thirty-eight point seven . Do you have a headache , chest or throat pain ? Yes , I have .
It sounds like you are coming down with the flu . Let me take your temperature . Have I got a high fever ? Yes , thirty-eight point seven . Do you have a headache , chest or throat pain ? Yes , I have . Now , let me have a look at you . I'd like to listen to your chest . Now breathe in , a deep breath , that's it Cough , now again . I want to examine your throat , too . Open wide , say ' Ah - - '
Have I got a high fever ? Yes , thirty-eight point seven . Do you have a headache , chest or throat pain ? Yes , I have . Now , let me have a look at you . I'd like to listen to your chest . Now breathe in , a deep breath , that's it Cough , now again . I want to examine your throat , too . Open wide , say ' Ah - - ' Aaaaahh , aaaaahh .
Yes , thirty-eight point seven . Do you have a headache , chest or throat pain ? Yes , I have . Now , let me have a look at you . I'd like to listen to your chest . Now breathe in , a deep breath , that's it Cough , now again . I want to examine your throat , too . Open wide , say ' Ah - - ' Aaaaahh , aaaaahh . Yes , it does look a bit sore . Let's take an X-ray of your chest and give you a few tests .
Yes , I have . Now , let me have a look at you . I'd like to listen to your chest . Now breathe in , a deep breath , that's it Cough , now again . I want to examine your throat , too . Open wide , say ' Ah - - ' Aaaaahh , aaaaahh . Yes , it does look a bit sore . Let's take an X-ray of your chest and give you a few tests . All right , thanks .
Now , let me have a look at you . I'd like to listen to your chest . Now breathe in , a deep breath , that's it Cough , now again . I want to examine your throat , too . Open wide , say ' Ah - - ' Aaaaahh , aaaaahh . Yes , it does look a bit sore . Let's take an X-ray of your chest and give you a few tests . All right , thanks . The tests showed nothing wrong . A slight viral infection .
Aaaaahh , aaaaahh . Yes , it does look a bit sore . Let's take an X-ray of your chest and give you a few tests . All right , thanks . The tests showed nothing wrong . A slight viral infection . What shall I do today ?
Good morning . what can I do for you ? I'm looking for some earrings for my wife as a wedding anniversary gift . You've come to the right store . We've got a beautiful and wide selection of earrings for you to choose from . I saw a pair of earrings outside your window . Can you show them to me ? Do you mean the exquisite pearl earrings ?
I'm looking for some earrings for my wife as a wedding anniversary gift . You've come to the right store . We've got a beautiful and wide selection of earrings for you to choose from . I saw a pair of earrings outside your window . Can you show them to me ? Do you mean the exquisite pearl earrings ? Exactly . How much do you want for them ?
You've come to the right store . We've got a beautiful and wide selection of earrings for you to choose from . I saw a pair of earrings outside your window . Can you show them to me ? Do you mean the exquisite pearl earrings ? Exactly . How much do you want for them ? They're only three thousand yuan .
I saw a pair of earrings outside your window . Can you show them to me ? Do you mean the exquisite pearl earrings ? Exactly . How much do you want for them ? They're only three thousand yuan . What is this setting made of ?
Do you mean the exquisite pearl earrings ? Exactly . How much do you want for them ? They're only three thousand yuan . What is this setting made of ? Well , it's specially made of a platinum alloy , sir , and the lustre will never fade out .
Exactly . How much do you want for them ? They're only three thousand yuan . What is this setting made of ? Well , it's specially made of a platinum alloy , sir , and the lustre will never fade out . I'II take them . Please wrap them up tor me and give me the receipt .
You've heard of Bruce Jenner , haven't you ? He won the decathlon in the 1976 Olympics , right ? I read that he trained so much that he used to dream about jumping hurdles . I can think of better things to dream about ... Sometimes he would wake up covered in sweat , with his legs pumping away .
hi , Bob , I am so glad that you came . of course I'd come . I couldn't think of a better chance to see all my old friends . yeah . It's hard to believe that it's been ten years since graduation . It feels just yesterday we collected our diplomas . how time flies . But hey , how are things going with you ? oh , where to start ? There have been ups and downs . I'm still trying to find my place in this world . It's only recently that I've been able to start settling down . How about you ? You still with Jenn
of course I'd come . I couldn't think of a better chance to see all my old friends . yeah . It's hard to believe that it's been ten years since graduation . It feels just yesterday we collected our diplomas . how time flies . But hey , how are things going with you ? oh , where to start ? There have been ups and downs . I'm still trying to find my place in this world . It's only recently that I've been able to start settling down . How about you ? You still with Jenn yeah , Jenny and I got married right after graduation . It was tough the first years trying to make ends meet . I was supporting us both while she continued her studies . But now things are getting better
yeah . It's hard to believe that it's been ten years since graduation . It feels just yesterday we collected our diplomas . how time flies . But hey , how are things going with you ? oh , where to start ? There have been ups and downs . I'm still trying to find my place in this world . It's only recently that I've been able to start settling down . How about you ? You still with Jenn yeah , Jenny and I got married right after graduation . It was tough the first years trying to make ends meet . I was supporting us both while she continued her studies . But now things are getting better oh , that sounds wonderful . I have always known you two would make it . I hope I can keep in better contact with you guys . I don't want us to drift apart again .
how time flies . But hey , how are things going with you ? oh , where to start ? There have been ups and downs . I'm still trying to find my place in this world . It's only recently that I've been able to start settling down . How about you ? You still with Jenn yeah , Jenny and I got married right after graduation . It was tough the first years trying to make ends meet . I was supporting us both while she continued her studies . But now things are getting better oh , that sounds wonderful . I have always known you two would make it . I hope I can keep in better contact with you guys . I don't want us to drift apart again . definitely ! Actually , we just moved into a new place . There's a house-warming party this Saturday , if you are free ? I know Jenny would love to see you again and it should be a good party .
Hello . Good morning , Ruth . Did I wake you up ? No , I was just about to get up . What's up , Carl ? Listen , I am calling to confirm what you said yesterday . Are we supposed to meet at the Chinatown terminal of the Avenue B bus or D bus ? B as in boy . You should get off at the last stop in Chinatown .
Good morning , Ruth . Did I wake you up ? No , I was just about to get up . What's up , Carl ? Listen , I am calling to confirm what you said yesterday . Are we supposed to meet at the Chinatown terminal of the Avenue B bus or D bus ? B as in boy . You should get off at the last stop in Chinatown . Oh , you mean Canal Street ?
No , I was just about to get up . What's up , Carl ? Listen , I am calling to confirm what you said yesterday . Are we supposed to meet at the Chinatown terminal of the Avenue B bus or D bus ? B as in boy . You should get off at the last stop in Chinatown . Oh , you mean Canal Street ? That's the wrong direction . Canal Street is on the other side of Chinatown .
Listen , I am calling to confirm what you said yesterday . Are we supposed to meet at the Chinatown terminal of the Avenue B bus or D bus ? B as in boy . You should get off at the last stop in Chinatown . Oh , you mean Canal Street ? That's the wrong direction . Canal Street is on the other side of Chinatown . Oh , I get it . When did we decide to meet ?
B as in boy . You should get off at the last stop in Chinatown . Oh , you mean Canal Street ? That's the wrong direction . Canal Street is on the other side of Chinatown . Oh , I get it . When did we decide to meet ? At 10,45 . Is Ann coming along ?
Oh , you mean Canal Street ? That's the wrong direction . Canal Street is on the other side of Chinatown . Oh , I get it . When did we decide to meet ? At 10,45 . Is Ann coming along ? I cannot get hold of her yet .
That's the wrong direction . Canal Street is on the other side of Chinatown . Oh , I get it . When did we decide to meet ? At 10,45 . Is Ann coming along ? I cannot get hold of her yet . See you around , Carl .
I'm too tired now . I've already worked for 12 hours overtime ! God ! Don't you think they should get you an assistant ? Yes , they were supposed to , but so far nobody's turned up , and I have to do the work alone . This is the first break I've had all day . They're really running you into the ground . Why don't you ask for some time off ? You could take a long weekend and have a good rest . I'm afraid I can't before I finish this project .
God ! Don't you think they should get you an assistant ? Yes , they were supposed to , but so far nobody's turned up , and I have to do the work alone . This is the first break I've had all day . They're really running you into the ground . Why don't you ask for some time off ? You could take a long weekend and have a good rest . I'm afraid I can't before I finish this project . You'd better pay more attention to your health .
Yes , they were supposed to , but so far nobody's turned up , and I have to do the work alone . This is the first break I've had all day . They're really running you into the ground . Why don't you ask for some time off ? You could take a long weekend and have a good rest . I'm afraid I can't before I finish this project . You'd better pay more attention to your health . I will , thanks for your concern .
I think it's time for me to meet my admirer and make him face the music . You do ? How are you going to contact him ? I'm leaving him a message taped to my computer screen . What does it say ? Do you think he'll see it ? He'll see it . It says , I like sweets . Meet me at two thirty in the parking lot .
You do ? How are you going to contact him ? I'm leaving him a message taped to my computer screen . What does it say ? Do you think he'll see it ? He'll see it . It says , I like sweets . Meet me at two thirty in the parking lot . Can I spy on you guys from the window ?
I find it really hard to express myself in class . I have lots of ideas , but they never seem to come out of my mouth . let me give you a little advice . You know what the topics are going to be , so prepares what you would like to say in advance . I often do , but I ' m worried about the responses from other people . you have to be realistic . Not everyone is going to agree with you , but people will respect your opinion and they will respect the fact that you have contributed something to the discussion . I ' m worried that what I say will not make sense .
let me give you a little advice . You know what the topics are going to be , so prepares what you would like to say in advance . I often do , but I ' m worried about the responses from other people . you have to be realistic . Not everyone is going to agree with you , but people will respect your opinion and they will respect the fact that you have contributed something to the discussion . I ' m worried that what I say will not make sense . we could chat about the topic before class . I could check that what you want to say is logical and it would also give you a chance to practice speaking .
I often do , but I ' m worried about the responses from other people . you have to be realistic . Not everyone is going to agree with you , but people will respect your opinion and they will respect the fact that you have contributed something to the discussion . I ' m worried that what I say will not make sense . we could chat about the topic before class . I could check that what you want to say is logical and it would also give you a chance to practice speaking . that ' s a good idea . What should I do if I am in two minds about a topic ?
you have to be realistic . Not everyone is going to agree with you , but people will respect your opinion and they will respect the fact that you have contributed something to the discussion . I ' m worried that what I say will not make sense . we could chat about the topic before class . I could check that what you want to say is logical and it would also give you a chance to practice speaking . that ' s a good idea . What should I do if I am in two minds about a topic ? that ' s easy . Express possibilities . People will think that you are pretty smart to be able to look at the topic from more than one angle .
I ' m worried that what I say will not make sense . we could chat about the topic before class . I could check that what you want to say is logical and it would also give you a chance to practice speaking . that ' s a good idea . What should I do if I am in two minds about a topic ? that ' s easy . Express possibilities . People will think that you are pretty smart to be able to look at the topic from more than one angle . I didn ' t realize that speaking in class could be so easy .
I have to get to Chicago by tomorrow and you're telling me that there are no flights ? I'm very sorry , sir . I could put you on a waiting list , but you would be wise to check out other means of travel . You mean like a bus ? Have you ever traveled for ten hours on a bus before ? I have not sir . But I do have a number for a very comfortable bus that goes to Chicago every hour from here . Alright , give me the number . But put me on that waiting list as well .
I'm very sorry , sir . I could put you on a waiting list , but you would be wise to check out other means of travel . You mean like a bus ? Have you ever traveled for ten hours on a bus before ? I have not sir . But I do have a number for a very comfortable bus that goes to Chicago every hour from here . Alright , give me the number . But put me on that waiting list as well . Here is the number , and your name is on the waiting list .
You mean like a bus ? Have you ever traveled for ten hours on a bus before ? I have not sir . But I do have a number for a very comfortable bus that goes to Chicago every hour from here . Alright , give me the number . But put me on that waiting list as well . Here is the number , and your name is on the waiting list . How many people are on the waiting list right now ?
Good afternoon ! Good afternoon ! Sit down , please . How are you ? I'm very well , thank you . How are you ? Very well too , thank you very much . Isn ' t it a lovely day ? Yes , it's beautiful , but it's also very hot .
Good afternoon ! Sit down , please . How are you ? I'm very well , thank you . How are you ? Very well too , thank you very much . Isn ' t it a lovely day ? Yes , it's beautiful , but it's also very hot . Yes .
I'm very well , thank you . How are you ? Very well too , thank you very much . Isn ' t it a lovely day ? Yes , it's beautiful , but it's also very hot . Yes . What's the weather like in your country ?
Very well too , thank you very much . Isn ' t it a lovely day ? Yes , it's beautiful , but it's also very hot . Yes . What's the weather like in your country ? Mm ... It's quite warm now .
Yes , it's beautiful , but it's also very hot . Yes . What's the weather like in your country ? Mm ... It's quite warm now . Where do you live ?
Yes . What's the weather like in your country ? Mm ... It's quite warm now . Where do you live ? In London . Where do you live ?
Shall we visit the Summer Palace tomorrow ? Good . I don't want to leave Beijing without visiting it . How far is it from our hotel ? It's about 5 kilometers . If we start early , do we have some time for Yuanmingyuan ?
Hi , could we have two orange juice smoothies ? Would you like those with yogurt ? Sure , why not ? What else would you like to add ? We highly recommend caterpillar fungus . Caterpillar fungus ? ! What the heck is that ?
It's time for bed . But I'm not sleepy , Mum . Can I stay and watch more TV ? It's already half past eleven . You have school tomorrow . You'll sleepy all tomorrow , if you don't sleep well tonight . I know . But I promise I won't be sleepy tomorrow . I work really hard . Don't you have the exams coming up soon ? I'm sure you could spend more time preparing for those .
But I'm not sleepy , Mum . Can I stay and watch more TV ? It's already half past eleven . You have school tomorrow . You'll sleepy all tomorrow , if you don't sleep well tonight . I know . But I promise I won't be sleepy tomorrow . I work really hard . Don't you have the exams coming up soon ? I'm sure you could spend more time preparing for those . Oh , I nearly forgot the exams .
It's already half past eleven . You have school tomorrow . You'll sleepy all tomorrow , if you don't sleep well tonight . I know . But I promise I won't be sleepy tomorrow . I work really hard . Don't you have the exams coming up soon ? I'm sure you could spend more time preparing for those . Oh , I nearly forgot the exams . You do well in maths , but your history is not good enough . Am I right ?
I know . But I promise I won't be sleepy tomorrow . I work really hard . Don't you have the exams coming up soon ? I'm sure you could spend more time preparing for those . Oh , I nearly forgot the exams . You do well in maths , but your history is not good enough . Am I right ? Yeah , I guess so . Maybe I can go to sleep now and get up early to review the lessons tomorrow .
Don't you have the exams coming up soon ? I'm sure you could spend more time preparing for those . Oh , I nearly forgot the exams . You do well in maths , but your history is not good enough . Am I right ? Yeah , I guess so . Maybe I can go to sleep now and get up early to review the lessons tomorrow . An excellent idea . Work now and play later .
Oh , I nearly forgot the exams . You do well in maths , but your history is not good enough . Am I right ? Yeah , I guess so . Maybe I can go to sleep now and get up early to review the lessons tomorrow . An excellent idea . Work now and play later . I know you're right . School is more important than TV . Can I watch one more show , then go to bed .
Now , what seems to be the trouble ? It's nothing serious . But I always have a headache , and I haven't slept properly for several weeks . I've also lost appetite and my eyes are burning . Mm , you do look rather pale . Let me take your temperature . Would you put the thermometer under your arm , please ? Now , let me listen to your pulse . Mm , do you feel weak ? Yes , I never seem to have any energy . I'll give you a blood test . Would you roll up your sleeve ? Just as I thought . You're anemic . You'd better pay more attention to your diet . Eat plenty of fresh fruit and vegetables and food high in protein . And don't stay up late working . Try to get more rest .
Hello , thank you for calling Bradford and Sons . This is Tracy speaking , How may I help you ? Hello . I would like to speak to your director of human resources , Ms . Jenkins , Please . Just a moment . I'll check to see if she is at her desk . May I tell her who is calling ? This is Bill Burton from Milford Insurance , I'm calling in regards to our meeting next Tuesday . Thank you , Mr . Burton . Can you please hold for a moment ? I'll check to see if she is available .
Hello . I would like to speak to your director of human resources , Ms . Jenkins , Please . Just a moment . I'll check to see if she is at her desk . May I tell her who is calling ? This is Bill Burton from Milford Insurance , I'm calling in regards to our meeting next Tuesday . Thank you , Mr . Burton . Can you please hold for a moment ? I'll check to see if she is available . No problem .
We've managed to reduce our energy consumption in our factory by about 15 per cent in the last two years . That's excellent . How have you managed that ? Mainly because we've invested in a heat recovery system . What does that mean exactly ? Well , we use the exhaust gases from our printing presses to provide energy to heat our dryers .
That's excellent . How have you managed that ? Mainly because we've invested in a heat recovery system . What does that mean exactly ? Well , we use the exhaust gases from our printing presses to provide energy to heat our dryers . What other sources of energy do you use ?
Are you going to vote ? Of course ! Are you ? I plan to , but what day is the election ? You should know that . Can you just tell me ?
Of course ! Are you ? I plan to , but what day is the election ? You should know that . Can you just tell me ? The election is this Tuesday .
I plan to , but what day is the election ? You should know that . Can you just tell me ? The election is this Tuesday . Are you serious ?
You should know that . Can you just tell me ? The election is this Tuesday . Are you serious ? I ' m not kidding .
Can you just tell me ? The election is this Tuesday . Are you serious ? I ' m not kidding . It ' s a good thing I asked you .
The election is this Tuesday . Are you serious ? I ' m not kidding . It ' s a good thing I asked you . That should ' Ve been something you knew already .
Are you serious ? I ' m not kidding . It ' s a good thing I asked you . That should ' Ve been something you knew already . I couldn ' t remember .
hi , Lander . What's wrong ? I can hardly make ends meet these days . same here . I have't brought any new clothes for three months . my income remains the same but prices just continue to rise . true . The news says that there is a general increase in the price of daily necessities .
I can hardly make ends meet these days . same here . I have't brought any new clothes for three months . my income remains the same but prices just continue to rise . true . The news says that there is a general increase in the price of daily necessities . definitely . I have to spend 300 yuan more on food every month .
same here . I have't brought any new clothes for three months . my income remains the same but prices just continue to rise . true . The news says that there is a general increase in the price of daily necessities . definitely . I have to spend 300 yuan more on food every month . the biggest price jump is for pork , so most people have to turn to chicken .
my income remains the same but prices just continue to rise . true . The news says that there is a general increase in the price of daily necessities . definitely . I have to spend 300 yuan more on food every month . the biggest price jump is for pork , so most people have to turn to chicken . is that inflation ?
true . The news says that there is a general increase in the price of daily necessities . definitely . I have to spend 300 yuan more on food every month . the biggest price jump is for pork , so most people have to turn to chicken . is that inflation ? inflation is more than just the rising prices , I guess . But the central bank is warning about the risk of inflation .
definitely . I have to spend 300 yuan more on food every month . the biggest price jump is for pork , so most people have to turn to chicken . is that inflation ? inflation is more than just the rising prices , I guess . But the central bank is warning about the risk of inflation . has the government taken some measures to curb it ?
the biggest price jump is for pork , so most people have to turn to chicken . is that inflation ? inflation is more than just the rising prices , I guess . But the central bank is warning about the risk of inflation . has the government taken some measures to curb it ? yes . The government has banned price hikes in some key industries like energy .
is that inflation ? inflation is more than just the rising prices , I guess . But the central bank is warning about the risk of inflation . has the government taken some measures to curb it ? yes . The government has banned price hikes in some key industries like energy . but I'm afraid the price hikes will spill over from food into other areas of the economy .
inflation is more than just the rising prices , I guess . But the central bank is warning about the risk of inflation . has the government taken some measures to curb it ? yes . The government has banned price hikes in some key industries like energy . but I'm afraid the price hikes will spill over from food into other areas of the economy . you said it . I think we should tighten our budget and cut our spending .
has the government taken some measures to curb it ? yes . The government has banned price hikes in some key industries like energy . but I'm afraid the price hikes will spill over from food into other areas of the economy . you said it . I think we should tighten our budget and cut our spending . how ?
yes . The government has banned price hikes in some key industries like energy . but I'm afraid the price hikes will spill over from food into other areas of the economy . you said it . I think we should tighten our budget and cut our spending . how ? for a start , we can take the public transport to work . You know , running a car is a big expense .
Dave , there's something I want to talk to you about . Zina , why are you whispering ? I've been talking to WebTracker . I'm thinking of jumping ship . What ? Are you serious ? You'd defect to our archrival ! ? Keep your voice down . We'll talk more later . Right now I need to see Vince .
Zina , why are you whispering ? I've been talking to WebTracker . I'm thinking of jumping ship . What ? Are you serious ? You'd defect to our archrival ! ? Keep your voice down . We'll talk more later . Right now I need to see Vince . We definitely have to talk , Zina . And watch your back . Elvin is still mad about his nose .
Hey . Why did you take that money ? You are such a cheater ! I should send you to jail ! I am not cheating . When you pass go , you collect $ 200 , Everyone knows that ! Well you can ' t just take the money . You have to ask the bank for money . And I ' m the banker . Banker ? Yes ...
I am not cheating . When you pass go , you collect $ 200 , Everyone knows that ! Well you can ' t just take the money . You have to ask the bank for money . And I ' m the banker . Banker ? Yes ... Can I have my $ 200 please ?
Please tell me something about your insurance background . I majored in international banking at college so I took many insurance courses . And I worked at an insurance company for my graduation field work . Why do you want to be an insurance agent ? I care about people and I know the importance of insurance . Do you have any work experience in promotion ?
I majored in international banking at college so I took many insurance courses . And I worked at an insurance company for my graduation field work . Why do you want to be an insurance agent ? I care about people and I know the importance of insurance . Do you have any work experience in promotion ? Yes , I do . I have worked as a salesman for P & G Company Ltd .
Why do you want to be an insurance agent ? I care about people and I know the importance of insurance . Do you have any work experience in promotion ? Yes , I do . I have worked as a salesman for P & G Company Ltd . Do people respond well to you ?
You look upset , anything wrong ? I'm going to quit the job . Why ? The task is tough . You'd look before you leap .
Do you sometimes feel overwhelmed by your work ? Of course ! It is the No . 1 stressor in my life . You know job stress has become a very common problem these days . So we must learn to cope with it . Totally agree . What is your solution ? Well , there are two causes of job stress . One is employee characteristic and the other is company condition . So if we want to manage job stress , both we and the companies should do something . For me , I am trying to balance work and leisure time . You know , all work and no play make Jack a dull boy . You seem to have a very relaxed outlook .
Of course ! It is the No . 1 stressor in my life . You know job stress has become a very common problem these days . So we must learn to cope with it . Totally agree . What is your solution ? Well , there are two causes of job stress . One is employee characteristic and the other is company condition . So if we want to manage job stress , both we and the companies should do something . For me , I am trying to balance work and leisure time . You know , all work and no play make Jack a dull boy . You seem to have a very relaxed outlook . It is necessary . Positive attitude helps to prevent stress .
Totally agree . What is your solution ? Well , there are two causes of job stress . One is employee characteristic and the other is company condition . So if we want to manage job stress , both we and the companies should do something . For me , I am trying to balance work and leisure time . You know , all work and no play make Jack a dull boy . You seem to have a very relaxed outlook . It is necessary . Positive attitude helps to prevent stress . But I don ' t think we can change our working condition . Anyway , we are not the bosses .
Good afternoon ! Can I help you ? Could you show me where the Chinesc-style clothing is located ? I want to buy a silk coat . This way , please . Here they are . They're all handmade . Oh , they look nice . May I try that black one on ? Of course . The fitting room is right over there .
Could you show me where the Chinesc-style clothing is located ? I want to buy a silk coat . This way , please . Here they are . They're all handmade . Oh , they look nice . May I try that black one on ? Of course . The fitting room is right over there . Do you have a medium in the same color ? This one is a little tight .
This way , please . Here they are . They're all handmade . Oh , they look nice . May I try that black one on ? Of course . The fitting room is right over there . Do you have a medium in the same color ? This one is a little tight . l'm sorry . All the black of that size are sold out . Would you like a red one ?
Oh , they look nice . May I try that black one on ? Of course . The fitting room is right over there . Do you have a medium in the same color ? This one is a little tight . l'm sorry . All the black of that size are sold out . Would you like a red one ? OK . Let me try it on . What do you think ?
Of course . The fitting room is right over there . Do you have a medium in the same color ? This one is a little tight . l'm sorry . All the black of that size are sold out . Would you like a red one ? OK . Let me try it on . What do you think ? Oh , that suits you very well . Besides it is believed in China that the red color brings happiness and good luck .
Do you have a medium in the same color ? This one is a little tight . l'm sorry . All the black of that size are sold out . Would you like a red one ? OK . Let me try it on . What do you think ? Oh , that suits you very well . Besides it is believed in China that the red color brings happiness and good luck . Really ? I'II take it and I'm leaving here tomorrow . Is it possible for you to send one in black to me by mail when you get it in ?
l'm sorry . All the black of that size are sold out . Would you like a red one ? OK . Let me try it on . What do you think ? Oh , that suits you very well . Besides it is believed in China that the red color brings happiness and good luck . Really ? I'II take it and I'm leaving here tomorrow . Is it possible for you to send one in black to me by mail when you get it in ? Our pleasure . Please fill out this form , leaving your address and telephone number .
OK . Let me try it on . What do you think ? Oh , that suits you very well . Besides it is believed in China that the red color brings happiness and good luck . Really ? I'II take it and I'm leaving here tomorrow . Is it possible for you to send one in black to me by mail when you get it in ? Our pleasure . Please fill out this form , leaving your address and telephone number . Thanks . How much would that come to ?
I need help using the washer and dryer . Tell me what the problem is . I can't figure out how to turn them on . Do you have some quarters ? I didn't know I needed change .
Tell me what the problem is . I can't figure out how to turn them on . Do you have some quarters ? I didn't know I needed change . The washer costs 50 cents and the dryer costs a dollar .
I can't figure out how to turn them on . Do you have some quarters ? I didn't know I needed change . The washer costs 50 cents and the dryer costs a dollar . Where do I put the change ?
Do you have some quarters ? I didn't know I needed change . The washer costs 50 cents and the dryer costs a dollar . Where do I put the change ? The quarters go into the slot . You have to push the slot in , and the machine will turn on .
I didn't know I needed change . The washer costs 50 cents and the dryer costs a dollar . Where do I put the change ? The quarters go into the slot . You have to push the slot in , and the machine will turn on . Is that everything that I have to do ?
The washer costs 50 cents and the dryer costs a dollar . Where do I put the change ? The quarters go into the slot . You have to push the slot in , and the machine will turn on . Is that everything that I have to do ? That's all there is .
Where do I put the change ? The quarters go into the slot . You have to push the slot in , and the machine will turn on . Is that everything that I have to do ? That's all there is . I appreciate you helping me with this .
Hello ? This is John Smith . Can I speak to Mr . White , please ? This is Mr . White speaking . Hi . I understand that you have a house for sale , haven ' t you ? Yes . I ' d like to know more about it .
This is Mr . White speaking . Hi . I understand that you have a house for sale , haven ' t you ? Yes . I ' d like to know more about it . Can you come to my office this afternoon at 3 o ' clock ?
Hi . I understand that you have a house for sale , haven ' t you ? Yes . I ' d like to know more about it . Can you come to my office this afternoon at 3 o ' clock ? OK . I will be there .
Yes . I ' d like to know more about it . Can you come to my office this afternoon at 3 o ' clock ? OK . I will be there . Thank you for calling . Goodbye .
Can I help you ? Yes . I want to buy a pair of shoes . Have you a pattern in your mind ? Well , maybe sneakers or rubber shoes . Is there any special brand you would like ?
I think Yoga might be suitable for me . Why ? Because it doesn't require a lot of energy and thus easy to keep up . But I see people sweat a lot doing Yoga too . I don't know . I just need to try it once . I'm in urgent need of some exercise to lose some weight .
Hello , Daisy , how are you doing ? Fine , thank you . I haven ' t seen you for quite some time . What have you been up to recently ? I have been spending a lot of time watching movies at home , so you wouldn't have seen me . Recently , I've been obsessed with horror films . Oh , how can you be infatuated with horror films ? They're so scary . Yeah , you are right I used to not watch horror films , but after seeing Silence of the Lamb with Mike last month , I fell in love with them .
Fine , thank you . I haven ' t seen you for quite some time . What have you been up to recently ? I have been spending a lot of time watching movies at home , so you wouldn't have seen me . Recently , I've been obsessed with horror films . Oh , how can you be infatuated with horror films ? They're so scary . Yeah , you are right I used to not watch horror films , but after seeing Silence of the Lamb with Mike last month , I fell in love with them . It's amazing . But if I were you , I wouldn't have the courage to watch the first one .
I have been spending a lot of time watching movies at home , so you wouldn't have seen me . Recently , I've been obsessed with horror films . Oh , how can you be infatuated with horror films ? They're so scary . Yeah , you are right I used to not watch horror films , but after seeing Silence of the Lamb with Mike last month , I fell in love with them . It's amazing . But if I were you , I wouldn't have the courage to watch the first one . But it's really exciting .
Oh , how can you be infatuated with horror films ? They're so scary . Yeah , you are right I used to not watch horror films , but after seeing Silence of the Lamb with Mike last month , I fell in love with them . It's amazing . But if I were you , I wouldn't have the courage to watch the first one . But it's really exciting . Maybe , but I would rather watch romance , science fiction , crime or even disaster movie instead of a horror picture . I wouldn't dare sleep at night after watching one .
Yeah , you are right I used to not watch horror films , but after seeing Silence of the Lamb with Mike last month , I fell in love with them . It's amazing . But if I were you , I wouldn't have the courage to watch the first one . But it's really exciting . Maybe , but I would rather watch romance , science fiction , crime or even disaster movie instead of a horror picture . I wouldn't dare sleep at night after watching one . Basically . you'll watch any type of movie except horror .
It's amazing . But if I were you , I wouldn't have the courage to watch the first one . But it's really exciting . Maybe , but I would rather watch romance , science fiction , crime or even disaster movie instead of a horror picture . I wouldn't dare sleep at night after watching one . Basically . you'll watch any type of movie except horror . Yep .
But it's really exciting . Maybe , but I would rather watch romance , science fiction , crime or even disaster movie instead of a horror picture . I wouldn't dare sleep at night after watching one . Basically . you'll watch any type of movie except horror . Yep . I think you should have a try someday . Maybe you'll change your mind .
Wei ! This is a first-you didn't bargain ! Bargain ? I'd feel way too guilty . But you could have saved money . From a sweet ma ? ! It's not worth it . Plus , I'd happily pay more for these things I bought ! F . Y . I . , there is a flea market nearby , but maybe you're done ...
What can I do for you ? I'd like to buy some milk powder . What would you recommend ? We have many kinds of different purpose . I wonder whom you are buying for ? My son . He is two years old . I see , sir . This one is very good .
I'd like to buy some milk powder . What would you recommend ? We have many kinds of different purpose . I wonder whom you are buying for ? My son . He is two years old . I see , sir . This one is very good . Is it ?
We have many kinds of different purpose . I wonder whom you are buying for ? My son . He is two years old . I see , sir . This one is very good . Is it ? You may rest assured . It sells well .
My son . He is two years old . I see , sir . This one is very good . Is it ? You may rest assured . It sells well . May I have a look at the introduction ?
Good morning , may I speak with Professor Clark , please ? You are speaking with Professor Clark . Professor , I am Kalina from your morning literature class . Yes , how can I help you ? I ran my car into a tree yesterday and need to miss a few days of school .
You are speaking with Professor Clark . Professor , I am Kalina from your morning literature class . Yes , how can I help you ? I ran my car into a tree yesterday and need to miss a few days of school . Oh , my God ! I hope you are all right .
Professor , I am Kalina from your morning literature class . Yes , how can I help you ? I ran my car into a tree yesterday and need to miss a few days of school . Oh , my God ! I hope you are all right . I have a concussion , but I will be OK .
Yes , how can I help you ? I ran my car into a tree yesterday and need to miss a few days of school . Oh , my God ! I hope you are all right . I have a concussion , but I will be OK . How much school will you miss ?
I ran my car into a tree yesterday and need to miss a few days of school . Oh , my God ! I hope you are all right . I have a concussion , but I will be OK . How much school will you miss ? I only need to take this week off .
What a nice day ! yes . How about going out and enjoying the sunshine on the grass ? great , let's go ! hey , darling , I think I might have a little heatstroke from being in the sun all day . I was so relaxed . It felt as if I were in another world . exactly . You know , the sunshine and wind remind me of our honeymoon . You remember ? The island , the sound of the waves , the salty sea air and the sunshine ...
yes . How about going out and enjoying the sunshine on the grass ? great , let's go ! hey , darling , I think I might have a little heatstroke from being in the sun all day . I was so relaxed . It felt as if I were in another world . exactly . You know , the sunshine and wind remind me of our honeymoon . You remember ? The island , the sound of the waves , the salty sea air and the sunshine ... yes , it was wonderful but it's already been a year . How time flies !
great , let's go ! hey , darling , I think I might have a little heatstroke from being in the sun all day . I was so relaxed . It felt as if I were in another world . exactly . You know , the sunshine and wind remind me of our honeymoon . You remember ? The island , the sound of the waves , the salty sea air and the sunshine ... yes , it was wonderful but it's already been a year . How time flies ! why not go again to celebrate out one-year anniversary ? We can go to the same beach , stay in the same hotel and enjoy a dinner in the same restaurant .
hey , darling , I think I might have a little heatstroke from being in the sun all day . I was so relaxed . It felt as if I were in another world . exactly . You know , the sunshine and wind remind me of our honeymoon . You remember ? The island , the sound of the waves , the salty sea air and the sunshine ... yes , it was wonderful but it's already been a year . How time flies ! why not go again to celebrate out one-year anniversary ? We can go to the same beach , stay in the same hotel and enjoy a dinner in the same restaurant . are you kidding ? Can you afford it ? Do you think we can get a room on such short notice ?
exactly . You know , the sunshine and wind remind me of our honeymoon . You remember ? The island , the sound of the waves , the salty sea air and the sunshine ... yes , it was wonderful but it's already been a year . How time flies ! why not go again to celebrate out one-year anniversary ? We can go to the same beach , stay in the same hotel and enjoy a dinner in the same restaurant . are you kidding ? Can you afford it ? Do you think we can get a room on such short notice ? never mind that , I'll take care of it . Are you available next week ?
yes , it was wonderful but it's already been a year . How time flies ! why not go again to celebrate out one-year anniversary ? We can go to the same beach , stay in the same hotel and enjoy a dinner in the same restaurant . are you kidding ? Can you afford it ? Do you think we can get a room on such short notice ? never mind that , I'll take care of it . Are you available next week ? yeah , I think so .
why not go again to celebrate out one-year anniversary ? We can go to the same beach , stay in the same hotel and enjoy a dinner in the same restaurant . are you kidding ? Can you afford it ? Do you think we can get a room on such short notice ? never mind that , I'll take care of it . Are you available next week ? yeah , I think so . ok . I'll make the arrangements . It will be great .
Ok , honey , time to take down the Christmas tree . Do we have to ? Come on , it ' s losing needles all the time and the branches are sagging . It ' s not that bad , besides it really looks nice in that corner . It gives the room a good atmosphere . A good atmosphere ? The tree is falling apart , and it ' s messing up the room .
Do we have to ? Come on , it ' s losing needles all the time and the branches are sagging . It ' s not that bad , besides it really looks nice in that corner . It gives the room a good atmosphere . A good atmosphere ? The tree is falling apart , and it ' s messing up the room . But it makes the place feel so much like Christmas . I ' d really hate to have to take it down .
Come on , it ' s losing needles all the time and the branches are sagging . It ' s not that bad , besides it really looks nice in that corner . It gives the room a good atmosphere . A good atmosphere ? The tree is falling apart , and it ' s messing up the room . But it makes the place feel so much like Christmas . I ' d really hate to have to take it down . But Christmas was two weeks ago ! It ' s been there only because we ' Ve been too busy to get rid of it .
It ' s not that bad , besides it really looks nice in that corner . It gives the room a good atmosphere . A good atmosphere ? The tree is falling apart , and it ' s messing up the room . But it makes the place feel so much like Christmas . I ' d really hate to have to take it down . But Christmas was two weeks ago ! It ' s been there only because we ' Ve been too busy to get rid of it . I know , but it seems like such a shame to have to take it away .
A good atmosphere ? The tree is falling apart , and it ' s messing up the room . But it makes the place feel so much like Christmas . I ' d really hate to have to take it down . But Christmas was two weeks ago ! It ' s been there only because we ' Ve been too busy to get rid of it . I know , but it seems like such a shame to have to take it away . But it ' s falling apart , and the cat keeps playing with the lower branches .
But it makes the place feel so much like Christmas . I ' d really hate to have to take it down . But Christmas was two weeks ago ! It ' s been there only because we ' Ve been too busy to get rid of it . I know , but it seems like such a shame to have to take it away . But it ' s falling apart , and the cat keeps playing with the lower branches . I know , I know . But it reminds me of the great Christmas we just had . All of us were here - - my parents , your parents , the kids , and the cousins - - the food was good , and everybody got what they wanted .
But Christmas was two weeks ago ! It ' s been there only because we ' Ve been too busy to get rid of it . I know , but it seems like such a shame to have to take it away . But it ' s falling apart , and the cat keeps playing with the lower branches . I know , I know . But it reminds me of the great Christmas we just had . All of us were here - - my parents , your parents , the kids , and the cousins - - the food was good , and everybody got what they wanted . Yeah , it was a good Christmas . It won ' t always be this good , but we can ' t make it last longer than it should .
I know , but it seems like such a shame to have to take it away . But it ' s falling apart , and the cat keeps playing with the lower branches . I know , I know . But it reminds me of the great Christmas we just had . All of us were here - - my parents , your parents , the kids , and the cousins - - the food was good , and everybody got what they wanted . Yeah , it was a good Christmas . It won ' t always be this good , but we can ' t make it last longer than it should . Ok , fine . We need to take down the tree .
You guys are charging me $ 10 for a movie that I never ordered or saw . Let's see , sir . According to your file , you watched ' Titanic ' Monday evening . Well , the wrong information is in my file . I was at a concert Monday night . Well , your word overrules the file , sir . One moment , please . I knew you'd see it my way .
Let's see , sir . According to your file , you watched ' Titanic ' Monday evening . Well , the wrong information is in my file . I was at a concert Monday night . Well , your word overrules the file , sir . One moment , please . I knew you'd see it my way . Sir , I deleted the $ 10 , but I had to add a $ 2 service charge to your bill .
Well , the wrong information is in my file . I was at a concert Monday night . Well , your word overrules the file , sir . One moment , please . I knew you'd see it my way . Sir , I deleted the $ 10 , but I had to add a $ 2 service charge to your bill . Am I in the Twilight Zone ? You're charging me for a movie I never saw ?
Well , your word overrules the file , sir . One moment , please . I knew you'd see it my way . Sir , I deleted the $ 10 , but I had to add a $ 2 service charge to your bill . Am I in the Twilight Zone ? You're charging me for a movie I never saw ? Please don't blame me , sir . Blame the computer programmer .
I knew you'd see it my way . Sir , I deleted the $ 10 , but I had to add a $ 2 service charge to your bill . Am I in the Twilight Zone ? You're charging me for a movie I never saw ? Please don't blame me , sir . Blame the computer programmer . This is highway robbery . I've got a good mind to call the police !
Hi , I'm George . I'll be your waiter this evening . Are you ready to order or do you need a few more minutes ? I'm ready now . I'd like the roast chicken and a side order of corn . And would you like an appetizer before your meal ? The soup of the day is our delicious tomato soup . I'll pass on the soup , but I'd like a garden salad . Can I get you anything to drink ? :
I'm ready now . I'd like the roast chicken and a side order of corn . And would you like an appetizer before your meal ? The soup of the day is our delicious tomato soup . I'll pass on the soup , but I'd like a garden salad . Can I get you anything to drink ? : Yes , I'd like a glass of iced tea .
And would you like an appetizer before your meal ? The soup of the day is our delicious tomato soup . I'll pass on the soup , but I'd like a garden salad . Can I get you anything to drink ? : Yes , I'd like a glass of iced tea . Okay . I'll be back in a minute with your drink and salad .
Here's the course description guide . What do I do with it ? Do you want me to help you ? Please . Look . Here are the core classes . Everyone has to take them .
What do I do with it ? Do you want me to help you ? Please . Look . Here are the core classes . Everyone has to take them . So I don't have to worry about them .
Do you want me to help you ? Please . Look . Here are the core classes . Everyone has to take them . So I don't have to worry about them . You're catching on ! However , there are elective courses like wood shop , metal shop , home economics ...
Please . Look . Here are the core classes . Everyone has to take them . So I don't have to worry about them . You're catching on ! However , there are elective courses like wood shop , metal shop , home economics ... I'll take home economics .
Hi , Becky , what's up ? Not much , except that my mother-in-law is driving me up the wall . What's the problem ? She loves to nit-pick and criticizes everything that I do . I can never do anything right when she ' s around . For example ?
Not much , except that my mother-in-law is driving me up the wall . What's the problem ? She loves to nit-pick and criticizes everything that I do . I can never do anything right when she ' s around . For example ? Well , last week I invited her over to dinner . My husband and I had no problem with the food , but if you listened to her , then it would seem like I fed her old meat and rotten vegetables . There's just nothing can please her .
What's the problem ? She loves to nit-pick and criticizes everything that I do . I can never do anything right when she ' s around . For example ? Well , last week I invited her over to dinner . My husband and I had no problem with the food , but if you listened to her , then it would seem like I fed her old meat and rotten vegetables . There's just nothing can please her . No , I can't see that happening . I know you're a good cook and nothing like that would ever happen .
She loves to nit-pick and criticizes everything that I do . I can never do anything right when she ' s around . For example ? Well , last week I invited her over to dinner . My husband and I had no problem with the food , but if you listened to her , then it would seem like I fed her old meat and rotten vegetables . There's just nothing can please her . No , I can't see that happening . I know you're a good cook and nothing like that would ever happen . It's not just that . She also criticizes how we raise the kids .
Can you help me plan the office party ? Sure . What do you need the most help with , the food or entertainment ? I need help with food . OK , well , let's coordinate our efforts . Should this party be formal or casual ? I think it should be casual .
Sure . What do you need the most help with , the food or entertainment ? I need help with food . OK , well , let's coordinate our efforts . Should this party be formal or casual ? I think it should be casual . I agree . Next , we have to decide on food . We have a choice of Chinese or Continental Cuisine . Which one should we have ?
I need help with food . OK , well , let's coordinate our efforts . Should this party be formal or casual ? I think it should be casual . I agree . Next , we have to decide on food . We have a choice of Chinese or Continental Cuisine . Which one should we have ? I would prefer Chinese food for this party .
OK , well , let's coordinate our efforts . Should this party be formal or casual ? I think it should be casual . I agree . Next , we have to decide on food . We have a choice of Chinese or Continental Cuisine . Which one should we have ? I would prefer Chinese food for this party . Perfect choice . For music , should we have a live band or a DJ ?
I think it should be casual . I agree . Next , we have to decide on food . We have a choice of Chinese or Continental Cuisine . Which one should we have ? I would prefer Chinese food for this party . Perfect choice . For music , should we have a live band or a DJ ? I think we should hire a live band .
Good morning . My name is Mr . Brown . I ' m from Australia . Here is my card . Thank you . I ' m pleased to meet you , Mr . Brown . My name is Kathy Pewless , the representative of Green Textile Import and Export Corporation . Pleased to meet you too , Ms . Pewless . I travel a lot every year on business , but this is my first visit to your country . I must say I have been much impressed by your friendly people . Thank you for saying so . Have you seen the exhibition halls ? On display are most of our products , such as silk , woolen knitwear , cotton piece goods , and garments . Oh , yes . I had a look yesterday . I found some of the exhibits to be fine in quality and beautiful in design . The exhibition has successfully displayed to me what your corporation handles . I ' Ve gone over the catalogue and the pamphlets enclosed in your last letter . I ' Ve got some idea of your exports . I ' m interested in your silk blouses .
How was the movie last night ? I didn't really like it . Mary said that she was really pleased with the photography . I found it very disappointing . She liked the acting , too , because that's what she wanted to see .
I didn't really like it . Mary said that she was really pleased with the photography . I found it very disappointing . She liked the acting , too , because that's what she wanted to see . I wasn't happy with it .
Hello ! Tomorrow I'm going to need a wake-up call . Not a problem . What time shall we call you ? I always hit the snooze button , so give me two calls , one at 7 and another at 7 fifteen . It'll be our pleasure . We'll call you at 7 and then at 7 fifteen . Oops , cancel that . Change the second call to 7 thirty will you , please ?
Not a problem . What time shall we call you ? I always hit the snooze button , so give me two calls , one at 7 and another at 7 fifteen . It'll be our pleasure . We'll call you at 7 and then at 7 fifteen . Oops , cancel that . Change the second call to 7 thirty will you , please ? No sooner said than done . Can I help you with anything else ?
I always hit the snooze button , so give me two calls , one at 7 and another at 7 fifteen . It'll be our pleasure . We'll call you at 7 and then at 7 fifteen . Oops , cancel that . Change the second call to 7 thirty will you , please ? No sooner said than done . Can I help you with anything else ? No , that's about it for now . Thanks .
did you watch the Oscars on Sunday night ? no , but I heard about that Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt didn't attend . yes , that was surprising . I heard that they got into a fight and then decided not to go . they must be the most famous celebrity couple in Hollywood . they're also one of the richest couples . They have so many money and they can buy almost anything they want .
no , but I heard about that Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt didn't attend . yes , that was surprising . I heard that they got into a fight and then decided not to go . they must be the most famous celebrity couple in Hollywood . they're also one of the richest couples . They have so many money and they can buy almost anything they want . I also heard that Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes made an appearance at the Oscars .
yes , that was surprising . I heard that they got into a fight and then decided not to go . they must be the most famous celebrity couple in Hollywood . they're also one of the richest couples . They have so many money and they can buy almost anything they want . I also heard that Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes made an appearance at the Oscars . did either one of them win an Oscar this year ?
they must be the most famous celebrity couple in Hollywood . they're also one of the richest couples . They have so many money and they can buy almost anything they want . I also heard that Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes made an appearance at the Oscars . did either one of them win an Oscar this year ? I think Tom might have been nominated for one of his films , but I don't think he won anything .
they're also one of the richest couples . They have so many money and they can buy almost anything they want . I also heard that Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes made an appearance at the Oscars . did either one of them win an Oscar this year ? I think Tom might have been nominated for one of his films , but I don't think he won anything . Tom Cruise may be handsome , but I think he's a bit crazy , don't you ?
I also heard that Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes made an appearance at the Oscars . did either one of them win an Oscar this year ? I think Tom might have been nominated for one of his films , but I don't think he won anything . Tom Cruise may be handsome , but I think he's a bit crazy , don't you ? yes , his marriage to Katie is actually quite scandalous .
did either one of them win an Oscar this year ? I think Tom might have been nominated for one of his films , but I don't think he won anything . Tom Cruise may be handsome , but I think he's a bit crazy , don't you ? yes , his marriage to Katie is actually quite scandalous . I still think that they only got married to get more publicity for their movies and themselves .
I think Tom might have been nominated for one of his films , but I don't think he won anything . Tom Cruise may be handsome , but I think he's a bit crazy , don't you ? yes , his marriage to Katie is actually quite scandalous . I still think that they only got married to get more publicity for their movies and themselves . people in show biz can have such an easy life ; I don't know why they have to make it so complicated .
Tom Cruise may be handsome , but I think he's a bit crazy , don't you ? yes , his marriage to Katie is actually quite scandalous . I still think that they only got married to get more publicity for their movies and themselves . people in show biz can have such an easy life ; I don't know why they have to make it so complicated . I would never want to be a celebrity because the paparazzi would also be after you .
yes , his marriage to Katie is actually quite scandalous . I still think that they only got married to get more publicity for their movies and themselves . people in show biz can have such an easy life ; I don't know why they have to make it so complicated . I would never want to be a celebrity because the paparazzi would also be after you . that's true . I guess it would be difficult to have people taking pictures of you everywhere you go .
I still think that they only got married to get more publicity for their movies and themselves . people in show biz can have such an easy life ; I don't know why they have to make it so complicated . I would never want to be a celebrity because the paparazzi would also be after you . that's true . I guess it would be difficult to have people taking pictures of you everywhere you go . thank goodness we're not rich and famous !
You have been here for how long ? Four months now ? Yeah , about . Do you know Chinese better now ? Oh , definitely . I remember , when I first arrived in Guangzhou , my girlfriend was haggling with a sales clerk over the price of a mobile phone . Oh , yeah . Many Chinese like to bargain . It happens almost everywhere .
Yeah , about . Do you know Chinese better now ? Oh , definitely . I remember , when I first arrived in Guangzhou , my girlfriend was haggling with a sales clerk over the price of a mobile phone . Oh , yeah . Many Chinese like to bargain . It happens almost everywhere . I mean , I understand that . But the speed of the conversation got faster and faster , until it seemed to me that they would fight . My perception of the tone was that it was a violent shouting match . The truth was that it was a perfectly normal conversation .
Do you know Chinese better now ? Oh , definitely . I remember , when I first arrived in Guangzhou , my girlfriend was haggling with a sales clerk over the price of a mobile phone . Oh , yeah . Many Chinese like to bargain . It happens almost everywhere . I mean , I understand that . But the speed of the conversation got faster and faster , until it seemed to me that they would fight . My perception of the tone was that it was a violent shouting match . The truth was that it was a perfectly normal conversation . A shouting match ? You ' re so funny . You must be exaggerating . I don ' t believe it .
Oh , definitely . I remember , when I first arrived in Guangzhou , my girlfriend was haggling with a sales clerk over the price of a mobile phone . Oh , yeah . Many Chinese like to bargain . It happens almost everywhere . I mean , I understand that . But the speed of the conversation got faster and faster , until it seemed to me that they would fight . My perception of the tone was that it was a violent shouting match . The truth was that it was a perfectly normal conversation . A shouting match ? You ' re so funny . You must be exaggerating . I don ' t believe it . I am not exaggerating at all . I ' m telling you the truth . That was how I felt at that time .
Oh , yeah . Many Chinese like to bargain . It happens almost everywhere . I mean , I understand that . But the speed of the conversation got faster and faster , until it seemed to me that they would fight . My perception of the tone was that it was a violent shouting match . The truth was that it was a perfectly normal conversation . A shouting match ? You ' re so funny . You must be exaggerating . I don ' t believe it . I am not exaggerating at all . I ' m telling you the truth . That was how I felt at that time . Yes , perhaps . Chinese usually don ' t notice that sort of thing . Maybe it ' s quite natural to us .
Do you have experience in advertising ? Yes , I used to have a part-time job in advertising company . What were you mean duties there ? I mostly did advertising planning . What qualities do you think an advertising planner should have ?
Yes , I used to have a part-time job in advertising company . What were you mean duties there ? I mostly did advertising planning . What qualities do you think an advertising planner should have ? I think an advertising planner should have active thoughts , creative talent , and be sensitive to the changes in the market .
What were you mean duties there ? I mostly did advertising planning . What qualities do you think an advertising planner should have ? I think an advertising planner should have active thoughts , creative talent , and be sensitive to the changes in the market . What was the most important thing you have learned at work ?
Are you ready for the camping trip ? All set . I've got my makeup , my Cds , and my portable TV set ... Hello ! We're supposed to be getting back to nature . Yeah , yeah . Anyway ... I'm packed . Are you ? I've been packed for a week . All my stuff is in this backpack .
All set . I've got my makeup , my Cds , and my portable TV set ... Hello ! We're supposed to be getting back to nature . Yeah , yeah . Anyway ... I'm packed . Are you ? I've been packed for a week . All my stuff is in this backpack . Let me see ... two books ... birdseed ?
Hello ! We're supposed to be getting back to nature . Yeah , yeah . Anyway ... I'm packed . Are you ? I've been packed for a week . All my stuff is in this backpack . Let me see ... two books ... birdseed ? That's trail mix !
Hello , this is room 1205 . Our message lamp is flashing . Hold on a minute , please . Thank you . I am sorry to have kept you waiting . Mr . Johns needs a telephone call from you . Would you bring the message to my room .
Hold on a minute , please . Thank you . I am sorry to have kept you waiting . Mr . Johns needs a telephone call from you . Would you bring the message to my room . I'm afraid we have nobody available at the moment .
Thank you . I am sorry to have kept you waiting . Mr . Johns needs a telephone call from you . Would you bring the message to my room . I'm afraid we have nobody available at the moment . Then I'll come down and pick up the message immediately .
Have you ever shopped online ? Quite often . It is very convenient , saving me a lot of time . Do you have some experiences to share with me ? I want to have a try . You are asking the right person . Here are two very important tips . First , you need to visit no more than one site to find the best products and prices . I can recommend you some online merchants . Second , write your mail address correctly . Otherwise , you can ' t receive your delivery in time . What about the registration procedure ? Is that complicated ?
Quite often . It is very convenient , saving me a lot of time . Do you have some experiences to share with me ? I want to have a try . You are asking the right person . Here are two very important tips . First , you need to visit no more than one site to find the best products and prices . I can recommend you some online merchants . Second , write your mail address correctly . Otherwise , you can ' t receive your delivery in time . What about the registration procedure ? Is that complicated ? Not at all . You just need to provide your name , address , e-mail address , phone number and bank or credit card information . I will help you with that .
How ' s it going ? I ' m fine . Thank you . Do you need anything ? I need you to help me . What can I do for you ?
I ' m fine . Thank you . Do you need anything ? I need you to help me . What can I do for you ? I am looking for an article in a newspaper .
Do you need anything ? I need you to help me . What can I do for you ? I am looking for an article in a newspaper . Did you check the periodicals ?
I need you to help me . What can I do for you ? I am looking for an article in a newspaper . Did you check the periodicals ? I didn ' t even bother to think of that .
What can I do for you ? I am looking for an article in a newspaper . Did you check the periodicals ? I didn ' t even bother to think of that . I ' ll show you where to find your article .
I am looking for an article in a newspaper . Did you check the periodicals ? I didn ' t even bother to think of that . I ' ll show you where to find your article . I get lost in this library .
Did you check the periodicals ? I didn ' t even bother to think of that . I ' ll show you where to find your article . I get lost in this library . It ' s right this way .
How about going to the cinema tonight ? That's great . What's on tonight ? I am not sure about the name of the film , but I know it's a romantic one . Romantic ? I am afraid I like thrillers better . Don't you think it's too bloody ?
Excuse me . I bought this shirt yesterday , but I would like to refund it . Gave me the receipt , please . Here is my receipt . What's wrong with it ? It's too small for me to wear .
Gave me the receipt , please . Here is my receipt . What's wrong with it ? It's too small for me to wear . Would you like another bigger one ?
Here is my receipt . What's wrong with it ? It's too small for me to wear . Would you like another bigger one ? No thanks . I want to have a refund .
It's too hot to read . We'd better go out for a walk . Which season do you like best ? Spring . How about summer ?
We'd better go out for a walk . Which season do you like best ? Spring . How about summer ? I dislike it most .
Which season do you like best ? Spring . How about summer ? I dislike it most . Why ?
Spring . How about summer ? I dislike it most . Why ? Because the hottest season is summer in a year .
Let's play chess . I haven't played chess for a long time . That's all right , I'm a beginner . I've just learnt how to play . Look , there's a chessboard . Those two men have already finished playing . You're a very good player
I haven't played chess for a long time . That's all right , I'm a beginner . I've just learnt how to play . Look , there's a chessboard . Those two men have already finished playing . You're a very good player Not really , but once I won a prize .
That's all right , I'm a beginner . I've just learnt how to play . Look , there's a chessboard . Those two men have already finished playing . You're a very good player Not really , but once I won a prize . So did I . I won a prize last week but it was a prize for beginners .
I guess I'm just a little nervous . I'm giving everything I have to invoking , and ... and what if it doesn't work out , right ? Exactly . You need to quit thinking like a loser . invoking is going to kick butt . You know how I know ? How ?
and what if it doesn't work out , right ? Exactly . You need to quit thinking like a loser . invoking is going to kick butt . You know how I know ? How ? Because I won't let it fail .
May I help you ? Give me a Big Mac , a small order of French fries and a medium Coke . You'll need to wait a few minutes for the fries . They are still in the fryer . That's fine . Your total comes to $ 7 .
Give me a Big Mac , a small order of French fries and a medium Coke . You'll need to wait a few minutes for the fries . They are still in the fryer . That's fine . Your total comes to $ 7 . Here's a twenty . Could you give me some more napkins ?
You'll need to wait a few minutes for the fries . They are still in the fryer . That's fine . Your total comes to $ 7 . Here's a twenty . Could you give me some more napkins ? Sure . Your cash back is $ 13 . And we'll bring out your fries in two minutes .
Good afternoon , madam . How can I help you ? Well , I am a bit out of shape . I'm thinking about getting some exercises to keep fit . Oh , that's good news for us . So what do you provide ? First of all , we'll design a custom-made work-out plan according to your habits .
Well , I am a bit out of shape . I'm thinking about getting some exercises to keep fit . Oh , that's good news for us . So what do you provide ? First of all , we'll design a custom-made work-out plan according to your habits . How can you get that done ?
Oh , that's good news for us . So what do you provide ? First of all , we'll design a custom-made work-out plan according to your habits . How can you get that done ? Well , we give each of our customers a personal trainer who is qualified . And he will give you a fitness assessment and then come up with the work-out plan for your needs .
So what do you provide ? First of all , we'll design a custom-made work-out plan according to your habits . How can you get that done ? Well , we give each of our customers a personal trainer who is qualified . And he will give you a fitness assessment and then come up with the work-out plan for your needs . What else ?
First of all , we'll design a custom-made work-out plan according to your habits . How can you get that done ? Well , we give each of our customers a personal trainer who is qualified . And he will give you a fitness assessment and then come up with the work-out plan for your needs . What else ? Since everyone is different , your personal trainer will find you a suitable type of exercise equipment and teach you all the techniques to help you achieve your fitness level and goal .
How can you get that done ? Well , we give each of our customers a personal trainer who is qualified . And he will give you a fitness assessment and then come up with the work-out plan for your needs . What else ? Since everyone is different , your personal trainer will find you a suitable type of exercise equipment and teach you all the techniques to help you achieve your fitness level and goal . Sounds pretty good . What about the charge ?
Well , we give each of our customers a personal trainer who is qualified . And he will give you a fitness assessment and then come up with the work-out plan for your needs . What else ? Since everyone is different , your personal trainer will find you a suitable type of exercise equipment and teach you all the techniques to help you achieve your fitness level and goal . Sounds pretty good . What about the charge ? That depends . We offer membership for one month , half a year and one year .
What else ? Since everyone is different , your personal trainer will find you a suitable type of exercise equipment and teach you all the techniques to help you achieve your fitness level and goal . Sounds pretty good . What about the charge ? That depends . We offer membership for one month , half a year and one year . Maybe one month . Just have a try first . Not too tough at the beginning .
May I help you , ma'ma ? Please , where do I catch the plane for New York ? First you must check in at Counter No . 4 . That one there ? That's right . Then you will follow the signs to Gate 85 .
Hi Joe , how are you doing today ? Things are going good today . How have you been doing , Mary ? Things are going well for me , Joe . Want to go see a movie tonight ? My parents are taking me to dinner tonight .
Things are going good today . How have you been doing , Mary ? Things are going well for me , Joe . Want to go see a movie tonight ? My parents are taking me to dinner tonight . Could you go with me to the movies on Friday night , instead ?
Things are going well for me , Joe . Want to go see a movie tonight ? My parents are taking me to dinner tonight . Could you go with me to the movies on Friday night , instead ? What movie did you want to see ?
Want to go see a movie tonight ? My parents are taking me to dinner tonight . Could you go with me to the movies on Friday night , instead ? What movie did you want to see ? There is a new horror flick about a rapist serial killer .
My parents are taking me to dinner tonight . Could you go with me to the movies on Friday night , instead ? What movie did you want to see ? There is a new horror flick about a rapist serial killer . I was thinking that I would like to see " The Secret Life of Bees . "
What game do you like ? I like board games . I like chinese chess and draughts . I ' Ve never played Chinese chess before , but I ' Ve seen old men playing it in the street . It looks complicated . It ' s about as complicated as chess . The basic rule and moves are simple enough , but there are many strategies that players need to learn . I like playing cards . I ' m pretty good at poker . Do you play cards ?
I like board games . I like chinese chess and draughts . I ' Ve never played Chinese chess before , but I ' Ve seen old men playing it in the street . It looks complicated . It ' s about as complicated as chess . The basic rule and moves are simple enough , but there are many strategies that players need to learn . I like playing cards . I ' m pretty good at poker . Do you play cards ? I ' m terrible at cards and so I never play games which involve gambling , like poker . If I did , I ' d lose all my money .
I ' Ve never played Chinese chess before , but I ' Ve seen old men playing it in the street . It looks complicated . It ' s about as complicated as chess . The basic rule and moves are simple enough , but there are many strategies that players need to learn . I like playing cards . I ' m pretty good at poker . Do you play cards ? I ' m terrible at cards and so I never play games which involve gambling , like poker . If I did , I ' d lose all my money . Do you play bridge ?
It ' s about as complicated as chess . The basic rule and moves are simple enough , but there are many strategies that players need to learn . I like playing cards . I ' m pretty good at poker . Do you play cards ? I ' m terrible at cards and so I never play games which involve gambling , like poker . If I did , I ' d lose all my money . Do you play bridge ? Yes , I do . It ' s hard to find four players though , so I don ' t play very often . Do you know anyone who plays ? If so , we could set up a game .
I like playing cards . I ' m pretty good at poker . Do you play cards ? I ' m terrible at cards and so I never play games which involve gambling , like poker . If I did , I ' d lose all my money . Do you play bridge ? Yes , I do . It ' s hard to find four players though , so I don ' t play very often . Do you know anyone who plays ? If so , we could set up a game . I can play quite well . I have a friend who likes playing , but she ' s not very good at it . Shall I invite her to play ?
I ' m terrible at cards and so I never play games which involve gambling , like poker . If I did , I ' d lose all my money . Do you play bridge ? Yes , I do . It ' s hard to find four players though , so I don ' t play very often . Do you know anyone who plays ? If so , we could set up a game . I can play quite well . I have a friend who likes playing , but she ' s not very good at it . Shall I invite her to play ? Sure , I have a friend who play fairly well . We should find out when our friends are free and arrange a game .
Billy , you are late again . I'm sorry I'm late . I overslept . Is the manager here today ? Yes he ' s in his office . Oh , I hope he didn't notice me . Don't take any chances . It'd be best if you told him and promised not to be late again . He's already mad at you for last 2 times . Any more and he might fire you .
I'm sorry I'm late . I overslept . Is the manager here today ? Yes he ' s in his office . Oh , I hope he didn't notice me . Don't take any chances . It'd be best if you told him and promised not to be late again . He's already mad at you for last 2 times . Any more and he might fire you . You said it . It won't happen again . Do you really think he'd fire me ?
Yes he ' s in his office . Oh , I hope he didn't notice me . Don't take any chances . It'd be best if you told him and promised not to be late again . He's already mad at you for last 2 times . Any more and he might fire you . You said it . It won't happen again . Do you really think he'd fire me ? I think he might . You'd better go to his office .
Oh , I hope he didn't notice me . Don't take any chances . It'd be best if you told him and promised not to be late again . He's already mad at you for last 2 times . Any more and he might fire you . You said it . It won't happen again . Do you really think he'd fire me ? I think he might . You'd better go to his office . You are probably right . I'll go right now and apologize . I try hard not to be late but it is difficult with Beijing traffic .
What's wrong with you , young man ? Doctor , I have a bad cough and a headache . Do you have a fever ? I don't know , but I feel terrible . Let me examine you . Don't worry . It's nothing serious .
Doctor , I have a bad cough and a headache . Do you have a fever ? I don't know , but I feel terrible . Let me examine you . Don't worry . It's nothing serious . Do you think I should lie in bed ?
Do you have a fever ? I don't know , but I feel terrible . Let me examine you . Don't worry . It's nothing serious . Do you think I should lie in bed ? Yes , stay in bed and drink a lot of water . Your fever will be gone in a day or two .
I don't know , but I feel terrible . Let me examine you . Don't worry . It's nothing serious . Do you think I should lie in bed ? Yes , stay in bed and drink a lot of water . Your fever will be gone in a day or two . OK . Do you think I can play football tomorrow ?
Let me examine you . Don't worry . It's nothing serious . Do you think I should lie in bed ? Yes , stay in bed and drink a lot of water . Your fever will be gone in a day or two . OK . Do you think I can play football tomorrow ? Of course not . You need a good rest .
Look , how grand magnificent the Tiananmen Gate tour is ! What's Tiananmen famous for ? It is largest pop square in the world . you see that is monument for the people's hero , and the Chairman Mao memorial hall on the south . there is great hall of the people on the west . there are two museums on the east . What's that ? That's the Forbidden city on the north of Gate building .
I'm going to go shopping for groceries in a little bit . Why , do we need groceries ? I believe we are all out of food . Do you know what to get ? I don't know what we need .
Why , do we need groceries ? I believe we are all out of food . Do you know what to get ? I don't know what we need . Why don't you go and check the refrigerator ?
I believe we are all out of food . Do you know what to get ? I don't know what we need . Why don't you go and check the refrigerator ? I would appreciate it if you would do that for me .
Do you know what to get ? I don't know what we need . Why don't you go and check the refrigerator ? I would appreciate it if you would do that for me . Why don't you just get the basics ?
I don't know what we need . Why don't you go and check the refrigerator ? I would appreciate it if you would do that for me . Why don't you just get the basics ? What do you mean ?
Why don't you go and check the refrigerator ? I would appreciate it if you would do that for me . Why don't you just get the basics ? What do you mean ? Eggs , milk , bread . Things like that .
I would appreciate it if you would do that for me . Why don't you just get the basics ? What do you mean ? Eggs , milk , bread . Things like that . Go make that list .
Nice to meet you here . How come you dropped into this company today ? My boss sent me here to take some business documents back to his office . I didn't know you were working here . What a surprise . How long have you been doing this ? Two years or so . That is great . Do you have to work the night shift ? No , in most cases I don't have to unless there is something urgent to deal with . I work five days a week .
My boss sent me here to take some business documents back to his office . I didn't know you were working here . What a surprise . How long have you been doing this ? Two years or so . That is great . Do you have to work the night shift ? No , in most cases I don't have to unless there is something urgent to deal with . I work five days a week . Do you enjoy work here ?
Two years or so . That is great . Do you have to work the night shift ? No , in most cases I don't have to unless there is something urgent to deal with . I work five days a week . Do you enjoy work here ? It is hard to say . But I've to start by working as a trainee before I really become an experienced marketing assistant . Sometimes , I am really under great pressure when it gets busy .
That is great . Do you have to work the night shift ? No , in most cases I don't have to unless there is something urgent to deal with . I work five days a week . Do you enjoy work here ? It is hard to say . But I've to start by working as a trainee before I really become an experienced marketing assistant . Sometimes , I am really under great pressure when it gets busy . Take it easy . I'm sure you will gain enough experience while working as a marketing assistant . I hope you haven't been given much trouble in the job .
No , in most cases I don't have to unless there is something urgent to deal with . I work five days a week . Do you enjoy work here ? It is hard to say . But I've to start by working as a trainee before I really become an experienced marketing assistant . Sometimes , I am really under great pressure when it gets busy . Take it easy . I'm sure you will gain enough experience while working as a marketing assistant . I hope you haven't been given much trouble in the job . Luckily not . The silent I meet are generally very friendly and have a good boss .
Listen , Karen , I need your help . I don't know anyone here yet . I'm glad to help you . What's wrong ? My mother-in-law just went into the hospital in L . A . Hank and I will be flying there tonight . I'm sorry to hear it . What's wrong with her ? Doctors aren't sure yet . But the real problem is Suzy . She has a bad cold , and we don't want to take her with us . But we don't know who can stay with her .
I'm glad to help you . What's wrong ? My mother-in-law just went into the hospital in L . A . Hank and I will be flying there tonight . I'm sorry to hear it . What's wrong with her ? Doctors aren't sure yet . But the real problem is Suzy . She has a bad cold , and we don't want to take her with us . But we don't know who can stay with her . You need a babysitter .
My mother-in-law just went into the hospital in L . A . Hank and I will be flying there tonight . I'm sorry to hear it . What's wrong with her ? Doctors aren't sure yet . But the real problem is Suzy . She has a bad cold , and we don't want to take her with us . But we don't know who can stay with her . You need a babysitter . Yes , I'd ask Jill , the girl I've had before , but I need someone overnight . Maybe even for two nights .
I'm sorry to hear it . What's wrong with her ? Doctors aren't sure yet . But the real problem is Suzy . She has a bad cold , and we don't want to take her with us . But we don't know who can stay with her . You need a babysitter . Yes , I'd ask Jill , the girl I've had before , but I need someone overnight . Maybe even for two nights . I could have Suzy stay at my place .
Doctors aren't sure yet . But the real problem is Suzy . She has a bad cold , and we don't want to take her with us . But we don't know who can stay with her . You need a babysitter . Yes , I'd ask Jill , the girl I've had before , but I need someone overnight . Maybe even for two nights . I could have Suzy stay at my place . I don't want to do that to you , Karen .
You need a babysitter . Yes , I'd ask Jill , the girl I've had before , but I need someone overnight . Maybe even for two nights . I could have Suzy stay at my place . I don't want to do that to you , Karen . Why not ?
Yes , I'd ask Jill , the girl I've had before , but I need someone overnight . Maybe even for two nights . I could have Suzy stay at my place . I don't want to do that to you , Karen . Why not ? Your own kids would get Suzy's cold . I think it would be better to have a good babysitter here . But I don't know who to ask . I need someone more mature than Jill . It might even be for two or three days .
I could have Suzy stay at my place . I don't want to do that to you , Karen . Why not ? Your own kids would get Suzy's cold . I think it would be better to have a good babysitter here . But I don't know who to ask . I need someone more mature than Jill . It might even be for two or three days . I know who we can ask . There is a girl I know , Sara Ralston . She is 17 , and she will usually take this kind of job . I know her from my church , and I trust her completely .
I don't want to do that to you , Karen . Why not ? Your own kids would get Suzy's cold . I think it would be better to have a good babysitter here . But I don't know who to ask . I need someone more mature than Jill . It might even be for two or three days . I know who we can ask . There is a girl I know , Sara Ralston . She is 17 , and she will usually take this kind of job . I know her from my church , and I trust her completely . I'd like to talk with her . This is short notice , I know . But Hank and I are leaving tonight .
Why not ? Your own kids would get Suzy's cold . I think it would be better to have a good babysitter here . But I don't know who to ask . I need someone more mature than Jill . It might even be for two or three days . I know who we can ask . There is a girl I know , Sara Ralston . She is 17 , and she will usually take this kind of job . I know her from my church , and I trust her completely . I'd like to talk with her . This is short notice , I know . But Hank and I are leaving tonight . I'll get you her number . I hope she can do it . She is very responsible .
Your own kids would get Suzy's cold . I think it would be better to have a good babysitter here . But I don't know who to ask . I need someone more mature than Jill . It might even be for two or three days . I know who we can ask . There is a girl I know , Sara Ralston . She is 17 , and she will usually take this kind of job . I know her from my church , and I trust her completely . I'd like to talk with her . This is short notice , I know . But Hank and I are leaving tonight . I'll get you her number . I hope she can do it . She is very responsible . I'm glad you know someone . I knew you would be the best person to ask about this . I don't want to insult Jill or her mother . I think Jill maybe could do it . But I'd rather have someone a little older .
I know who we can ask . There is a girl I know , Sara Ralston . She is 17 , and she will usually take this kind of job . I know her from my church , and I trust her completely . I'd like to talk with her . This is short notice , I know . But Hank and I are leaving tonight . I'll get you her number . I hope she can do it . She is very responsible . I'm glad you know someone . I knew you would be the best person to ask about this . I don't want to insult Jill or her mother . I think Jill maybe could do it . But I'd rather have someone a little older . I'll go home and get Sara's number . I'll call her first myself .
The plumbing in my new apartment is not working . I need you to tell me what the problem is . The bathroom sink is stopped up . Is the kitchen plumbing messed up also , or just the bathroom plumbing ? Just the bathroom plumbing seems to have a problem .
I need you to tell me what the problem is . The bathroom sink is stopped up . Is the kitchen plumbing messed up also , or just the bathroom plumbing ? Just the bathroom plumbing seems to have a problem . Did this just start happening , or has it been going on for a while ?
The bathroom sink is stopped up . Is the kitchen plumbing messed up also , or just the bathroom plumbing ? Just the bathroom plumbing seems to have a problem . Did this just start happening , or has it been going on for a while ? Everything worked beautifully until a few hours ago .
Is the kitchen plumbing messed up also , or just the bathroom plumbing ? Just the bathroom plumbing seems to have a problem . Did this just start happening , or has it been going on for a while ? Everything worked beautifully until a few hours ago . Are you going to be home so I can come by and take a look at the problem ?
Just the bathroom plumbing seems to have a problem . Did this just start happening , or has it been going on for a while ? Everything worked beautifully until a few hours ago . Are you going to be home so I can come by and take a look at the problem ? I am not sure if I will be home later .
Who are those guys ? Kobe Bryant and Shaquille O ' Neal , they are the Los Angeles Lakers ' star players . Oh . Wait a second . He shoots , he scores ! All right !
Kobe Bryant and Shaquille O ' Neal , they are the Los Angeles Lakers ' star players . Oh . Wait a second . He shoots , he scores ! All right ! Here comes Jordan , though .
Oh . Wait a second . He shoots , he scores ! All right ! Here comes Jordan , though . Wow , Michael Jordan ' s slam-dunks are beautiful things to watch .
Wait a second . He shoots , he scores ! All right ! Here comes Jordan , though . Wow , Michael Jordan ' s slam-dunks are beautiful things to watch . Yeah . He ' s older , so he doesn ' t slam as much as he did when he was younger , but when he does , it ' s still amazing .
All right ! Here comes Jordan , though . Wow , Michael Jordan ' s slam-dunks are beautiful things to watch . Yeah . He ' s older , so he doesn ' t slam as much as he did when he was younger , but when he does , it ' s still amazing . Which team do you think will win ?
I don't believe we've met . No , I don't think we have . My name is Gao Run . How do you do ? My name is James Green . Here's my name card .
No , I don't think we have . My name is Gao Run . How do you do ? My name is James Green . Here's my name card . And here's mine .
My name is Gao Run . How do you do ? My name is James Green . Here's my name card . And here's mine . It's nice to finally meet you .
House keeping . May I come in ? Come in please . Good evening , sir . I come to make the bed . Shall I do it now or later ? Well , since you have come , do it now please ? That's all . Have a nice stay here .
Come in please . Good evening , sir . I come to make the bed . Shall I do it now or later ? Well , since you have come , do it now please ? That's all . Have a nice stay here . Thank you . Please get some soap for us .
Did you set your clock forward for daylight savings time ? What ? Why do we have to do that ? Well , at the start of the spring we usually have more daylight in the mornings and less in the afternoon . This is basically due to our position on the planet and the rotation of the earth . In any case , to take better advantage of the daylight available , we compensate by moving our clocks forward one hour . I see . That ' s convenient ! I never understood things like this , such as GMT . I never know what time zone we are in or when to change my clock ! That just stands for Greenwich Mean Time . Here in California , we are in Pacific Standard Time , that is eight time zones west of Greenwich . Remember when we were in Beijing ? Well , then we were in China Standard Time , and that ' s eight time zones east of Greenwich !
